===== 2025 Q3  (2025-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Lam Research March 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ram Ganesh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ram Ganesh: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the March 2025 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM Pacific time. The release can be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the press presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Great. Thank you, Ram, and thank you all for joining the call today. Lam's March quarter results reflect continued strength with revenues, gross margin, operating margin, and EPS all exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. We delivered a record quarter for foundry revenues, demonstrating our solid product momentum and leading-edge technology inflections. Gross margin percentage was also a record for the company since the Novelis merger, as the investments we have made over the past several years in our manufacturing and supply chain are contributing positively as we scale the business. As our guidance indicates, gross margins are set to expand again in the June quarter. On our January earnings call, we laid out what we saw as the fundamental drivers of WFE spending in the year ahead. To date, these have played out largely as expected, with strength in leading-edge foundry logic, technology-driven conversions in NAND, and a focus on high bandwidth memory and DDR5 in DRAM. From an overall industry perspective, we continue to forecast calendar year 2025 WFE spending in the $100 billion range. We recognize that the current tariff and global economic environment is dynamic, but thus far, we have not seen any meaningful changes for our customers' plans. We are closely monitoring the situation alongside our customers and ecosystem partners. We believe that the agile manufacturing and supply chain capability that we have developed in recent years provides us with the flexibility to lessen the direct impact of tariffs. Our strategic focus in this environment remains on delivering the new products, advanced services, and digital transformation initiatives required to achieve the growth and profitability outperformance goals we described at our Investor Day in February. As a reminder, we identified three key drivers that underpin our ability to outperform overall WFE growth over the next several years. First, we expect to expand our served market or SAM faster than WFE as deposition and etch intensity rises due to greater semiconductor device complexity. Second, we expect to gain share with the strongest product portfolio in the company's history, targeted at billion-dollar-plus technology inflections such as Gate All Around, backside power distribution, advanced packaging, and dry EUV photoresist processing. And third, we expect to grow our CSBG revenue faster than our installed base as customers look to Lam's upgrade, automation, and equipment intelligence offerings to enhance productivity and execution as they expand their global fab operations. Year to date, we are already witnessing incredible momentum in these areas. In deposition, Lam's atomic layer deposition or ALD products are making strong gains. Our Stryker Spark ALD tool delivers the industry's densest conformal low k carbide dilatate films. Leveraging this capability, we have secured multiple key wins for spacer applications at a leading-edge foundry. Our Altus Halo system enables barrierless atomic layer deposition of molybdenum, reducing the resistance of critical contact and interconnect layers by 50% compared to legacy technologies. In the case of 3D NAND, this reduction is critical to achieving the superior IO performance needed for AI applications. As a result, Lam's halo molybdenum process is seeing increased adoption across our leading 3D NAND customers. In etch, our new ACARA system has gotten off to a great start, rapidly solidifying and expanding our market-leading position in conductor etch. Featuring a proprietary industry-first innovation for ultrafast plasma control, ACARA delivers previously unachievable levels of performance in etch selectivity and profile patterning precision. We have previously announced leading-edge foundry logic momentum with this tool, and just since our investor day, ACARA has also won multiple critical etch applications in a major DRAM manufacturer. By enabling current DRAM and logic roadmaps with ACARA, we are setting the stage for Lam to make further gains as the industry looks to implement even more challenging device architectures like 3D DRAM and CFET over the next decade. Turning to CSBG, we saw record revenues in our Upgrades business. While the growth in upgrades was primarily driven by NAND technology conversions as forecasted at our Investor Day, key DRAM and foundry logic customers are also more actively upgrading and repurposing existing tools for new applications to optimize capital spending. Looking forward, we see the upgradeable architecture of our systems being a growing point of differentiation for Lam, enabling our customers to cost-effectively scale technology on the equipment they already own, while creating revenue and share gain opportunities for us. Our collaboration with customers on operating cost optimization extends across the entirety of our installed base business and over a longer time horizon. For example, in the March quarter, we signed a new multiyear spares agreement with a large memory customer for their latest technology node. This enables us to deliver value to the customer through assured component quality, cost, and availability. Finally, in Specialty Technologies, we achieved a couple of key milestones recently. First, we displaced a competitor and shipped multiple 200-millimeter PCBD tools for silicon carbide-based wide bandgap power device fabrication. Second, our pulse laser deposition solutions are being extended into more use cases, and we will be shipping our latest tool this year for an advanced memory application. As customers look to accelerate R&D and scale manufacturing globally, we're finding new ways to add value. We've talked in the past about our semi-verse solutions capabilities which apply advanced modeling, simulation, data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to enhance equipment performance and shorten the time required for process optimization. I am pleased to report that recently we signed new licensing agreements with three large customers for our virtual fabrication platform, Simulator 3D. For both its cost and performance benefits, we see virtual fabrication fast becoming a required discipline in advanced technology development, and Lam is leading the industry in this evolution. So to wrap up, when I look at our solid March quarter results and strong June quarter guide, I see Lam executing at a high level on all aspects of the outperformance strategy we described at our February Investor Day. This includes new product momentum and key customer wins, value creation from the installed base business, and innovation in equipment intelligence and virtual process development. Near term, we're taking steps to lessen the direct impact of tariffs and closely monitoring for longer-term indicators of demand changes. Our priority is to continue delivering the technological innovations and world-class support that uniquely enable our customers to scale semiconductor manufacturing faster, more productively, and more cost-effectively. Simply put, our competitive differentiation is enabling our customers' competitive advantage. For this reason, we remain highly confident that Lam is in an excellent position to outperform overall semiconductor industry growth in the years to come. Thank you, and I'll now pass it on to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. Lam is off to a strong start in 2025. The March quarter's performance exceeded the midpoint of all of our guidance ranges that we gave on the last earnings call. I was pleased with the company's continued solid execution. We've reached the highest quarterly gross margin percentage since Lam merged with Novelis in 2012. We achieved this by proactively delivering our operational efficiencies via our manufacturing strategy of being close to our customers. Let's look at the details of our March quarter financial results. Revenue for the March quarter was $4.72 billion, which was an increase of 8% from the prior quarter. Our deferred revenue balance at quarter-end was $2 billion, which was essentially flat from the December quarter. Within this number, though, advanced payments trended lower, while other components of the deferred balance trended higher. As we sit here today, I believe our deferred revenue balance will move lower by the end of calendar year 2025. From a market segment perspective, March quarter systems revenue in memory was 43%, a decrease from 50% in the prior quarter. Within memory, non-volatile memory accounted for 20% of our systems revenue, down from 24% in the prior quarter. And just a reminder, this segment includes a domestic China customer that we classified as a non-volatile memory producer and that we are currently limited from shipping to. On a dollar basis, NAND saw growth from non-China-based customers consistent with our expectations from earlier in the year. The non-volatile memory segment is being driven by customer spending on technology conversions from 1XX layer to 256-layer class devices. We currently expect this segment to represent the biggest percentage growth in systems revenue for Lam in the June quarter. DRAM represented 23% of systems revenue compared with 26% in the December quarter. Spending was focused on technology upgrades across One Alpha, One Beta, and One Gamma nodes to enable DDR5, LPDDR5, and high bandwidth memory. Foundry represented 48% of our systems revenue, up from the percentage concentration in the December quarter of 35%. This level represents a new record in dollar terms for Lam. Shipments for gate all around nodes and advanced packaging were strong. We also benefited from mature node spending with domestic Chinese customers. Just like to point out that the last time we were at these revenue levels, back in late 2022, foundry represented a concentration in the low to mid-30% range. We have clearly broadened and diversified our business since then. And finally, Logic and Other were 9% of our systems revenue in the March quarter, down from the prior quarter's level of 15%. The decrease was primarily driven by reduced leading-edge spending. Now I'll discuss the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region accounted for 31%, flat from the prior quarter. Most of our revenue from China continued to come from domestic Chinese customers. Our next largest geographic concentrations were Taiwan and Korea, at 24% of revenue each in the March quarter. Taiwan represented a new record level for us in dollar terms. The customer support business group generated approximately $1.7 billion in revenue for the March quarter, down a little bit from the December quarter. However, 21% higher than the same period in 2024. Sequentially, the decline was attributable to lower Reliant Systems revenue partly offset by record upgrade revenue. Turning to the gross margin performance, the March quarter came in at 49%, at the high end of our guidance range and improving from the December quarter level of 47.5%. The increase reflects a stronger mix as well as the efficiencies we're delivering from our close-to-customer manufacturing strategy. Operating expenses in March were $763 million, up from the prior quarter level of $735 million. The increase was due to growth in R&D activities associated with our ongoing roadmap differentiation. R&D accounted for 70% of the total operating expenses. Operating margin in the March quarter was 32.8%, above the December quarter level of 30.7%, and near the high end of our guidance range primarily because of the higher revenue and the stronger gross margin performance. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 13.3%, in line with our expectations. Our estimate for the June 2025 quarter is for the tax rate to be in the single-digit range due to an anticipated tax reserve release tied to a statute of limitations expiration. Beyond the June quarter, we continue to believe the tax rate will be in the low to mid-teens for the remainder of the calendar year. Other income expense for the March quarter came in at $7 million in expense compared with $11 million in income in the December quarter. The change in OI and E was due to lower gains in our equity investments and lower interest income. OI and E will continue to be susceptible to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility each quarter. I do believe O and E will have a slight negative bias in the June quarter. On the capital return side of things, we allocated $347 million to open market share repurchases, and we paid $296 million in dividends in the March quarter. As I indicated on the last earnings call, in the quarter, we retired $500 million of unsecured notes that reached maturity using cash from our balance sheet. We returned 63% of free cash flow in the quarter. This was a little lower than normal due to that cash that we allocated for the debt retirement. For the March quarter, diluted earnings per share came in at $1.04. The diluted share count was roughly 1.29 billion shares, about flat with the December quarter. We have $8.8 billion remaining on our board-authorized share repurchase program. Let me pivot to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments totaled $5.5 billion at the end of the March quarter, down slightly from $5.7 billion at the end of the December quarter. The primary factors behind the cash decrease were the repayment of those notes, our capital spending, as well as our capital return activities. Total debt on the balance sheet obviously declined by that $500 million to $4.5 billion at quarter-end. Day sales outstanding were 62 days in the March quarter, which was a decrease from 69 days in the December quarter. Inventory at March quarter-end totaled $4.5 billion, a slight increase from the December quarter as we prepare for higher revenue levels in the June quarter. Inventory turns were 2.2 times compared with 2.1 times in the previous quarter. We will continue to manage inventory levels to align with customer demand. Our non-cash expenses for the March quarter included $87 million in equity compensation, $83 million in depreciation, and $14 million in amortization. Capital expenditures in the March quarter were $288 million, up $100 million from the December quarter. A major driver of this increase was a purchase of land in India to enable our planned lab expansions there. Our capital spending otherwise was focused on lab investments in the United States and global growth in manufacturing. We ended the March quarter with approximately 18,600 regular full-time employees, which was an increase of approximately 300 people from the prior quarter. We had headcount growth primarily in the factory and field to support increased tool installation, as well as growing manufacturing activities. We also saw headcount increases within R&D to support that long-term product roadmap. Now let's turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the June 2025 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $5 billion plus or minus $300 million. We expect systems revenue in foundry and NAND to be up in the June quarter. This business level is consistent with our expectations from the beginning of the year. I want to specifically point out that we don't see anything being pulled in from future quarters. We're expecting gross margin of 49.5% plus or minus one percentage point. This guidance includes our current assessment of the direct impacts of tariffs on our business. Operating margin of 33.5% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $1.20 plus or minus $0.10 based on a share count of approximately 1.28 billion shares. This guidance for gross margin and operating margin percentage would represent record levels since our joining of Lam and Novelis. I would also just point out that this would be the highest operating margin percentage that Lam has delivered since the late 1990s. These earnings would obviously represent an all-time record level of profit. When we wrap up, we're off to a strong start in 2025. We're executing well on our critical operational and financial objectives. While the tariff-related macro uncertainty is keeping the environment dynamic, customers are continuing to invest consistently with their planned technology roadmaps. At Lam, we're laser-focused on driving innovation and delivering new product and service capabilities while at the same time enhancing operational efficiency and managing our profitability goals. We believe we're well set up to outperform overall WFE growth in 2025 as well as in the years ahead. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Pick up your handset before pressing the keys. Our first question today comes from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, first question, I was hoping to hit on the NAND upgrade. So the biggest growth driver into the June quarter. We'd love to hear your thoughts around the sustainability of that beyond June. Are you anticipating a broadening of spending beyond just the one or two customers in the first half of the year? As you think about the growth there, I guess, how much of that will come through tools versus CSPG upgrades? As well as is there a way to think about your share of wallet with the industry focusing so greatly on upgrades where it would appear that you're going from 30% to maybe 40 to 50%?
Tim Archer: Yeah. C.J., this is Tim. I'll go ahead and start on this. It's, you know, as we've talked a couple of times on earnings calls recently, a significant portion said two-thirds of the industry's bits are still at around the 128 level, the 1XX generation. So we see a tremendous number of bits that ultimately have to get upgraded to 2XX plus. And so we don't know exactly what the rate and pace of that is. Right now, we see a strong move in that direction, and, obviously, we're watching for that. Lam is in an incredibly good position on two fronts. One is the fact that we are the ones who upgrade our own tools, and so we capture a tremendous amount of the wallet, the spend associated with upgrading the tools that are in place. At the same time, as we described at our investor day, as you extend beyond the 2XX to the 3XX and 4XX layers, you begin to need additional new tooling to enable that stacking. We talked about the sacrificial carbon gap fill that helps enable tier stacking. We talked about the backside deposition tool that helps with wafer stress as you move beyond 200 layers. We talked about the need to change the means of gap fill to an ALD gap fill. These are things that are new tools. So I think you're gonna see a mix. You're gonna see some of the mold and stack depth tools be upgraded. I think then you'll see new tools being added. And one of those most significant new tools from a technology perspective is what I talked about in my script, which is the halo molybdenum. And we're seeing strong momentum there. And eventually, because of the improvement it makes in terms of resistance, and that impact on device performance, we think that ultimately broadens out and is adopted across all customers.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, your Taiwan revenues in the quarter were spectacular. I think the highest level that I can see over the last decade or more. And I guess, you know, curious on two fronts. One, you know, how sustainable is that contribution to Lam? And then how does that inform your thinking about what second half tool shipments could look like versus first half? Thanks so much.
Tim Archer: Actually, C.J., let me just start from the standpoint of, you know, the comments we've made around leading-edge foundry logic strength. You know, it's been our stated strategy for the last several years to invest in new tooling to increase our exposure to leading-edge foundry logic. And so I think it should come as no surprise when we talk about record foundry revenues. We talk about strength in places like Taiwan. A lot of that is coming because, you know, we've been executing on the new product roadmaps. And, you know, I talked about the ACARA Conductor etch tool off to a strong start. We talked about Spark ALD in my prepared remarks. I mean, it goes well beyond that. Obviously, advanced packaging, a big portion of that as well. You know, Lam is really well situated in the technology inflections that are coming in leading-edge foundry logic, and I think that accounts for a lot of strength in Taiwan. I'll let Doug answer the second part of it.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I mean, Tim covered it. It's sustainable, C.J. It's not going away. It's all about gate all around nodes. It's all about advanced packaging. It's all the stuff we've been talking about. So not much to add from Tim's comments.
C.J. Muse: Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, C.J. Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Tim, you made a comment on the call that you're, I think you said, quote, taking steps to limit the impact of tariffs. Can you talk about that? I guess you do have a free trade zone in Fremont, and then when you make the tools in Malaysia, the country I'm working is Malaysia. So you should be fine there too. But you did say taking steps to limit the impact. So can you kind of go into some details on that?
Tim Archer: Well, I don't know that I can go into a lot of details on, you know, as far as the specific steps. But what I can say is that, you know, we've worked hard over the last several years to build a very flexible manufacturing supply chain operation that's, you know, centered around our US operations, operations in Asia, as Doug said, close to our customers, close to the supply chain. And so when I say taking steps, it's no different than what we're always doing. We look at the environment, we look at the customers, and then we optimize that capability that we have that exists in many different places in the world to deliver our tools most efficiently and most effectively to our customers. And so it's kind of what we're always doing, and I think that that's a result. I mean, that flexibility is, again, part of the strategy we executed when we saw disruptions like COVID and things over past years. To really broaden out the global capability of our supply chain and manufacturing operations.
Doug Bettinger: And, Tim, I'd just remind you, Doug. You know, we've got factories all over the world. Right? We've got factories in the United States. Factories in Austria, factories in Malaysia, factories in Taiwan, factories in Korea. And we've been talking about this for a while. The fact that we have that broad footprint enables us to have some level of flexibility, and I guess I'd just leave it there.
Timothy Arcuri: Cool. Okay, Doug. And then I had a question for you. So it sounds like NAND upgrades, you think, should continue. If we look at TSMC's CapEx, it looks like it does kind of flatten off as you get to the back. I know that you're that you don't track, you know, track it and then your business doesn't, you know, attract to their CapEx. But I think the feeling was that your revenue bias would be a little bit lower in the back half of the year. Is that still the case? If you can give us some sort of puts and takes into the back half of the year, that'd be great. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Tim, you're exactly right. You remember exactly what we intimated last call, and that's still the right way to think about it. It's a little bit of a first half weighted year. And you'll remember we talked last quarter about the fact we lost some of those Chinese customers that were, as we looked into the year, would have been second half weighted. We talked about a number of approximately $700 million of business that we had planned on being there that is no longer there. So thinking about it a little bit first half later is still the right way to have it, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: The next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe to follow-up on Tim's question. So on the reciprocal tariffs that were levied on many countries including Malaysia and Taiwan, obviously, there's a 90-day reprieve through early July, but let's assume that somehow this doesn't get resolved or you still have some residual tariffs even post-resolution, like, does the Lam team have enough manufacturing capability in the US to service your leading-edge customers that are gonna be aggressively building out plants here in the US? I know before your manufacturing consolidation initiative, you did have manufacturing in Oregon and in California, but not sure how that footprint has changed as you brought on your Malaysia factory.
Tim Archer: Yeah. So I would go back to what it's a good question. I would go back to what Dennis commented about, you know, our long-standing strategy of putting our capabilities close to our customers. And so, you know, you referred to this as, as we see customers expanding aggressively in the US, obviously, that will occur over a period of time in which we've already shown an ability to be agile within our manufacturing and supply chain. Like I mentioned, in response to COVID where we moved things to regions where we could, you know, meet our customers' needs more effectively. I think that if we continue to see more investment in the US, we still have operations, significant manufacturing capabilities and footprint in the US, and obviously, as each region grows, we reassess what local manufacturing we need to support that capability.
Doug Bettinger: And Harlan, Doug, I'd just add, you know, we can't instantaneously change things, but given enough lead time, once you know what the rules are, you can adjust certain things with a period of time. So I think just think about that. It might take a little bit of time depending on what shows up. But we have an ability to be flexible.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you for that. And good to see the very strong performance in the gross margins. I assume near term, you have spares and subsystems inventories that, you know, were there before tariffs were put in place. Just wondering if there are some basic materials that you or your subsystem partners source from China, which could potentially be a cost headwind for the team. Maybe beyond the June quarter, either, you know, on spare parts or subsystem side of the business that could impact product costs if the tariff headwinds remain?
Doug Bettinger: Listen, Harlan. I don't wanna get into everything, like, what do you have, where, and which country. We've got a global supply chain footprint. We've got a global manufacturing footprint. We have an ability to respond to different things depending on what the rules are and how they change. I guess I'd just leave it at that.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: The next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, it does sound to me like you're based on your comments that you still expect China revenues to be and mix to be down in the second half versus the first half. So I guess can you confirm that that is correct? And if that is true, does that have any implications for the sustainability of gross margins at this level given that China business has tended to have higher gross margins? Like, how do we think about gross margin sustainability into the back half of these levels given those dynamics?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. So, Stacy, I'm not gonna give details on next quarter by quarter. I still would tell you what we said last quarter was we expect the China concentration year over year to be down. That's still absolutely what we expect. Quarter by quarter, you know, things might bounce around a little bit. But I'm not gonna give you specific details on the quarter by quarter month. But you're right. You know, gross margin will go up and down depending on customer mix, product mix, overall revenue levels. It's a very complicated calculus when you look at all the things that move it around. So there will be variability there.
Stacy Rasgon: I guess, so then should I not be thinking about gross margins sustainable at these levels into the back half then? Or are you talking about variability around the cost level or what?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. There will be variability around the current level, Stacy. It won't go every quarter. It'll bounce around a little bit.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So, I mean, should I be thinking about it going down? Like, just to be direct?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Variability means it'll go up sometimes, and it'll go down sometimes.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. Okay. So my follow-up is very quickly. I think last quarter, you said you thought services as CFPG revenues would probably be flat year over year in the calendar year. Is that still expectation?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Flat-ish is how I would describe it. Reliant will have some headwinds offset by the tailwinds that the upgrade part of the business has, Stacy. Yeah.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yep.
Operator: The next question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yeah. I had two questions. One is just to, you know, double-check on this overseas manufacturing. Doug, can you meet all of your non-US customer demand from your non-US manufacturing sites like Malaysia and Taiwan?
Doug Bettinger: Hey. See, I'm not sorry, Krish. I'm not gonna get into the exact details. Right? We don't build every single tool at every single factory. But with enough lead time, we can adjust depending on what is where. And like I said earlier on the call, depending on, you know, what the rules end up being, we can move things around as necessary. Not instantaneously though.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Another question on China too. I understand many of your Chinese customers are probably not don't have much long tenure. But I'm curious what is the visibility into China? Because when you look at the last three years, it seemed like China surprised with the upside for WFE and demand. Do you think a similar scenario could play out this year or is the calculus different this time around?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I don't know that it's really all that different. Hey, every customer, Krish, whether they're new or they've been around for decades, communicates plans on what they intend to do, where they intend to go. They all have roadmaps. They all tell you what they wanna do. It's no different in a region like China or Korea or Taiwan, frankly.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay, Krish.
Operator: The next question is from Sreeni Pajuri with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thank you. A question on the Foundry Logic. I know you get a lot of questions on NAND. It's up 60% sequentially, and I think you're guiding for growth again. You know, first, you know, we all know that advanced logic spending is coming back here. But if you could maybe parse it out to what extent is it just the spending coming back versus, you know, you talked about GAA being a driver and backside power being a driver. And also you talked about share gains in the past. If you could kind of help us understand what's driving that sequential strength and, you know, consumer strength into the June quarter.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. No. We, obviously, are like talking about the Foundry Logic story because you just highlighted a couple of really big drivers for us. We're talking about it as billion-dollar-plus technology inflections. You left out a couple, though. So, of course, we talk about gate all around nodes and how we're really a lot of new tools into support that transition. Backside power obviously plays well for an etching deposition company where you're looking at more metallization interconnect layers going on to the backside and those being thicker and generally requiring more tooling. What you left out was the advanced packaging and the important role that it's playing and the role that Lam has in really a very significant leadership position in steps like TSV etch, copper plating, many of the dielectric deposition films that are required for advanced packaging, that's an area where from both a served market as percent of total WFE spending, you know, we've kind of reset the mark for us relative to foundry logic. And so dense packaging is big. And then the one that's still small but coming is progress we're making on dry EUV resist processing, which you know, when you look out and you think about continued shrinking on the Foundry Logic roadmap and the challenges with the lithography, we think it has a big role to play and we are making progress there both on the DRAM side, which we previously announced at our investor day, but also make progress with advanced customers on the Foundry Logic side as well. So it's just a lot of technology opportunity for a company like Lam.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Yeah. That's helpful. Thanks, Tim. And then at a high level, Tim, I know you guided for mid-single-digit WFE growth and you're kind of maintaining that. But if I look at your first quarter results and also your second quarter outlook, you're growing north of 20%. So is this the level of outperformance that you expect, I guess, you know, for the rest of the year? I mean, how should we think about if WFE grows 5%, how should we kind of think about your level of outperformance expectation going forward?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I don't think we're ready to quantify that number specifically, but, you know, we have talked about outperformance of WFE overall. Obviously, I mix and where the spending is occurring, how much of that spending is on those advanced technologies where Lam's served market has stepped up and we've got new tools going in. That comes into play as well. But overall, you know, I think I finished my prepared remarks with the comment about being highly confident in our ability to outgrow, and I think that's where we'll probably leave it. Thanks, Tim.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Trini.
Operator: The next question is from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. The first question is on WFE. I understand you guys are maintaining the $100 billion range as it's still early and there's no meaningful change in customer plans. One of your North American customers is going through some major restructuring and we get from investors if you guys have baked in kind of as a net neutral spending scenario for the logic customers in an event that customer tends to abandon the foundry plans or changes direction.
Doug Bettinger: Atif, I guess what I would say, and, you know, I won't talk about any one specific customer. I mean, generally speaking, you guys hear about something. We've known about it well in advance of whatever you're hearing. Right? Because they gotta tell us what they're doing if we're gonna have people there, we're gonna have spare parts there to do installation and whatnot. So, yes, to the best of our ability, we've contemplated everything we've seen in the totality of the market.
Atif Malik: Totally understand. Doug, I have a follow-up to you. In your prepared remarks, I think you mentioned that your outlook for June quarter you do not see any pull-ins from future quarters. So I'm just curious. Is that common based on the fact that the lead times are super long for your tools? Or your customer pipeline kind of, you know, has not changed much from what you were seeing 90 days ago? So if you could expand on what is that comment based on?
Doug Bettinger: But if it's based on plans that we've known, these customers have had in place well in advance of even 90 days ago. Right? And if I think back to late last year, the outlook that we had for the current quarter that we just guided has not changed. Frankly, the whole year hasn't changed. Now I don't want you to communicate or I don't wanna communicate, hey. Could something change? Of course, anything can change, but we're not seeing anything change in the environment. We're staying very diligent on, you know, contemplating, okay. Tariffs are out there. Might that have a macro impact? Might the economy get softer? Of course, we're aware of those things. Could that negatively impact things at some point? It could. We're not seeing anything now. So I wanted to be very specific about saying that to you guys so you understand. Nothing's changing that we can see. Thank you.
Atif Malik: Yep. Thanks, Atif.
Operator: The next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. For the first one, if all China restrictions are already captured in your March results and June guide, why can't your second half sales be at or above first half levels? Like, I guess my real question is what non-restricted customer or end market could drop in the second half versus the first half?
Doug Bettinger: No. Because just the totality of the market. Right? Nothing grows every single quarter. And when we look at everything that we going on relative to customers' plans and timing of things, it's a little bit first half weighted. It's not one customer or even one or two customers. It's just how the plans of our customers are laying out in total.
Tim Archer: Yeah. We've talked about it in the past. I mean, a lot of these projects are quite lumpy and there's periods of large shipments and then spend a lot of time installing and the customer ramps those tools, and then the next phase of the expansion comes in. And I think that's especially true when you talk about upgrades that are occurring in some of these subs where they may not all be occurring over a very short period of time. They'll be spread out and they might be lumpy in particular quarters.
Vivek Arya: I guess what I'm trying to ask is, is this second half, right, is that impacted in any way from China restriction? Because, I mean, you should not be shipping to any restricted customers already. So what they do in the second half should not matter. And is it just conservatism about the non-restricted customers or lumpiness in the backup? I'm trying to understand how second half verification could look like.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, you're probably focused on China. What we did describe is, hey. If you go back to early December, there were some customers we were shipping to last year that all of a sudden became restricted. The plans those customers had were second half weighted. So that kind of went away from what we're looking at. So if not for that, right, we would be describing a second half that's different in profile than what we see right now. I don't know if we're confusing you or if I'm confusing you with that, Vivek.
Vivek Arya: No. Not at all. I just wanted to clarify. For the second one, on the gross margin upside, how much of a benefit could you get from just the CSPG being down in terms of mix? So kind of that being a headwind, you know, versus the benefit from, you know, perhaps shipping more from Malaysia. So is there a point at which CSPG starts to grow and that becomes a headwind to gross margins? I guess back to the can gross margin sort of sustain at these levels. What are the positives or negatives? And is a 50% line of sight for you right now?
Doug Bettinger: Listen. CSPG moving around really doesn't do a lot relative to the variability in gross margin right now. That's not kind of when I go to the reconciliation, anything I'm seeing. Frankly, here's an interesting observation I had as I was prepping for earnings that might be interesting for you guys to think about too. If you go back to late 2022, and that was kind of the last time we're at these revenue levels, gross margin was 45 to 46% and now we're 48, 49%. At that period of time, the overall geographic mix was fairly similar to what we're seeing today. And so if you think about it, over that time frame, what's changed? What's changed is our close-to-customer strategy. Right? That's up with the gross margin, frankly, if you normalize for everything, I don't know, 200 basis points, maybe even a little bit more. It's come from what we've done with the company, frankly. So I think Tim and I feel really good about that. That's the strategy we executed. It's benefiting customers too because we're closer. We can turn things more quickly, and frankly, we can do it more affordably. So that's the big reason over the last several years that gross margin has performed the way it has. That's the most important thing to be thinking about from my point of view.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yep. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Blaine Curtis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Blaine Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I actually want to ask, I know you probably already know the answer. You said things hadn't really changed since the tariff. Just kind of curious your conversation with customers. I mean, there's some sense people think, hey. They'll pull in ahead of tariffs. The other sense is demand destruction and maybe we'll rethink their capacity for the second half. So can you walk through what your conversations have been? I know you said overall nothing changed, but I'm just kind of curious how customers are thinking about this.
Tim Archer: Sure. I'll take a shot at it. Obviously, as I mentioned in my comments, we've been having a lot of conversations with customers to check in for changes. I think over the time frame though in which we've been operating, which is essentially kind of two months, less than two months with this session around tariffs. Customers really are not haven't thought about really what they would be looking for for the demand changes. Those are gonna occur over a longer period of time. These projects are multiyear investments. They've thought through them. In many cases, they're technology investments to ensure that they have the right products. We spent a lot of time on our February Investor Day talking about the debate around NAND bits and the need. And I think we were trying to make the case at that point of independent of end demand, you need a higher quality, more capable bit to compete for the types of applications that are needed in AI. I think you say that same thing on Foundry Logic. You see the same thing in for the investments being made in advanced packaging. And so maybe there's a little bit of a disconnect between a true end demand discussion and a technology positioning. And a fair bit of the momentum that we're talking about for our business is really coming from engaging customers at the leading edge. Where I think strategically, they feel they don't have as much of a choice but to continue to invest in those areas to make sure they're as competitive as they can be. That's a broad statement. It may vary customer by customer, but it's how we are engaged with our customers to make sure that however this plays out, they are competitive in their markets, and Lam is positioned with the tools that we've been investing for years to place in those fabs to help them.
Blaine Curtis: Excellent. And then for my second, I just want to ask, Doug, in terms of the guidance on the gross margin, is there any impact from tariffs? It's a little bit confusing. A minimum tariff. I know we have the 90-day reprieve, but just kind of curious if you factored in anything.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Blaine, there absolutely is an impact, but it's contemplating that based on everything we know and everything we understand, it's contemplated in that guidance of 49.5%. But I don't want to communicate there's not an impact. There is absolutely an impact.
Blaine Curtis: Okay. But is there any way to quantify it or you don't want to go there?
Doug Bettinger: I'm not gonna go there.
Blaine Curtis: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yep. You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Two follow-ups. Is there any way we could think about WFE in terms of strategic investment versus technology upgrade, which could also be a strategic versus maintenance? And then separately, highlighting wafer capacity addition. And I'm asking you this question because if you think about all the questions that have been asked put to you over the past half an hour, it either has to do with China or sensitivity of the $100 billion WFE to macro picture. And I'm trying to understand how we could better think about the downside risk which could be mostly related to wafer capacity at. Any color will be great, and I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Mehdi, I think, you know, I acknowledge what you're saying. We think most of the questions have come in this area, but, you know, if you look at where I focused most of my prepared remarks, it's on Lam's long-term outperformance and even outperformance in this year. And that's simply because what really matters, you know, from our company perspective and both the short term and long term is product alignment to the key technology roadmaps of our customers in the industry, how we enable that, how we get both products out. You know, we're only two months removed from our investor day, where we described an opportunity to significantly outperform the industry in terms of served market expansion as deposition and etch intensity grows, and also to gain share because we have a unique opportunity to increase our served market faster in some of the key markets like Foundry Logic. And so, you know, when we look at this year, and I think both Doug and I said, pleased with the execution of the company. I think a lot of it, of course, is around the financial performance, but even more so, it's around the seeds we're planting for future outperformance in the latest R&D fabs, the latest strategic investments, and I think that is ultimately what is more important to Lam's future regardless of where WFE happens to be in any given year. And so I like your question, and it's like, it's what we tried to address with our scripted remarks.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. Thank you. And a follow-up for Doug. I just take the midpoint of the June quarter guide, it seems to me that the operating drop-through margin of like, almost 90% is reflecting all the investment of the past couple of years, and now there is limited increase in limited incremental increase in operating margin and this is how you're gonna scale incremental increase in revenue. Is that the right way to think about sustainability of the margin?
Doug Bettinger: I guess maybe what I'd point out is that we're growing R&D. We're growing R&D because we see these amazingly unique opportunities for us to continue to outperform. Right? The intensity of etch and deposition is growing. And so we're putting our foot on the gas a little bit relative to growing R&D. Because we see an opportunity to continue to expand the addressable market as well as gain share. Absolutely not apologizing for this because as I pointed out, this is an all-time record level of operating margin for this company. I think, Kevin, I feel extraordinarily good about what we're delivering right now. So and we want to keep doing that. And so we're investing to make that happen.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yeah. And that captures the incremental drop-through that you're capturing here.
Doug Bettinger: It's part of it. Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Mehdi.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Yeah. Thank you. I wonder if I could ask a little bit more on CSBG kind of flat for the year. You said Reliant is a headwind. Can you just give us a sense for the rank order of the subsegments within CSBG? How big is Reliant now? And is there also a headwind on the service spares from some of the restrictions in China?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Of course. There's no customers that all of a sudden became restricted. We can no longer provide service and spares. So that factors into this too. But I mean, what you have going on is we described the point of view that China's down as a percent of total year over year. So that's the reliance statement. Right? A lot of the tools going in China are reliant. And then we have this amazing upgrade business right now that's showing up especially in NAND. Right? Not just NAND, but it's quite strong in NAND. And so when you think about those two things kind of offsetting each other, overall utilization year over year is stronger. So that's beneficial for spares and service. There's a lot of moving pieces in here. Spares continues to be the biggest individual component of CSBG, and then, you know, upgrades are growing a bunch this year and Reliant is down.
Tim Archer: Yeah. And the only thing I would add is, again, just like for many years, we were viewed as strong in NAND, and we've certainly made investments to broaden our portfolio quite successfully in foundry logic and DRAM. In the services side as well, you know, we've talked a lot about Reliant. We've talked a lot about upgrades. But you're starting to hear us talk a lot more about intelligent services. Equipment intelligence, cobots, the types of capabilities that our customers are going to need especially as they think about expanding their global manufacturing presence. Where there might not be as many people who are skilled at bringing up and ramping an advanced manufacturing fab. And so we think things like cobots, equipment intelligence, use of AI to make sure our engineers are equipped to troubleshoot and repair those tools faster. Those are things that are gonna allow us to then perhaps grow our services business to be even a larger portion of that total CSBG. And that's a real focus for us.
Joe Moore: That's helpful. Thank you. And within Reliant, you know, that used to be kind of a refurbished tools business. And then, you know, for a while, everything was so tight that there were no refurbished tools, so it was all new tools. Like, can you just is there anything changing in that business? Is that how much of that is kind of, you know, new tools? And are you seeing the refurbishment kind of come back in picture there on Reliant?
Doug Bettinger: No. It's still all new tools. There's really not any refurbishment in the industry today. Not really.
Tim Archer: That's right. There's very little. And in fact, I mean, this is the, you know, we refer a lot more to specialty technologies as well, which, you know, sometimes is the use of these tools for, you know, really new applications in those more mature fabs.
Joe Moore: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: The next question is from Tom O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tom O'Malley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had a broader one. So I think you guys said at Analyst Day that if you look at the upgrades of existing equipment, you thought it was about a $40 billion WFE opportunity. Obviously, if you look at the NAND industry, like, the backdrop here is that you may have some impacts to consumer spend, etcetera. And when you look at, like, that handoff, how long do you think that you can continue to grow on the NAND front before you start to get some greenfield kick in or some new equipment? Kick in versus the replacements? Any context around that would be super helpful.
Tim Archer: Oh, boy. That's a little bit of a difficult question. I thought you were going in the direction of how long will it take us to get through that $40 billion of upgrades, but which at the Analyst Day, we gave a range. I think we said it could be anywhere from a few years to more than that. But, you know, I think, again, some of these things are in market dependent and we've talked in the past about the importance of getting the NAND technology up to a point where it can play a significant role in the AI data center and some of the enterprise SSD. That's one of the areas where there is more demand, it seems, and more investment. So, you know, I think that it's a little too early for us to say. Like, say, we're two months beyond that view of $40 billion, and we think it still plays out over the next three, four, five years over that period of time. And I think that, you know, it's we're moving. I think the most important for Lam is it's not just upgrades, but as we talked, it's also a lot of the new tools that are needed to enable those higher layer counts. And that's really, I think, means we see both upgrades, but also really SAM expansion and share gain opportunities as a result of those technology investments.
Tom O'Malley: Maybe just a tangent off of that question is maybe as demand declines, you'll see increases to capacity coming offline, so more underutilization. In your conversations with customers, is that a linear relationship with how much capacity is taken offline and the desire to do more upgrades, aka, like, if you see more underutilization from your customers, do you think that they will be more inclined to do more upgrades? Or is this the amount of upgrades that you're expecting kind of not gonna change depending on utilization?
Tim Archer: Well, we've said that in the past, and I think in most instances, it has been true. Obviously, the last NAND down cycle was so severe that I think we saw the tools stay offline longer than we might have expected. But I do believe that generally, those things kind of are kind of countercyclical to each other. When you see utilization fall, the next up cycle will usually come up at a different technology node, which means upgrades will have occurred and Lam will have captured some of that revenue.
Tom O'Malley: Thanks, Tom.
Doug Bettinger: Operator, we're gonna take one more questioner.
Operator: And that question will come from Tim Scholes Milander with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Tim Scholes Milander: Yeah. Hi. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Maybe the first one just on CSBG. You've talked about upgrades up, relying down. Maybe you could just give us a little bit of color on the spares just kind of how that was tracking sequentially, and any color you have on the utilization rates of your fleet and then have a quick follow-up.
Doug Bettinger: Listen. Spares are doing well. Right? I mean, timber con grew last year. The incremental opportunity to sell more spares is up. Utilization is trending favorably. So that drives spares to be doing reasonably well, Tim.
Tim Scholes Milander: Okay. That's great. And then maybe just on the NAND upgrade opportunity, just as you look out maybe over a longer term, maybe one or two years, you just maybe kind of break that up for us? Just kind of how does that split between upgrades sales and OE sales? Is it like pretty equal, or is it skewed one way or the other? Over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think that as time progresses, I think you'll see, you know, it become more balanced. I mean, as we said, it's a combination of upgrades to the existing tools that are already there to be able to accomplish higher layer counts. And immediately, you need to also add additional tools to provide the types of technologies that are needed to deliver higher layer counts. And so already, it's a mix, but I think as you move forward and I think one of the previous questions is, eventually customers might even start developing new sites as they get better line of sight to stronger demand in the future. Then the new equipment sales would kick in as well. So it's already a mix, and I think it will continue to be a mix for the next several years when we work through that $40 billion upgrade opportunity.
Tim Scholes Milander: Got it. Pretty helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Operator, with that, we're going to complete the call. Thank you, everybody, for joining us today, and I'm sure we'll see a lot of you guys during the remainder of the quarter.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2025-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Lam Research December 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ram Ganesh, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ram Ganesh : Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the December 2024 quarter and our outlook for the March 2025 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 p.m. Pacific time. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section on the company's website, along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. Pacific time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer : Thank you, Ram, and thank you all for joining the call today. Lam closed out 2024 with another solid performance. December quarter revenue, gross margin, operating margin, and EPS were all above our guidance midpoints, reflecting strong and consistent operational execution. Wafer fabrication equipment spending for 2024 finished in-line with the mid $90 billion range we guided earlier in the year. Overall, 2024 was a good year for Lam, even as NAND spending remained at muted levels. System revenues in both DRAM and Foundry Logic grew to record highs, and the size of our installed base increased to approximately 96,000 chambers. Our results show that we are making good progress on our strategy of broadening Lams exposure across end market device segments. It also demonstrates the increasing strength of our product portfolio as semiconductors move into the AI era. For example, gate all around and advanced packaging technologies are critical enablers for AI device manufacturing, including GPUs and high bandwidth memory. They are also highly deposition and etch intensive. And as a result, we saw Lam's shipments for gate all around nodes and advanced packaging each grow to exceed $1 billion in 2024. In calendar 2025, we see WFE spending rising slightly to approximately $100 billion. Again, we expect technology inflections to lead to faster growth for Lam. As AI applications demand greater device and package level performance. In 2025, Lam shipments to gate all-around nodes and advanced packaging combined should be well over $3 billion. Customer migration towards backside power distribution and dry-resist processing technologies will add further opportunity in the coming year. As we look forward, we view the increasing importance of deposition and etch technology as a differentiator for Lam and an opportunity to outperform. With this in mind, we have made strategic investments over the past few years to expand our R&D infrastructure, scale our organization, and transform our innovation process for greater speed. We are now seeing these investments yield important product advances. Our recently introduced Cryo 3.0 technology is winning at the leading etch, delivering best-in-class results for high-aspect ratio dielectric etch applications on our latest Vantex CX+ product and also helping extend the capabilities of our large flex installed base through Cryo upgrades. Our breakthrough dry resist capability for EUV is enabling patterning of extremely fine devices, [features] (ph) with greater precision, reduced defectivity, higher productivity, and reduced environmental impact. You may have seen that earlier today we announced that our Aether dry-resist solution has achieved a major milestone, having just been selected as the production tool of record for high bandwidth DRAM at a leading memory customer. Technology inflections in DRAM and Foundry Logic combined with an upgrade-focused NAND environment create what we believe is a unique setup for Lam to outgrow WFE spending and strengthen our bottom-line in calendar 2025. In NAND, the industry is looking to transition the current installed capacity to higher layer counts to achieve better device performance at lower bit cost. Here, several trends play to our favor. One is the transition to Molybdenum or Moly. Lam's patented multi-station sequential deposition technology allows us to employ a differentiated liner and fill process sequence that is proving to be a winner with customers. The momentum for our new Moly product is strong. A second trend is the adoption of carbon gapfill to enable higher bit density and lower cost through multi-tier stacking. Our innovative PCVD-based pure carbon gapfill process provides high etch selectivity, superior mechanical properties, and simplified dry process removability. While we are in the early innings of these transitions, and early in the industry upgrade cycle overall, we expect adoption of Moly and Carbon gapfill to drive several hundred million dollars in NAND shipments for Lam in calendar 2025. Lam's opportunity will grow even further in future years as more of the million plus wafer starts per month installed capacity converts to higher layer counts. The differentiation we're delivering for customers runs deeper than the process technology itself. Our Semiverse Solutions capabilities, apply advanced modeling, simulation, data science, analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to further enhance our equipment performance and reduce the time needed for process optimization. This is strengthening our competitiveness and most recently we used our Semiverse solutions capabilities to successfully defend the key dielectric etch application at a major memory manufacturer. Furthermore, we are leveraging these capabilities to help address the semiconductor industry's global workforce shortage. Through collaborations with universities in the United States, India, and Korea, Semiverse Solution software is already being used to educate the next generation of semiconductor industry innovators. And our goal is to provide access to Lams semiconductor simulation technology to tens of thousands of aspiring engineering students through the rest of the decade. In CSBG, our equipment intelligence and in-fab service automation solutions are seeing significant traction with customers. Last month, we announced the industry's first collaborative maintenance robot. Since then, we have shipped our Dextro Cobot to a third major memory manufacturer, and it is being installed in their fab as part of a multi-year services agreement. Over the next decade, the semiconductor industry is expected to witness a strong expansion of fab capacity globally, and cobot technology offers an important and cost-effective solution to enable precise and repeatable maintenance beyond what human workers alone can achieve. Lastly, our strategic investments in scaling our operations are paying-off. Our Asia operations continue to ramp very efficiently and in 2024 help drive meaningful improvement in both our responsiveness to rising customer demand and our gross margin. Doug will provide some additional detail in his prepared remarks, but as a headline, I am pleased we delivered in calendar 2024, approximately 160 basis points of operating margin expansion, even as we invested heavily in new products and infrastructure to fuel future growth. So to wrap up, Lam is in a strong position as we enter the new year. Deposition and etch are becoming increasingly vital to semiconductor manufacturing and we have made key investments to strengthen Lam's product portfolio. I look forward to sharing more on this at our upcoming investor day. Thank you and I'll now pass it on to Doug.
Doug Bettinger : Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today during what I know is a very busy earnings season. We delivered strong financial results in calendar year 2024 with revenue of $16.2 billion and diluted earnings per share of $3.36. We're obviously pleased with the company's continued strong execution. For calendar year 2024, CSBG revenue increased 11% to $6.6 billion, exceeding our expectations. Gross margin came in at 48.2%, which was the highest annual result since Lam merged with Novellus in 2013. Let's look at the details of our December quarter financial results. Our revenue, gross margin, operating margin and earnings per share were all above the midpoint of our guided range. Revenue for the December quarter was $4.38 billion, which was an increase of 5% from the prior quarter. Our deferred revenue balance at quarter end was $2 billion, essentially flat with the September quarter. I do believe our deferred revenue balance will trend lower into calendar year 2025, but will likely fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. From a market segment perspective, December quarter systems revenue in memory was 50%, up from 35% in the prior quarter. Within memory, non-volatile memory increased coming in at 24% of our systems revenue, up from 11% in the prior quarter. This market segment has reached the high point since the end of 2022, driven by NAND spending on tech conversions from 1xx-layer class devices to 256 layer. We expect these conversions to continue in calendar year 2025. DRAM represented 26% of systems revenue compared with 24% in the September quarter. DRAM spending was focused on tech upgrades to the 1-alpha, 1-beta and some initial ramp of 1-gamma nodes to enable DDR5 and high-bandwidth memory. HPM investments in our tools enabling through silicon via capability continues to be strong. Foundry represented 35% of our systems revenue a decrease from the percentage concentration in the September quarter of 41%. Growth for gate-all-around node spending partially offset the decline in mature node spending. The Logic and Other Markets segment was 15% of our systems revenue in the December quarter down from the prior quarter level of 24%. The decrease was driven by reduced spending in both leading-edge, as well as specialty technology nodes. Now I'll discuss the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region accounted for 31%, which was down from 37% in the prior quarter. Most of our China revenue continue to come from domestic Chinese customers. The next largest geographic concentration was Korea at 25% of revenue in the December quarter, an increase compared with the September quarter level of 18%. And finally Taiwan and the United States rounded out the remainder of the top four regions. The Customer Support Business Group generated almost $1.8 billion in revenue for the December quarter consistent with the September quarter and 20% higher than the same period in 2023. Sequentially, growth in upgrade revenue largely offset the decline that we saw in Reliant Systems. While spares in the Reliant product line continue to be the two largest components of CSBG revenue generation, we achieved record upgrade revenue, demonstrating the strength of that growing installed base. Turning to gross margin performance. The December quarter came in at 47.5%, which was above the midpoint of our guided range, but was down from the September quarter level of 48.2%. This was primarily a result of unfavorable customer mix, which we foreshadowed in the last earnings call. We've improved elements of our cost structure during the past two years and expanded the gross margin contribution from our Asia operation strategies by a little more than 100 basis points as we exited calendar year 2024. We expect incremental benefit to gross margins, as we continue to scale production on a go-forward basis from this strategy. Operating expenses for December were in-line with our expectations at $735 million up from the prior quarter amount of $722 million. The increase was primarily due to higher incentive compensation tied to the company's increased profitability. R&D accounted for 67% of total operating expenses. Operating margin in the current quarter was 30.7%, a little bit below the September quarter level of 30.9% and near the high end of our guidance range, primarily because of that higher revenue and the stronger gross margin performance. And I'd just reiterate what Tim mentioned that we delivered 160 basis point improvement in operating margin for calendar year 2024. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 13.2%, within range of our expectations. Our estimate for the March 2025 quarter is for the tax rate to be in the low to mid-teens range. Other income and expense for the December quarter came in at $11 million in income compared with $13 million in income in the September quarter. The slight fluctuation in OI&E was due to lower interest income, which was somewhat offset by lower foreign exchange losses and a little bit of gain in equity investments. OI&E will continue to be subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility quarter-to-quarter. And as we sit here today, I do believe OI&E will have a slight negative bias in the March quarter. On the capital return side of things, we allocated approximately $650 million to open market share repurchases, and we paid $298 million in dividends in the December quarter. For the 2024 calendar year, we returned 98% of free cash flow totaling $4 billion, which was at the high end of our long-term capital return plans of 75% to 100% of free cash flow. For the December quarter, diluted earnings per share came in at $0.91. The diluted share count was roughly 1.29 billion shares, which was a reduction from the September quarter. During 2024, we repurchased nearly 34 million shares through our share buyback program, and we have $9.2 billion remaining on our board-authorized share repurchase plan. Let me [pivot to] (ph) the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments totaled $5.7 billion at the end of the December quarter, down from $6.1 billion at the end of the September quarter. The main driver of the cash decrease was obviously our capital return activity. This sales outstanding was 69 days in the December quarter, an increase from 64 days in the September quarter. Inventory at the December quarter end totaled $4.4 billion, a slight increase from the September quarter, as we prepare for higher revenues in the March 2025 quarter. Inventory turns were 2.1 times flat from the prior quarter level. We will continue to manage inventory levels to the best of our ability to align with customer demand. We are pleased to announce that we upsized our revolving credit facility from $1.5 billion to $2 billion. Additionally, I just mentioned that we have $500 million of unsecured notes maturing in March this year, which we intend to simply pay-off using cash on the balance sheet. We may choose to refinance this notional amount in the future, as we continue to monitor the interest rate environment. By bolstering our liquidity with the credit facility we've created some optionality and flexibility here. Non-cash expenses for the December quarter included approximately $82 million of equity compensation, $83 million in depreciation and $13 million in amortization. Capital expenditures in the December quarter were $188 million, up $78 million from the September quarter. Spending was mainly centered on lab related investments in the United States and Asia and manufacturing facilities supporting our global strategy to be close to customers' development and manufacturing locations. We ended the December quarter with approximately 18,300 regular full-time employees, which is an increase of approximately 600 people from the prior quarter. Growth was predominantly in field and factory roles to support increased tool installation as well as growing manufacturing activities. Now let's turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the March 2025 quarter. We are expecting revenue of $4.65 billion, plus or minus $300 million. Gross margin up 48%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. We anticipate roughly consistent levels of customer concentration. Operating margin of 32%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This guidance accounts for the normal seasonal increase in operating expenses that we always see at the beginning of calendar year. And finally, earnings per share of $1 plus or minus $0.10, based on a share count of approximately 1.29 billion shares. I would mention that as we look into 2025, we plan to continue to deliver incremental leverage to the bottom-line. At the same time, we will be growing R&D and continuing to grow investment in a digital transformation project that we initially launched in 2023. Each of these investments is expected to enable future financial benefits to the P&L that we plan to show you in February. So let me wrap up. We executed well in calendar year 2024. We delivered 11% growth in CSBG and a 160 basis point improvement in operating margin both of which exceeded our expectations from the beginning of last year. We've made key investments in our product portfolio to drive, served available market and share opportunity, and we've grown the global infrastructure to collaborate and deliver innovative solutions for our customers. We also grew spending in that digital transformation program. We look forward to sharing more details on the strength of our product portfolio, as well as an updated long-term financial model at our Investor Day in New York City on February 19. We hope to see you there. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Tim Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tim Arcuri : Thanks a lot. Doug, can you speak about the gross margin? The guidance is pretty good. And you talked about Malaysia now is turning to a tailwind. And I know that the China mix is basically reset. So how to think about the puts and takes for gross margin as you move March and through the rest of the year?
Doug Bettinger : Yes. Tim, I think we are going to be in a pretty tight range kind of where we've been in the last quarter, plus or minus a little bit. And the puts and takes, as you know, because we've talked about this in the past. You are going to continue to see some headwinds from customer concentration. I think there is more headwind as we go through the year, most likely offset to a certain extent by that Asia operation strategy. So those are the things to think about, I wouldn't run away from where we are right now, though, in fact, maybe trim a little just a little tiny bit as we go through the year.
Tim Arcuri : Got it. And then can you give any color? I know you're saying that WFE is going to be up maybe $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion year-over-year. But can you provide any color by end market? I know -- and I've asked this before, but one of your peers is talking about NAND basically doubling this year. So can you give any color there? And do you think that it is possible that it doubles this year? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Tim, maybe I'll unpack it just a little bit of color. We are not going to give specific details. But NAND will be up this year. I don't know if it's going to double necessarily. Understand also though that NAND spending, there will be a little bit of NAND spending that will occur in China with the customer we can't sell to. So that may be a little different from the peer youre asking about. I think leading edge foundry is going to be pretty strong this year. I think thats pretty well understood. And DRAM will be, plus or minus, come up a very strong year last year. I think it will continue to be pretty strong this year.
Tim Arcuri: Thank you Doug.
Doug Bettinger : Yeah, thanks Tim.
Operator: The next question is from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar : Hi, thanks for taking my question. First one, Doug, I had for you was kind of, a, on China, what is kind of your visibility in terms of lead times? And also, can you help us quantify the impact of these recent China export controls for Lam in calendar 2025, and then I have a follow-up.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Krish, our lead times really haven't changed too much. And I don't know you're asking specific to China, but China is no different than the rest of the world. Geographically, lead times are pretty much the same. And yes, obviously, in early December, there were some new regulations that came out restricting a handful of customers that certainly impacted us. The forecast we had from that group of customers was probably, well, I don't know, $700 million or so that obviously we won't be able to ship to those customers. And that revenue footprint when we were looking at the forecast originally would have been a little bit second half weighted in 2025. So that's the way to think about it. I don't know that that's all that different than what you've heard from our peers, Krish.
Krish Sankar : Got it. That's very helpful for quantifying that, Doug. And then just a quick follow-up. You spoke about your WFE growing maybe 4%, 5% this year on a year-over-year basis. How do you think about the split between systems and CSBG in March and how that evolves through the rest of the year?
Doug Bettinger : I'm not going to get into the detail of kind of how much is CSBG and how much is systems. I would tell you that there's some headwinds in CSBG related to the Reliant grouping, right? I think that's pretty well understood. There's not a huge amount of spending in mature node outside of China. And then within China, we've got a handful of customers that, like I said, are not restricted. Offset, though, it's going to be a strong year for upgrades, and we've been talking about that, right? We believe NAND spending is going to be largely upgrade related, and that's going to benefit the upgrade product line within CSBG.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks a lot Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, thanks Krish.
Operator: The next question is from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse : Yeah. Thank you for taking the question. I guess to maybe piggyback on that question. Could you speak to if you had to rank order by product or upgrade or whatnot, how we should be thinking about what are the biggest kind of incremental drivers for you? I think you talked about gate-all-around and advanced package and growing an incremental $1 billion in calendar '25. Could you kind of add to that in terms of NAND upgrades, moly? Anything else that is relevant that we should be thinking about in '25?
Tim Archer : Yes, C.J., let me start with that one. I think that from perspective of kind of the most impactful change year-on-year, I think for us, it's NAND. It's the -- it's NAND starting to come back. And again, the very strong position we have within every dollar spent on a NAND upgrade. And that's kind of across the board, the etch tools and such that need to be upgraded. But at the same time, on the last call, I mentioned this point that about two-thirds of the [bits] (ph) are still being manufactured on nodes below 200 layers. And what happens as you move above 200 layers is not only do you have to upgrade the existing tools, but you have to start adding additional tools to deal with the complexity of that transition. And so that's why we talk about like the new carbon gapfill tool, which is key to multi-tier stacking, which you start to see in the 200, 300 layer generations. And as you get to 300 layers and beyond, you start seeing new tools get added like moly, that transition. So it depends on which customer and exactly which transitions they are switching to but NAND from welcome upgrade and new tool shipment is probably our largest year-on-year difference. But there's no doubt that our strong position in advanced packaging and the strength that Doug alluded to within leading edge foundry and what that means for advanced packaging continues to show growth there. And so I feel like, as I said, there is a nice setup here where many of the areas we've been investing in, really are starting to come together this year.
C.J. Muse : That's very helpful. I guess as a follow-up, and Doug, I'm not sure you are going to want to answer this. But if I were to annualize implied shipments for March, that would suggest pretty meaningful top-line growth year-on-year relative to the WFE growth that you outlined. So should we be thinking about revenues lower in the second half? Or are you really highlighting tremendous outperformance in 2025?
Doug Bettinger : Yes. I don't know, C.J., I'm not going to answer that question. So you kind of answered your own question. I'm going to get into giving you a quarter-by-quarter guidance. Listen, WFE is going to grow a little bit. We're going to outperform WFE. We're confident about making those statements. We've been making it for a little bit of time now. The rest of it will depend on profile of spending and so forth. I don't know if you just annualize March, if that's the right way to look at it. Like I said, we are going to guide one quarter at a time. You got to do a little of your own pencil work. Don't lose sight of what I did say, though, about the second half weighting of some of that China customer that all of a sudden, we can't ship to any longer, that would have been a little bit second half weighted. So comprehend that as you build your model for the year.
C.J. Muse: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger : Thanks C.J.
Operator: The next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur : Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On advanced packaging and high bandwidth memory, I know you guys started last year with a view that your Advanced Packaging business would do about $700 million, $800 million in revenues on the April earnings call. You upped that to $1 billion, and then that number was further up to over $1 billion. Can you guys just show us up what was the actual revenue you drove in calendar 2024 on Advanced Packaging? And then with this demand growth for HBM targeted to grow 50%, 70% per year over the next couple of years. The move from 8 high to 12 high. You've got the move in advanced packing from 2.5D to 3D SOIC, like how should we think about your advanced packaging/HBM growth profile for this year? And in general, over the next few years, sort of how do we think about the mid-to-longer term growth profile?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Harlan, maybe I'll chime in and let Tim add on. Yes, I mean, I'm not going to give you a precise number, but in 2024, we finished above $1 billion. I don't think that surprises you. And I'm not going to give you a precise number for this year, but it is certainly going to grow again in 2025, and it is being driven by all those things you talked about, right, HBM3 going to 3D to potentially go into 4 at the end of the year, 8 going to 12, going to 16 die, we do all that TSV. So we're set up to do really well. We're pretty excited about it. I don't know, Tim, if you want to.
Tim Archer : No. I think, Harlan, the only thing I'd add is that we've been saying for a while that and I think you've been hearing it in the marketplace, advanced packaging and getting the yield and productivity right on these processes isn't easy. And so this is where Lam has a critical process supplier with expertise in things like copper plating and etching, where we're delivering value. So we feel very good about our positions. And we are going to continue to grow with that market and then do very well. So I can't put an exact number on it, but again, we did indicate we will grow again this year. And I think, that's about all we can say.
Harlan Sur : That's helpful. And then for Doug, this is the third, fourth consecutive quarter where your gross margins are coming in better than expected, continued strength on the guidance for the March quarter, right? Overall, sustainability and growth of our gross margins has been very, very solid. I've actually been surprised at how rapidly you've ramped your Malaysia manufacturing facility, low-cost geography, you've got strategically aligned supplier base in this region. At the same time, you guys have also I think consolidated a significant part of the higher cost manufacturing base. So is it fair to assume that on incremental revenue growth going forward, most of -- this is flowing through Malaysia and so better incremental gross margin flow through? And maybe any way to help us kind of quantify that?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, I'm not going to quantify it. I mean I just gave you a number, right, that we've delivered over 100 basis points from the strategy already. There's a little bit more to go for sure. Don't lose sight of the fact, though, that we are going to have the headwind from customer mix that we've been talking about for a while. So I'm trying to telegraph that to you as well. I guess yes, listen, we are pretty pleased with our performance on gross margin. Frankly, this was all done by us, right? This was a proactive strategy, things turned down in early '23. We jumped on the horse and started riding down the trail. And frankly, the guys and gals in our global operations organization have done a phenomenal job here, right? So super happy with what's going on. We're going to keep driving this but don't run away with it too much right now because like I said, we've got that customer concentration headwind that we got to deal with here.
Tim Archer : And Harlan, the only thing I would add is that I think that you should take away from this that Lam is committed to make investments to see a sustainable step-up in performance. And that's what we did. Doug, for many quarters was talking about how Malaysia was a headwind. That investment we're making as we ramped it and it wasn't yet up and going. And now you're seeing a little bit of the same thing with the investment we keep talking about digital transformation. There's going to be a period here where we are investing but long term, we have a view that this company and the semiconductor industry in general are going to be bigger, and we want to have fundamental improvements in our operations and in our cost structure. And so I think Malaysia is a great sign of what weve done. And I think the digital transformation is something thats still yet to come, and it just shows that we have a very long-term commitment to improving the financials of this company.
Harlan Sur : Yeah, thanks Tim, thanks Doug.
Tim Archer: Thanks Harlan.
Operator: The next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari : Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. I had two as well. The first one, the outperformance relative to WFE you guys expect to deliver this year. Is that mostly a function of dep and etch growing as a percentage of the overall WFE market? Or is it that plus you guys winning share in -- within dep and etch. And if it's both on the latter, which applications do you guys have the highest expectations from a market share gain perspective?
Tim Archer : Well, it is both. But as we've described in the past that often the way we look at market share gains is the wins of new applications, some of which didn't exist before. And so it's not always a head-to-head fight that results and one winner for an application. I gave an example of that with the carbon gapfill, new application that gets created simply because of the growing complexity of peer stacking in NAND. Ultimately, that results in share gain as measured by our share of our SAM and also our share of the market itself. So there are a number of those. I think there are pure market share wins. We talked about, obviously, our Aether announcement today. where that win is created through SAM expansion where we move into markets where we previously haven't competed before and do become the tool of record based on superior technology and product performance. And so it's hard -- it really is a makeup of many different things as to why we think we outperform, but it's really driven by what you said at the beginning. Etch and deposition are becoming incredibly more important to the building of these complex structures, whether it's gate-all-around, it's the advanced packaging, 3D structures. It's the new architectures in DRAM. It's the multi-tier stacking and NAND. All of those are accomplished through new, very complex etch and dep processes that Lam is leading in.
Toshiya Hari : Got it. That's great. Thank you. And then for CSBG, maybe for Doug, I know you are not going to guide the full year. The spares part of the business upgrade part of the business. Historically, it's been obviously correlated with your chamber account, which continues to grow. Is there a way to think about Reliant in '25, on a year-over-year basis?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Reliant is probably going to be down year-over-year, Toshi, as I think about puts and takes, and that's -- I don't think that's surprising, right? If you look at what's going on in specialty node investment, mature node investment in areas like analog, [micro-controllers] (ph), there's not a lot of spending occurring outside of China. And then I think China WFE is going to be softer year-over-year, '24 to '25, and we lost a handful of customers as well. So that will contribute to all of that there relative to Reliant. Offsetting that, though, I think it's going to be a good upgrade year, right? We've been talking about that. Such that right now, if I was giving you a little bit of color to think about CSBG, we are probably flattish, again, plus or minus. And we'll keep giving you updates as we go through the year as things change.
Tim Archer : Yes. And Toshi, the only thing I'd add on CSBG is obviously, we recognize that each of the different components of CSBG sort of move around. So maybe it's helpful to think about the areas that ultimately are long-term future growers. And the one we've highlighted recently that I talked about today is how you use equipment intelligence and cobots and other things to disrupt the way in which service is done inside the fab and therefore, capture some of that value, while still delivering a lot of productivity to the customer. So I think that's an area that still is less tapped, I would say, than our spares and upgrades and Reliant business that we talked about so much. And so there's still a lot of opportunity to come there as we start to roll out these new products onto new platforms and into fabs.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thank you.
Tim Archer : Thank you Toshiya.
Operator: The next question is from Srini Pajjuri with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Srinivas Pajjuri : Thank you. Doug, I just want to clarify the previous answer you gave on CSBG. So when you say flattish, are we talking calendar '24 being flattish? Or is that -- I mean, sorry, calendar '25 being flattish? Or is it fiscal or are you talking sequentially for the next few quarters, I guess?
Doug Bettinger : Calendar '25. I never talk about fiscal year, almost never. It is year-over-year. You should think of CSBG in total as flattish.
Srinivas Pajjuri : Got it. Thank you for that. And then my question maybe for Tim, is on Moly B, I know you said several hundred million dollars of contribution. I'm just trying to reconcile what we are hearing from your customers, Tim, obviously, demand is not great and the utilization levels are lower and some customers are actually lowering their factory loadings. So maybe you can help us how broad-based of a transition are you seeing? Is it like a handful of customers? I know there are only a handful of customers, but yes. If you could give us some additional color as to how do you feel about the sustainability of Moly B as we go through the year? That will be helpful. Thank you.
Tim Archer : Yes. I think it's the sustainability. I mean we are -- we've talked about the fact that, like I mentioned on the last call, the large number of the industry bits. We said two-thirds of the bits still being manufactured under 200 layers. Those are all nodes, those are all bits being manufactured without moly. And so over time, and we've said this is a multi, multiyear transition. As you start to move this million-plus wafer starts per month capacity that exists towards higher layer counts. Now different customers have different intercept points as to when moly comes in, whether it's exactly what layer count. I can't go into that detail customer by customer. But what it says is we're going to see moly coming in as each customer reaches that transition point. Now how do we reconcile the fact that customers are spending to go to higher layer counts and introduce new technologies like moly and carbon gapfill with their statements as well that they might be wanting to cut spending. Well, first of all, I mean, upgrades are a very efficient way to move forward the technology. And so that's a reduced WFE means by which to get bits to higher layer counts. And frankly, higher layer counts result in lower bid cost for manufacturing and higher performance. And for certain end applications, you need higher performance to meet those requirements. And so I think that this is not a very broad and large upgrade move but it's the early signs, and that's why we are starting to see improvement in our numbers. But over the next several years, you'll continue to see moly contribute more and more, as the number of wafers at those higher layer counts continues to increase.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya : Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, Just one or 2 clarifications. Why will CSBG be flat this year? And then how should we think about OpEx growth in calendar '25?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Vivek, it's what I described. We're coming off a pretty strong year for the Reliant product line. That's probably going to be less strong next year. Offsetting that, I believe will be the spending on upgrades kind of based on what Tim just told you, right? There's an aging set of equipment in NAND. There is upgrades other places, too. So that's the up and the down, I guess, is the way to think about it, Vivek that makes sense?
Vivek Arya : Yeah. And the OpEx growth?
Doug Bettinger : Listen, we're going to increase spending this year, right? I talked about we're growing R&D. We're investing in a digital transformation project that's going to deliver future financial benefit. But also listen to what I said in the scripted remarks, we plan to delist some on the leverage this year too, right? We're going to deliver leverage to the P&L. So revenue should grow faster than OpEx is the way to think about it.
Vivek Arya : So last year, Doug, just so OpEx was up mid-teens. Should we assume a similar kind of OpEx growth given the digital transformation projects? Or would it be very different from that run rate?
Doug Bettinger : Yes. Vivek, I'm going to guide you one quarter at a time. You'll get a little bit of leverage from us this year. So that's as much as I'm going to give you right now.
Vivek Arya : Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi thank you for taking my questions. First, a quick clarification that $100 billion WFE number is unrestricted WFE, meaning it includes your expectations, what are your indigenous competitors are going to learn in sales as well? That's the first question.
Doug Bettinger : Atif, it's all in. It's everything, right? There were restricted customers in '24. There were restricted customers in '25. We're describing it all in to the best of our ability.
Atif Malik: Okay. And then, Doug, you made a comment that you're expecting similar customer concentration in the March quarter. And I was wondering if you're expecting similar regional concentration as well. I'm just trying to see if China sales are going to come down again in the March quarter after the drop in the December quarter.
Doug Bettinger : You got to listen to my euphemisms when I described stuff. Customer concentration actually is pretty tied to geographic concentration when I talk about it right now. So you should expect that to be roughly consistent December to March, roughly. I do believe, again we said this on the last call, again China concentration for a year will be down versus '24, in '25.
Atif Malik: Got it. Make sense.
Doug Bettinger : Okay, thanks Atif.
Operator: The next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon : Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Doug, I don't mean to harp on it, but I want to go back to the CSBG outlet flat. So just on a run rate basis, you'd be down like $100 million a quarter versus where you ran in December. And I'm just confused given like the NAND strength that's upgrade driven, presumably, a lot of that would be CSBG. So I wasn't aware that -- I mean, Reliant must be like falling like by a huge amount year-over-year for me to just fit that outlook. I mean, I'm just trying -- what am I getting wrong? Or is there just some conservatism built in there? Or like why is just [indiscernible].
Doug Bettinger : No, there's not conservative. Reliant is going to be down, right? We just lost a bunch of customers in China that largely purchase Reliant systems. So that's part of what's going on, too.
Stacy Rasgon : Okay. So that was the set like did you have $700 million in calendar '24 in CSBG for Reliant in China that goes away in 2025? Was is that so?
Doug Bettinger : Stacy $700 million was our forecasted revenue for that set of customers, what they would have spent in '25. Now they're not spending. And a lot of that would have been Reliant, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon : Okay. Okay. All right. I guess maybe along those lines, again, to go back to the China mix, I mean, you said customer mix, it sounds like the customer headwinds increased as we go through the year. Did I get that right? And if that's true, does that imply that China percentage ought to be going down as we go like into the second half?
Doug Bettinger : I said the China revenue percentage should be down in '25 versus '24.
Stacy Rasgon : I'm talking about versus the current run rate because you talked about the customer headwinds sort of increasing. And it sounds like the rest of the business will grow and you're missing China revenue in the back half. So does that percentage go down in the back half versus where you're running now? Sounds like that's --?
Doug Bettinger : I'm not going to guide more than one quarter at a time because stuff changes. Year-over-year, Stacy, though, it's going to go down.
Stacy Rasgon : All right guys. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore : Great. Thank you. In terms of NAND being the strongest growth business, can you kind of characterize where we are from a NAND WFE basis? And I guess, it's a little surprising because we're seeing these utilization cuts and things like that. And I know you had alluded to technology transitions, but just maybe a little bit more color on why NAND is strong at a time when the economics of NAND seem to be softening?
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, I think that, one, we would characterize the NAND spending today very much is technology migration. And so I think that, as I said comes into play for different reasons. One is it does help reduce bit cost and also improve device performance. And so there are customers that are looking to make some changes there on certain lines they have. Now when we talk about the growth, we haven't obviously given a number for what NAND WFE will be in 2025, but it's coming off of, as you know, a very low base. And if primarily all of the spending this year is on upgrades. Again, the strength in Lam, we spoke specifically about that being a strong grower for Lam, our strongest growing segment, then we would say that  that is because of our very high capture rate of WFE spent on upgrades. And so I can't speak to every customer and what they are going to be spending this year. But all we can say is that there is still a strong desire to move certain lines forward to higher levels of technology, and that's what we're seeing.
Joe Moore: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Tim Archer : Thanks Joe.
Operator: The next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh : Yeah, hi. Just a quick question on the NAND side. Sorry, if I -- somebody asked this question already, I joined late. Nice rebound there. But as you look at the full year, given how much NAND has come down, any thoughts on how much you see NAND growing this year in '25? Calendar '25?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, we're not going to give you a number, Vijay. It's going to be up, though.
Vijay Rakesh : Yes, got it. Okay. And then on the -- can you talk to what you're seeing on the private side, I think you guys have talked about an opportunity with QLC NAND? How do you see that for '25 , I guess?
Tim Archer : Yes. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and we had a release late last year on what we call our Cryo 3.0 technology, which really is a breakthrough in terms of performance for being able to etch very, very deep, very vertical holes for NAND flash memory. And also that same technology can be used for other devices like DRAM that also need higher [spectral dielectric] (ph) etch. And so we're very happy with the progress that's been made. What makes it very attractive is that these -- our Cryo technology can also not only used on new tools going forward, but also used to upgrade existing systems we have in the install base, which is very attractive for our customers financially.
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe Quatrochi : Yes. Thanks for taking the question. For the December quarter, the strength that you saw in NAND revenue, I just wanted to clarify, was there anything in there from the Chinese customer that you can do a longer shift to? I just want to kind of understand the strength that you saw is really the core NAND customer upgrades?
Doug Bettinger : No, there's nothing from a Chinese NAND, indigenous Chinese NAND customer, nothing.
Joe Quatrochi : Okay, helpful. And as a follow-up, as we just think about like the two-thirds of NAND capacity below 200 layers, I mean how should we think about like that trajectory exiting this calendar year in terms of that change of mix?
Tim Archer : Well, I think that's the question that we've been hearing quite a number of times on the call, which is, can we predict the rate and pace. I think you have to look -- the one thing we're certain of is over time, more and more of that installed base will continue to be upgraded to higher levels of technology. I think you have to look at the state of the NAND market, the requirements of each individual end application and with device requirements it holds. And that will tell us a little bit more about the rate and pace. But at this point, we can't really detail that in any way for you right now.
Joe Quatrochi : Okay, thank you.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, thanks Joe.
Operator: The next question is from Tom O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tom OMalley : Hi, thanks for taking the question guys. Doug, I'll test you with one more NAND, one forgive me. I know you've gotten a lot here. So in terms of the upgrades really coming in strong, I think it's actually very impressive that you're able to guide CSBG kind of flattish for the year. Just I was under the assumption that Reliant was a bigger portion of that mix of the bucket. So to totally offset that is surprising, and I guess, very good. But when I look back at like the last three years with where NAND spend has been kind of like the high single-digit billions, I think people are give or take that. But you've seen the market struggle and you really haven't seen this take off in terms of spend. What's driving this above 200-layer upgrade this year? I guess I'm asking the question a bit differently. Like why the urgency just because the numbers you are describing for this next year need to be pretty robust. Just want to understand why that's happening so quickly. It's obviously a really good thing for you.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Tom, I guess it's really what Tim described. The technology thats out there two-thirds of it is sub-200 layer, it needs to get upgraded. Listen, it's not like we're back to the races at peak NAND spending, it's nowhere close to that. But you got enterprise SSDs evolving to need QLC, which needs the capability of structures that are beyond 200 layer, right? You got to get the circuit under the array. You need to have wafer bonding capability and these technologies that are sub-200 layer don't enable that. That's what's going on. In addition to what Tim mentioned earlier, right, when you upgrade, you get a lower cost per bit. And so there's still economics that make sense there to a certain extent. And that's largely what we see going on this year. I don't know, Tim, if you'd add anything?
Tim Archer : No, no, I think that's right.
Doug Bettinger : That makes sense, Tom?
Tom OMalley : It does.
Doug Bettinger : Okay. You have a follow-up Tom?
Tom OMalley : Yes. I guess I'll pivot over to the foundry logic side. Obviously, a smaller percentage of the business we haven't really focused on it much this call. You're kind of pointing to the NAND business being a leader in your growth outlook for this coming year. But just given the CapEx guide that we saw from TSMC, any view of the change in market share dynamics and how that may impact you next year? Obviously, the view is that some of the other leaders are losing out to TSMC. How does that impact? You've been asked this question previously, but I wanted to get your update after the print there?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, I'll let Tim talk about leading-edge foundry.
Tim Archer : Yes, yes. Sure. No, in fact, we would hate for people to walk away thinking we're back to focused only on NAND. It's just -- it's been many years. We've been waiting for the NAND recovery to start. And so we are able to talk about the fact that through these upgrades, that's kind of begun and is showing up in our numbers. But the reality is I mentioned the strategy we had to pivot more of our R&D and our new product expansion into DRAM and foundry logic, that is paying off. We gave a number on gate-all-around nodes. We have a number of tools to play very well into that inflecting. Plus our strength in advanced packaging shows up very prominently in leading-edge foundry logic. Since nearly all leading-edge foundry logic right now is driving and being driven by the advanced packaging capabilities. And so we're participating in that way. So as you see leading-edge foundry logic customers spending I would say that is -- those are share gain opportunities for Lam at this point.
Doug Bettinger : Thanks, Tom. Operator we're going to take one more. Yes. Thanks, Tom. Operator, we're going to take one more call.
Operator: And question is from Brian Chin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin : Hi, there. Good afternoon. Thanks for laying us ask, a few questions. For trying to resist deposition in development, can you remind us of the SAM or maybe revenue potential per 10,000 wafer start per month? And then tied to that. What is the timing and magnitude of your revenue opportunity and this win? And where are you with other DRAM players?
Doug Bettinger : Listen, we're in good position. We've talked about previously a DQR position, we've got hardware in everybody's R&D facility. Everybody is looking at this, that's using me, I guess, is what I tell you. We were super excited about this one because it's a production till a record decision, right? Is going around. It's not going to be huge dollars this year Brian, but it is going to certainly be generating revenue, but it was a real important milestone for us.
Brian Chin : Okay, that's great. Maybe for a quick follow-up. What factor does the introduction of wafer bonding on NAND road maps, I guess, have on your capture rate of NAND spending?
Tim Archer : In an upgrade -- I mean, primarily, we do a lot of things mostly related to the stack is what we've been talking about. There are other elements of our say, certain tools that can go into and play in the wafer bonding space, but we don't do a wafer bonding itself. But I'd say, it's a minimal impact. I mean our capture rate of an upgrade cycle has still been very high. And that's primarily -- as you stack to -- we talked about carbon gapfill, we talked about the need to upgrade other tools to do higher aspect ratio as, et cetera. We haven't even talked about the fact that for many years, we've been selling tools but also help offset stress of higher layer counts. And so really, the complexity of these devices now adding wafer bonding as well. It opens up a lot of opportunities for a critical process supplier like Lam participating.
Brian Chin : Okay, great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger : Awesome. Thank you, Brian. With that, operator, we're going to wrap the call up. Listen, Tim and I and the rest of the management team are super excited to see you guys in February 19 in New York at our Investor Day. I hope you are all going to be able to make it. We'll have some interesting new products to talk about. And as I said, we're going to update the financial model. So operator, with that, let's close off the call.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research September Q1 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ram Ganesh, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ram Ganesh: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and we'll review our financial results for the September 2024 quarter and our outlook for the December 2024 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Ram, and good afternoon, everyone. Lam posted a strong September quarter with revenues and earnings per share higher than the midpoint and profitability above the high-end of the guided ranges. These results mark the fifth consecutive quarter of revenue growth for the company. When combined with our solid outlook for the December quarter, Lam's performance points to strong execution in an industry environment where NAND spending has yet to recover. Our view on calendar year 2024 WFE remains mostly unchanged. Spending is expected to be in the mid-$90 billion range. We continue to see AI driving strong investments in leading-edge logic nodes, as well as advanced packaging segments, including high-bandwidth memory or HBM. We expect domestic China WFE will be down in the second-half relative to the first-half with China's share of Lam's overall revenue normalizing to the 30% range in the December quarter. Per our normal cadence, we will provide the full details of our 2025 WFE outlook on our January earnings call. However, at this point, our early view for next year is for WFE growth from the -- from 2024's mid-$90 billion range. More importantly, we see an outstanding opportunity for Lam to outperform overall WFE growth in 2025. This is due to the critical role that etch and deposition play as fundamental enablers of higher performance more scalable semiconductor device architectures. Lam is strongly positioned to benefit both from improvement in NAND spending and increased customer investments across multiple technology inflections. In NAND, we expect the spending recovery to be driven primarily by technology upgrades, which is a highly favorable dynamic for Lam, given our industry-leading position in critical NAND processes. In foundry/logic, and DRAM, we are set to benefit from growing investment in gate-all-around, backside power distribution, advanced packaging, and dry EUV resist processing. Each of these advancements is more etch and deposition intensive and we have talked about our progress in these areas over the past several quarters. We expect to see increasing adoption across all four inflections in 2025. First on NAND, this segment has seen a prolonged cyclical downturn, but technology conversions to more advanced nodes will be critical to meeting the increased demand for high-speed, high-capacity enterprise SSDs, as well as satisfying the need for low-cost, high-capacity storage in client devices. Currently, over two-thirds of bits are still manufactured using older sub-200 layer technologies. We believe customers will continue converting this capacity to more advanced nodes in 2025. With the industry's largest installed base of 3D NAND equipment, Lam should benefit disproportionately as these upgrades occur. Furthermore, NAND manufacturers must also address the growing challenge of word line resistance. This sets up an important materials migration from tungsten to molybdenum, or moly, which offers superior thin-film resistivity, simplifies the process of minimizing leakage, and yields the lowest resistance. Lam has more than a decade of learning embedded in our metal atomic layer deposition, or ALD applications, with customer engagements on moly across NAND, DRAM, and foundry/logic. We have production wins for the moly transition in NAND that will scale in 2025 with foundry/logic and DRAM ramps to follow. Outside of NAND, we continue to build momentum in gate-all-around nodes with our selective etch tools, including recent wins and a large foundry/logic customer. In advanced EUV patterning, our latest conductor etch tool with DirectDrive technology is gaining ground, with broader adoption across key customers. In the evolution to backside power distribution in foundry/logic, we see expansion of our served market and share in dielectric etch and copper plating in 2025 due to the introduction of additional VF formation steps and new metal layers. Advanced packaging has been a highlight this year, driven by the performance needs of advanced AI devices. Lam established early technological leadership in deposition for advanced packaging. Our unmatched experience in copper plating hardware design and process technology is enabling SABRE 3D to deliver best-in-class coplanarity, uniformity, and defectivity at high throughput. This has translated into significant market share gains in 2024 and strong momentum as we look ahead into 2025. Our SABRE 3D revenue has more than doubled this year as both the number of 2.5D and 3D packages and the metal layer count per package has grown. As the complexity of advanced packaging continues to increase over time, more stringent performance requirements should play to Lam's strengths. Finally, in our customer support business group or CSBG, we are seeing strong customer pull for productivity enhancement, extendibility, and reuse of Lam's installed base of tools. In both DRAM and NAND, there is intense focus on lowering bit cost through efficient reuse of the installed base. This has led to recent market share wins where upgrades of existing Lam installed base systems provided better value than the new build alternatives offered by competitors. Similarly, our customers' focus on installed base productivity is driving greater adoption of Lam's equipment intelligence services with an additional 500 process chambers subscribed in the past quarter. So to wrap up, as we look at the changes ahead for every leading etch device and every advanced package, we see more and more opportunity for Lam. The AI era is here. We have transformed our business and expanded our product portfolio to prepare for this next generation of semiconductor industry growth. Our investments are in the early stages of paying off. I'm looking forward to sharing more about why we believe the best is yet to come for Lam at our Investor Day on February 19 in New York City. Now, here's Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Excellent. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today during what I know is a busy earnings season. Before I start, I want to remind everyone that on May 21, 2024, we announced a 10-for-one stock split, which was effective October 2 of 2024. All references made to share or per-share amounts in my remarks have been adjusted to now reflect the stock split. We delivered strong results in the September 2024 quarter. Our revenue and earnings per share came in above the midpoint of our guided range, while both gross margin and operating income percentage exceeded our guidance range. I'm pleased with the company's continued strong revenue and profitability execution, as well as our solid generation of free cash flows for the quarter, which came in at $1.46 billion or 35% of revenue. Let's look at the details of our September quarter financial results. Revenue for the September quarter was $4.17 billion, which was an increase of 8% from the prior quarter. Our deferred revenue balance at the end of the quarter was $2.05 billion, an increase of $495 million from the June quarter. This grew mainly due to customer advanced payments. I believe our deferred revenue balance will trend lower into calendar year 2025, but you will likely continue to see fluctuation quarter-to-quarter. From a segment perspective, September quarter systems revenue in memory was 35%, roughly in line with the prior quarter level of 36%. Within the memory segment, though, DRAM increased, coming in at 24% of systems revenue versus 19% in the June quarter. DRAM spending was focused on technology upgrades to 1-alpha, 1-beta, and some initial ramp of 1-gamma nodes to enable DDR5 and high bandwidth memory. The non-volatile memory segment represented 11% of our systems revenue, which was down from 17% in the prior quarter. This decline is driven by the timing of one customer's sequentially lower investment in specialty DRAM that we characterized as a non-volatile investment, because it has a non-volatile component in the device. The NAND segment has experienced a prolonged down cycle compared to historical norms. However, we anticipate that spending will increase in calendar 2025 as utilization rates improve to more normal levels and our customers begin to invest in conversions to 256- and 384-layer class devices. The foundry segment represented 41% of systems revenue, a slight decrease from the percentage concentration in the June quarter of 43%. In dollar terms, spending was relatively unchanged quarter-to-quarter. The logic and other segment was 24% of our systems revenue in the September quarter, up from the prior quarter level of 21%. The increase was driven by an uptick in both leading edge and specialty node logic devices. Now, I'll discuss the regional contribution of our total revenue. The China region accounted for 37%, down slightly from 39% in the prior quarter, and a little bit stronger than we expected. Most of our China revenue continued to come from domestic Chinese customers. And as Tim mentioned, we expect spending from this region will decline in the December quarter, I think perhaps to approximately 30% of December's revenue. Our next largest geographic concentration was Korea at 18% of revenue in the September quarter, which was flat with the June quarter. And finally, Taiwan and the United States rounded up the remainder of the Top four regions. Our customer support business group generated approximately $1.8 billion in revenue for the September quarter, up 4% from the June quarter and 25% higher than the same period in 2023. The sequential dollar growth was split evenly between Reliant Systems and all other components of CSBG. The spare parts component of CSBG continues to be the individual largest piece of this business unit's revenue. Let's turn to gross margin. The September quarter came in at 48.2%, which exceeded our guided range. Gross margin decreased a little sequentially, however, reflecting a decline in customer mix, as well as an increase in incentive compensation. These factors were partially offset by improved factory utilization as we continue to make progress on our operational initiatives. Operating expenses for September were $722 million, up from the prior quarter amount of $689 million. The increase was partly due to growth in program spending, as well as higher incentive compensation tied to the company's increased profitability outlook. R&D accounted for 67% of the total spending. Operating margin for the current quarter was 30.9%, slightly above the June quarter level of 30.7% and above the high end of our guidance range, primarily because of the higher revenue and continued strong gross margin performance. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 13.8%, generally within range of our expectations. Our estimate is for the tax rate to continue to be in the low- to mid-teens range in the near-term. Other income and expense for the September quarter came in at $13 million in income, compared with $19 million in income in the June quarter. The decrease in OI&E was primarily due to foreign exchange fluctuations. OI&E will continue to be susceptible to market-related variations that could cause some level of volatility quarter-to-quarter. Let me pivot to the capital return side of things. We allocated approximately $1 billion to open market share repurchases and we paid $261 million in dividends in the September quarter. I just highlight that, in August, we announced a 15% growth in the dividend, in line with our plan to deliver an annual growth in the dividend. And I just mentioned, since paying our first dividend in 2014, we have now raised the dividend in 10 consecutive years. We have $9.8 billion remaining on our Board authorized share repurchase plan. And we continue to track towards our long-term capital return plans of returning 75% to 100% of our free cash flow. For the September quarter, diluted earnings per share was $0.86, above the midpoint of our guided range. The diluted share count was approximately 1.3 billion shares, which was a reduction from the June quarter. On the balance sheet, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $6.1 billion at the end of the September quarter, up from $5.9 billion at the end of the June quarter. The increase was largely due to cash from operating activities, offset by cash allocated to share buyback, dividend payments, and capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding was 64-days in the September quarter, an increase from 59-days that we saw in the June quarter. Inventory at the end of the September quarter totaled $4.2 billion. Inventory turns improved to 2.1 times from the prior quarter level of 1.9 times. We will continue to manage inventory levels to the best of our ability to align with customer demand. Our non-cash expenses for the September quarter included approximately $80 million for equity compensation, $80 million in depreciation, and $14 million in amortization. Capital expenditures for the September quarter were $111 million, up $10 million from the June quarter. Capital spending was mainly centered on lab investments in the United States and Asia, as well as manufacturing facilitization supporting our global strategy to be close to both customers' development, as well as manufacturing locations. We ended the September quarter with approximately 17,700 regular full-time employees, which was an increase of approximately 500 people from the prior quarter. Headcount growth was predominantly in field and factory personnel to support increased tool installation, as well as growing manufacturing activity levels. Let's now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the December 2024 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $4.3 billion, plus or minus $300 million. Gross margin of 47%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. The gross margin guidance is reflective of a quarter-to-quarter headwind in customer mix. Operating margins of 30%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This reflects our continued commitment to managing our expense level as we prioritize critical R&D investment areas. And finally, earnings per share of $0.87, plus or minus $0.10, based on a share count of approximately 1.29 billion shares. So let me wrap up. We continue to execute well in 2024. I believe that's reflected in our September results, as well as guidance for the December quarter. We're on track to achieve modest improvement in our operating leverage for the full calendar year as we prioritize critical investments to extend our technology differentiation, while carefully managing overall spending levels. The investments we're making position Lam well to benefit from the architectural and materials inflections we see ahead. We believe that we will continue to gain traction and outperform the overall growth in WFE in calendar year 2025. We continue to see 2025 as a growth year in both WFE, and more importantly, Lam's top line. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. We would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Tim Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Tim and Doug, I know that you don't want to project 2025 WFE and I'm not asking you to give us a number, but can you just talk about the puts and takes? I guess, particularly around China. I mean, obviously, there's going to be some additions to the entity list, but it seems like even a bigger factor might be the consolidation of some of this legacy node stuff. It seems like there's a huge consolidation of a lot of these fabs that have been built that are ultimately connected to either Huawei or BYD. So can you just talk sort of conceptually about the puts and takes and particularly about China? I mean, it's down about 10 points of your revenue. Thanks.
Tim Archer: Sure. Thanks, Tim, and thanks for not pressing us on an early 2025 guide. We are trying to -- we are -- we realize there's a lot of questions, and we are trying to give some additional color where we can. We said that we believe year-on-year WFE overall would be up next year. Specifically, our view for China WFE next year would be that it is lower. For all -- you can pick all the variety of reasons that you may have just listed and that as a percent of Lam's total revenue, China would represent a lower percentage next year than this year. And so I think that's about all we can say right now. Obviously, in January, we'll give a lot more color on the full market.
Doug Bettinger: I'd just add a little bit. Tim, outside of China, they'll think about everything else going on leading-edge foundry and logic continues to be quite good. DRAM continues to be pretty robust with DDR5 high-bandwidth memory. What the trailing edge specialty node stuff does outside of China, I think we'll, as an industry, work our way through the inventory positions we're in. So trends are actually pretty good. in most of the industries. I'd just remind you of that, and I know you know that.
Tim Archer: Yes. And I think, Tim, that's -- maybe I think gets lost when we talk about percentages is we talked about a tremendous number of technology inflections and investments during my prepared remarks, none of which would actually be occurring in China as a result of the either restrictions already in place or the technology nodes that they're at or the fact that -- I mean, again, NAND, for instance, for us, those upgrades would be generally occurring outside of domestic China. Nodes like gate all around, obviously, are outside of domestic China. And so when you think about percentages, the stronger those trends are for Lam and for the industry, then naturally, that's why we see China continuing to trend lower as a percent of our total revenue.
Tim Arcuri: Right, thanks. And then just like super quick, Doug, for you. So CSBG was up. It was better deferred being up a lot. Is that like Reliant related?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, a little bit. What you heard me say is the growth in CSBG was a combination of growth in Reliant and then everything else. So Reliant was pretty strong again last quarter. So yes, Tim, that's part of it.
Tim Arcuri: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Last call, you guys talked about NAND utilizations moving higher, driving growth in spares. Did you see that trend continue into the September quarter. And you've talked about confidence on NAND WFE growth outlook for next year. Is the confidence level as strong on WFE spending growth outlook relative to let's say, 90-days ago? And are you starting to get some order and forecast visibility to support that?
Tim Archer: Yes, Harlan. I think that what I'd like to point out on NAND is it's a combination of things. We continue to see utilization being strong for the capacity that's in place. But what I was talking about in my prepared remarks was this need for what we would consider to be higher quality bits, higher performance to meet the needs of enterprise SSDs and other applications are now tied to sort of this move in AI, and so when we think about it, this is going to drive -- even if you're not looking as an industry to add a lot more bit capacity itself, you're going to want to shift that two-third that is manufactured still in the 1xx-layer technologies you're going to shift that to nodes that are taking advantage of things like sell under array or be able to do QLC, the moly transition we talked about, all of those things allow and manufacturer to be a lot more competitive for the parts of the market that are seeing a lot of strength. And so the reason that is so important for Lam is we play a really critical role and we capture a very high percentage of all of those upgrades. And so our anticipation is that the industry will be still in a recovery mode next year. But if most of the spending is directed towards technology upgrades and it's pulling in all of those things I just talked about, that's right where Lam's product portfolio plays. It's really our fleet spot. And so that's why we're optimistic on NAND almost regardless of whether WFE itself like rises a tremendous amount. It's really spending will be in our favor.
Harlan Sur: Yes. I appreciate that. And then AI and accelerated compute dynamics continuing very strong, right? Obviously, that's pulling the need for more HBM memory, as you mentioned last call, you talked about driving more than $1 billion in HBM revenues this year. Is that number even higher now? And I'm wondering if you can maybe quantify the HBM outlook for this year. As we look into next year, although HBM bid supply is only going to represent 6%, 7% of total bit supply it's going to account for something like 20%, 25% of total DRAM wafer capacity, right? And that in and of itself is up 60%, 70% versus this year. How are you thinking about sort of the growth trajectory of your HPM and advanced packaging business next year and even over the next several years.
Tim Archer: Yes. Sure, Harlan. I think we'll -- we're not probably going to give a new milestone number, but we did talk about this $1 billion achievement in our advanced packaging business, really driven by the strength in AI. What I would say is since the last call, that part of our business has continued to strengthen even beyond what we had originally thought. I highlighted some of that in my commentary around the SABRE 3D, the copper plating. It's just a very strong part of the business right now. And I think the companies that have good exposure to it, which primarily are companies like etch and deposition companies are seeing outsized benefit right now from that trend. I don't think advanced packaging slows down any time from my view and from my conversations with customers. It's an enabling technology that's allowing system-level performance. It's very hard to achieve through chips themselves. And I mean it requires really this architectural change. So we're very positive on advanced packaging next year. And when we get to January, we'll probably highlight a little bit more about what we see in terms of new numbers for that segment.
Harlan Sur: Thank you, Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had two as well. First, Tim, you talked about the adoption of Moly and 3D NAND, and you also mentioned leading edge foundry and logic and DRAM to follow in the out years. I was hoping you could help us sort of translate some of that, maybe not the specific numbers, but how we should be thinking about your ability to grow the business with Molly in '25 and beyond. Is it a net gain opportunity for you? Or because you're already quite strong in that space, is there an offset to the introduction of moly?
Tim Archer: Yes, it is an area where we're quite strong already in the Tungsten, as you point out, especially in NAND, but it still turns out to be a net gain for us as again, there is a certain benefit that comes from upgrades and moving technology forward, and there's additional benefit if you're basically selling in new high value-add technologies for our customers. And so again, the fact that it helps resolve some of the word line resistance issues that exist and really is a major materials migration that then can sort of carry the industry forward for several nodes after that. It's a kind of step up for us in terms of business through that transition. And then as we see those same transitions occur in foundry logic and DRAM, I think it represents a gain opportunity for us there as well out into future years.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then my follow-up is on leading-edge foundry logic. I both -- I think both you and Doug characterize that area as an area of strength. A peer of yours last week, they kind of lowered their '25 outlook based on some of the competitive dynamics going on in that space. I think there's one customer that's doing really well, maybe two others that are doing not so well. is the net-net in your view as it pertains to the '25 outlook, is that unchanged relative to 90 days ago? Or have you seen any kind of shifts in the outlook when you think about overall leading-edge foundry and logic?
Tim Archer: Well, I don't think it's really changed from our perspective in the last 90 days, but that's because generally, if I think about what's driving our business, it's a little less has to do with volume as much as technology inflections. And so as you move forward from a node that wasn't gate all around to one that's gate all around, that creates opportunities for Lam that some companies that might actually be somewhat of a similar opportunity. But for Lam because we can now penetrate new tools like selective etch and ALD at rates that we had not been able to previously, we think that, that may be why it hasn't changed as much for us. We see it as a positive opportunity. We also see -- again, we have put an exact timing on it, but we have said we believe in 2025, you start to see the introduction of what we would consider to be quite etch and depth intensive inflections like the backside power distribution and further advanced packaging use in leading-edge logic foundry. And so those are things that I think primarily benefited companies with portfolios that look like Lam that shouldn't that position strong. And so I don't know, I can't speak to everybody's outlook, but I know that the way we look at these technology transitions, they're quite favorable for our portfolio setup.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Toshiya.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for my question. For the first one, going back to China. So it's indicated down about, I think, $250 million or so in calendar Q4. Does China stay at these levels for the next several quarters? Can it build off of it? Does it decline? What is sort of the broad assumption. And I think, Tim, in the last earnings call, you had suggested '25 could be a decent year for China, but that view seems to have changed somewhat. And I'm curious what changed, what markets, what are the signals? So just kind of China versus December levels and then what has changed in the overall China view for '25?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek, maybe I'll take it. This is Doug. Yes, China is trending down a little bit right now, but let me be very, very clear. It's not going away. It's just trending lower as a percent of our overall revenue. That's partly due to the fact that, yes, we -- as we sit here today, we look at China WP is lower next year. But other things are strengthening at the same time. So when you look at the percent of the total revenue, it's trending a little bit lower. But let me be very clear. It's not going away.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think that was -- if I made the comment about China being a decent year next year, it's basically, I think it's the comment Doug just made, which is we always have expected it to normalize as Lam's business in our strongest markets like NAND. And now some of these new emerging areas like advanced packaging really come on even more strongly in 2025. And so we've always expected, as a percentage of our total revenues, it would trend down. And so I don't know if the outlook has changed dramatically in the last few months.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And then for my follow-up, maybe one on gross margins. So I think Q3, you beat quite nicely up -- so what drove that? And I think for calendar Q4, it's coming to 47%. So as we look out, Doug, over the next several quarters, given that China mix will be lower. Should we assume that 47% is the baseline and then you get some leverage on top of it? Or just how should we conceptually think about calendar 25 gross margin versus calendar 24. Is there a scenario where you can keep gross margins flattish year-on-year calendar year.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Vivek, thanks for the question. Yes, listen, there's many, many things that can move gross margin around in the near term here, customer mix, product mix, operational efficiencies and so forth. We've been trying to signal for a while that, hey, this customer mix stuff is going to be a little bit of a headwind as China percent of total begins to soften a little bit. And you're seeing that in the December guide. However, if you remember back when business turned down at the end of '22 into '23, we embarked on what we described as operational efficiency initiatives, trying to pivot the company, grow that footprint in the factories in the Asia region, which as business grows, will benefit from those operational efficiencies. So you're beginning to see some of or maybe more than some, you're beginning to see that show up. If you remember before China ticked up as a percent of our revenue, we were at, I don't know, roughly 46%, and now you kind of see it at 47%. So we've pivoted the company actually in a beneficial way from a cost standpoint, and you'll still see more of that as we go forward. But there's a lot of things that move gross margin around. I'm not going to get into guiding it specifically. But that's some of the steps you should be thinking about.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: And our next question today comes from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess for the first question, I was hoping to focus on CSBG and Reliant. As you think about a world where China is slowing down, -- is that a piece that we should be thinking about at least as part of CSBG that would decline? And just for my education, as you think about slower China, is that better or worse in terms of CSBG revenue intensity for you guys?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, C.J. I mean, from a Reliance standpoint, when you think about investment in the specialty nodes or maybe the trailing edge nodes, that's where Reliant will ebb and flow. And obviously, you know where the restrictions sit in the China region and so mainly, that's what you've got going on in China. But there's other components of it as well, right, outside of China, there's a decent profile of investment there. But yes, as WFE perhaps reduces a little bit in China, that will be a bit of a headwind for the Reliant business unit. The other components of it, though, spare service upgrades will have a lot to do with what's going on globally in the overall capacity of every process node.
Tim Archer: Yes. And I think, C.J., I would just add. I mean, I mentioned a couple of these -- a couple of things around the equipment intelligence and previous calls. We've talked about our cobot activity I think that as leading-edge devices continue to grow and also become more complex, the need for these types of data-driven troubleshooting and tool matching capabilities and even sort of automated maintenance will become a bigger part of our CSBG revenue stream as well. And so we look to that as an area where we can continue to keep moving forward.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And then I guess maybe on OpEx. You started the year, Doug, talking about the need to invest for projects that have real line of sight for growth. And OpEx will narrowly outgrow top line this year. Curious, are you at the stage where you are funding what you need to fund? And how should we think about operating leverage into calendar '25?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, C.J., thanks for the question. Yes, we funded pretty much everything, but as we came into the year, we expected that we needed to fund, in fact, maybe even a little bit more, right? Revenue turned out to be probably a little bit stronger. And in fact, remember, as we began the year, I was suggesting, we were suggesting that you wouldn't see leverage from us this year. And in fact, you actually have we've delivered over a full percentage point of operating margin leverage at the midpoint of the December guide. So I think we all feel pretty good. Tim, and I feel pretty good about what we've been able to do. As we get into next year, depending on how WP grows, how our top line grows, I hope we'll be able to continue to deliver some leverage into next year as well.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, C.J. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First one, Tim, I understand, thanks for the early view on calendar '25 WFP, and you said that Lam revenue should outgrow or continue to outgrow WFE. Historically, outperformance happened during strong NAND years, and you do expect NAND WFE to grow. But I'm just wondering, is NAND still going to be the driver, especially with all this noise around Cryo-edge, maybe to 2026 even not 2025. I'm just trying to figure out what are the drivers for outperformance for Lam in calendar '25. And then I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, I think you probably did see the announcement from Lam in our Cryo 3.0 technology not too long ago. And so I think that some of that noise is what Lam is creating around the benefits of new technology upgrades to our own systems. And so I think the most important thing to think about with NAND is that the most efficient way to go from a certain layer count to a higher layer count and get the benefits of those new technologies is to upgrade the installed base you already have in your fab. And so that's why we're talking about this high capture rate Lam has around NAND upgrades and how that's beneficial both for us and for our customers. And so I think 2025, whatever the WFE spend is in NAND, it will be dominated by those technology upgrades and Lam is by far in the best position to deliver both the technology and the economic value to our customers. So that's kind of the way I see the NAND market playing out next year. And it's a little too early for us to say exactly what the spending will be. But again, the requirements for those higher quality bids, I think, are being discussed and talked about in light of these new AI applications pretty publicly.
Doug Bettinger: I think Krish, it's everything else that we've been -- we've also been talking about for a while, right, advanced packaging, backside power, gate-all-around, dry photo resist, right? Tim talks about this every time in his script because we're going to outperform in those areas, too. So when you layer these two things together, that is where our confidence comes from.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think the -- I mentioned in the script, the -- this comment, which I assume people are picking up on, but it's the etch and depth intensity of the technology inflections that are coming. I think the technology landscape is changing somewhat, and it's beneficial to companies that are well positioned to help in the building of these three-dimensional architectures that exist, whether it's backside power distribution, which is effectively a three-dimension architecture on the backside of the wafer or the advanced packaging, 2.5D and 3D packages, those get built by etch and deposition equipment. And so as those parts of the market are kind of the outperformers, because of what they do for power consumption and high power, high computation devices, what they're doing in terms of enabling these multichip packages. I would expect etching depth to continue -- would actually outperform WFE with those as the underlying technology trends.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. Very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up for Doug. The inventory level has been pretty -- like you've been managing it really well. You're talking about an up cycle next year. Historically, you kind of start building inventory maybe a quarter or two before. Kind of curious, is it more unclear of the shape of the recovery next year? Or is it more the inventory management has gotten -- has changed and is much more efficient than it's kind of more like just in time.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean, you got to actually peel the onion back on inventory one level beneath just what's the total number to understand this. So a lot of the inventory, when you think back to when business turned down, a lot of it was in memory and specifically in NAND. And so a lot of the inventory we have, just to build tools that go into the NAND segment. And so you'll only really be able to move that inventory lower when NAND business ticks up, which obviously we think that will happen this year. So that's a little bit of a -- you've got to wait for that. Offsetting that, though, other things are strengthening. Obviously, you saw the guide at 4.3. And so you have to have components ready to build tools that go into those segments. So those are the two things that you have to think about relative to the total balance.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Srinivas Pajjuri with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thank you. A couple of follow-ups at this point. Tim, on your comment about WFE growing next year, I'm just curious, either by market segment or by product segment, where would you say you have the best visibility? And where do you think there is still some uncertainty out there?
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, we'd start getting very close to giving a full 2025 outlook, if I go through all that detail. But I think that, obviously, some of our comments. One is we believe NAND has been in a very prolonged down cycle. And so it's not too much of a stretch to say that we would see NAND WFE higher. We're not going to quantify that. But again, higher and driven by these technology upgrades that I just talked a lot about. I think that we said that leading edge for logic, we continue to see quite strong. And with many of those investments targeted towards new technology pull-ins that help with performance and power consumption. And then finally, we think advance package. I think it's not a stretch to say that we believe advanced packaging I made the comment, it's gotten stronger in just the last 90-days, and so I don't see what would prevent that from continuing to trend higher as we move through 2025. And then we said China WFE lower. And so you're kind of like there's a third puts and takes. But in general, a lot of the things that are key to us, we think fed higher.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Great. That's helpful. And then another follow-up, Tim. I guess -- on the tech transitions that you talked about, there are a lot of questions on NAND, et cetera, but I look at your product -- I mean, your revenue mix, logic and foundry is like 60% of your mix today quite different from what it used to be. So you talked about things like backside Power GA, et cetera, increasing the intensity for you. I'm just curious, outside of just the deposition and etch intensity going up. How do you think about your market share? Because we hear about these tech transitions from some of your competitors as well. It looks like a lot of you are benefiting, but I'm just curious as to how you think about your market share? What is the implied market share assumption when you say you're going to outperform WFE next year?
Tim Archer: Well, I think that in some of these areas, I talked about specifically when you think about what foundry logic, leading-edge foundry logic is really doing is -- it is pulling in nodes like gate-all-around. For us, that allows us to gain -- expand SAM and gain share in markets where we didn't previously compete. So every selective etch win for us is basically new market. ALD is expanding in new share market for us. So we do have opportunities where, again, we've -- I talked about transforming our product portfolio, and we've expanded the product portfolio to address those markets. And so -- for us, many of those are not only they're new wins and their share gain. And for those who've already been participating in those markets at prior nodes and prior technologies, you'd probably see a lot more replacement revenue versus actual share gain. So I think that is one thing that distinguishes Lam, we're coming from a historically lower exposure to that particular segment. Advanced Packaging, again, very strong product portfolio for that. Backside power, I think everybody knows we're extremely strong in terms of our positioning in copper plating. There's a lot more uses, you add more metal layers on to the backside of the wafer represents share gain of overall WFE when you see cases coming like that. So I think you're right to say that a lot of people are going to benefit from continued technology advancements and general equipment intensity increases overall. But we do think that then net position increases faster than many of the other segments, and therefore, land has an opportunity to gain share.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Very clear. Thanks, Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Pajjuri.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I wanted to drill again a bit more into the China gross margin trade-off. So clearly, if WFE is growing and your share is going next year, but China is down, your China mix does get worse. And I know you don't want to guide gross margins, but do you think that the other drivers you have on gross margins can be enough to offset the negative mix from trend like mix went down to 25% of your revenue next year. Like, is there enough around the other drivers you have to try to offset that? I'm just -- I'm wondering if I should be thinking about gross margin as the floor is the trough and then growing from there with some of the other drivers? How do we think about that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Stacy, listen, some of the things I pointed to, you have to think through it holistically. And part of it will depend on revenue levels. And obviously, I'm not going to guide specificity into next year. But we have done a whole bunch relative to pivoting the footprint of the company to be closer to where the customers' fabs are lower cost structure, more affordable supply chain, shorter freight distances. I mean those things are going to be beneficial as we get into a growing top line, offset by some of that customer mix. I'm not going to give you specifics yet, because I'm not sure exactly what revenue is next year, but I feel pretty good about our ability to continue to drive the operational side of gross margin improvement. And then the customer mix will be one of the things we're working to overcome. But I'm not going to give you enough specificity that you want right now. But certainly, we'll do that as we get into next year on the next call.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. And at a minimum, I guess, you do see revenues up at least, so that should be a positive.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, it should be, Stacy. Yes.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thanks. For my follow-up, I want to drill in a little of this NAND tech transition versus capacity. And I think I understand the idea that tech transitions are lower WFE, but you have a big installed base and your share is higher. From a dollar basis, what is better for you, a capacity-driven market or a technology transition market? I know you've said you're agnostic, but I don't -- I just don't see how that can be true. So like what am I missing?
Tim Archer: Well, I mean, I guess, when we talk about outperformance of WFE, then there's no doubt that tech transition market is better for us. I think that there's been a lot of questions. I think what we've been trying to address is perhaps some of the skepticism about the desire and need for the market right now to invest in significant additional capacity. And so whether that's true or not, that will be our customer's decision, but what we're saying is that regardless of within that, that's why we gave this two-thirds a bit to fill it sub-200 layers. We believe there is a need both technically and economically to move those forward to more advanced nodes.
Stacy Rasgon: I'm just asking if would your NAND dollars be higher in a capacity-driven market or an upgrade driven market. That's what I'm trying to understand.
Doug Bettinger: It depends on the overall level of investment, Stacy, it's not a straightforward question. We did a decently higher share of spend when it's a transition or an upgrade year. but the industry obviously spends less. But our relative outperformance in a situation like that, which is largely what we see next year, we're going to outperform more. Then the rest of it, you have to get into the specific numbers, which obviously we're not going to do right now.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you guys. I appreciate it.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Stacey. Sure.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. My first question is on China WFE. It sounds like you're expecting China WFE to come down, but not as much as your peer that reported last week, they're expecting the China sales to come down 30% next year. Are the dynamics between lithography and depth edge that will help explain why lithography could be coming down faster or maybe something to do with your alliance business or star parts or anything. If you have any thoughts on that?
Doug Bettinger: Atif, obviously, it's extremely hard, if not impossible, for us to compare what someone else is thinking versus what we think, because we don't know what they're thinking for sure, to be perfectly honest. I would observe, though, if you look at how much perhaps some of our peers' growth in that specific geography grew versus what we did, the numbers are very different, right? And the lead times are very different between different tool types. And so something shipped sooner than others. And so you can't make a direct comparison because, frankly, I don't know exactly what somebody else has seen. But others have grown a lot more in that region than we have, and so you have to kind of factor all this stuff in, I don't know, Tim, if you want to add anything?
Tim Archer: No, no. I think it's just -- it's very hard to make those comparisons for all the reasons that Doug just mentioned the especially in terms of the rate at which people have been shipping at this point and lead times and so not much more we can say.
Atif Malik: Thank you. And then my follow-up, Tim, I was positively surprised to see that one of your large memory makers in Korea is adopting Dry Resist for their 1C DRAM 6 generation process. We've been under the impression that maybe drive this happens when the high NA to come out. Have there been any changes in terms of the adoption curve for Dry Resist?
Tim Archer: Well, we -- I don't know how Dry Resist ever got intricately tied to high NA other than what we've said is when you get to high NA, we had believed that there likely is no other choice. But clearly, we've been working hard. There are -- to answer earlier, based on all of the benefits we've talked about with Dry EUV and dry UV processing in general, which is multiple steps. It's the underlayer, it's the resist, it's the dry develop. And in those cases, there's economic benefits from having to be able to shorten exposure. We've talked about pattern fidelity benefits. There's benefits from using the dry developer versus a wet process in terms of defectivity. And so I think that you just with each customer, you reach a point where they see enough of those benefits tipping over to where they make the change. And so it's not necessarily tied to any particular node. And so I think that I think that we'll see, over time, customers adopted different technology nodes.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Atif.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you guys. Sorry to ask about China again. But as you make these comments about December and next year, how are you thinking about the Commerce Department export controls? Have you had -- and I'm asking what you think the decision will be. But have you had conversations where you have some kind of general sense of what the restrictions may be? Or are you kind of guessing like the rest of us? And if you're guessing how are you making those guesses.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that the view we've given you contemplates our best understanding and our best estimate of what we think will happen. And so I don't know if you call that a guess, an educated guess. I mean, I doubt all of you guys are just guessing you have sources of information. And so I think that that's just -- that's our view. And the best we can say right now is what we've said about our -- how we see China WFE both through the next quarter as well as into next year.
Joe Moore: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then as you think about December, if China drops down to 30%, you've got double-digit growth ex-China. And I mean -- first of all, am I going to literal and precise about that. And -- but if you are going to grow double digits ex-China, kind of what gives you the confidence around that.
Doug Bettinger: I mean, Joe, it's the same thing we do every time we guide you with numbers. We understand what customers expect from us, what we think they're going to order what -- to the best of our ability every single region in the world is going to do every single customer, every single fab and so forth, we put it together the same every single quarter, and that's what we've just done. The only thing we've done incrementally here because there's been so much chatter about China is give you a number on China, which normally we don't do any geographic stuff. But the $4.3 million we just guided you to, we've gone through the same process we do every single quarter to put data together to support that.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you so much
Doug Bettinger: Youre on.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks, for squeezing me in and I feel bad that Joe said one more on China because I had one more in China, but I just got curious, I think you come back to that to the beginning $250 million is the math that come out in December. I guess going into this, the expectation was that like the Chinese DRAM would be front-end loaded. And I guess you've seen. I think you recognize that is non-volatile, that's come down. So I'm assuming that's less of a headwind. So I guess, roundabout way of saying such CSBG be down in December, it would seem like that would be the bulk of the $250 million that comes out. Just can you dial us in a little bit as to where -- what segment that headwind is in?
Doug Bettinger: Man, Blayne, I don't know if I can answer your question. Is it possible CSBG is down next quarter. Sure, its possible. The relying component does attach to the specialty node stuff, which is obviously correlated to a certain extent with China, not only but elsewhere also. But there's other stuff going on in there that ties to upgrade cycles and utilization and so forth. I don't know if I'm helping you. I'm just kind of rambling here a little bit.
Blayne Curtis: It's fine. I just want to ask you also, I think the messaging on NAND is a lot more positive. I think people have gotten incrementally more negative on timing of NAND. Just kind of curious the timing that you'll see those upgrades. Obviously, you've had this headwind from the Chinese customer. But do you expect that tailwind to be a tailwind kind of the rest of this calendar year? Or is it truly a '25 storyline?
Tim Archer: No, I mean, we were speaking about that primarily from a 2025 perspective, it don't give any timing within that particular year. It's just, again, predicated on this idea that the down cycle has been quite long and the -- which has put a number of -- quite a large portion of the capacity at technology nodes that we think can be significantly improved for current uses through technology upgrades. And those are the conversations we're having with customers will give more on the timing once we have a better view of it as we move into early next year.
Blayne Curtis: Got it. Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: All right. Thanks, Blayne. Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. I guess a question on DRAM. And not a little discussion on that heading into next year. What's your view on the trends you're seeing there? And again, have the -- there's been a lot of mixed signals on that. Has that changed in the last 30 days -- last 90 days for you?
Doug Bettinger: No, Chris, it really hasn't changed in the last 90-days. You've got a product cycle in DRAM, DDR4, going to DDR5, you've got the high bandwidth memory that's going on there and that's pulling through a need for incremental equipment, we believe that grows again next year, I don't think too much has changed relative to our outlook in ramp.
Chris Caso: Okay. Just as a follow-up and there'll be one more close it out on one more China question. With what you said about China 30% of revenue exiting the year, is it safe to say by what always hold with the expectation for some of the other segments, Foundry Logic for NAND to grow next year that most likely that China comes in, if we look for the full-year at below 30% of total revenue as we look in the whole year. Obviously, I know it depends upon what your total revenue looks like. But it feels like you're seeing growth elsewhere and probably not in China from the fourth quarterly level. Is that at least a rational way to think about it?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Chris, it's not unreasonable to be thinking about it that way. And frankly, like I said, we're not guiding 25 numerically yet. It's possible that China trends down below 30% for sure. it's too soon for us to get numerically specific on next year, but we will certainly do that on the call next quarter.
Chris Caso: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Operator, that concludes the call here. Thanks, everybody, for joining, and I'm sure we'll be talking to most of you as the quarter progresses.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening, and welcome to the Lam Research June Quarterly Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ram Ganesh, VP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ram Ganesh: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the June 2024 quarter and our outlook for the September 2024 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Timothy Archer: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. In the June quarter, Lam delivered another set of solid results with revenues, profitability and earnings per share, all coming in above the midpoint of our guidance. Our CSBG business posted strong growth with revenues up 22% sequentially, led by Reliant and spares. On the manufacturing side, we achieved a key milestone in the quarter with our Malaysia factory shipping its 5,000th chamber. This is the fastest ramp of a new manufacturing facility in Lam's history, and we remain on track to achieve our long-term cost reduction goals through an expanded global manufacturing and supply chain footprint. As previously communicated, 2024 is a year of strategic investment for Lam, where we are prioritizing product development for key technology inflections, global R&D infrastructure close to our customers and digital transformation for operational efficiency at scale. We believe these investments will put Lam in a position to outperform as the industry moves into a period of multiyear WFE spending expansion. Now turning to WFE, we expect this year's spending to be in the mid $90 billion range. Our customer investment profile is generally unchanged from our prior view, apart from slightly stronger domestic China spending and additional demand related to the ramp of high-bandwidth memory or HBM capacity. We see foundry logic, DRAM and NAND investments all up on a year-on-year basis. Global spending on mature node technologies is expected to be roughly flat year-on-year. Looking ahead to 2025, we see a positive environment for continued growth in WFE spending. The power of AI is a transformative business tool is still yet to be fully realized. Today, the focus on AI model training is driving strong demand for GPUs and HBM. However, as AI use cases expand, we believe inferencing at the etch will spur content growth of low-power DRAM and NAND storage in enterprise PCs and smartphones. Investments for AI-enabled etch devices play particularly well to Lam's strengths. We anticipate that memory customers looking to scale capacity and lower bid cost will bias WFE spending toward technology upgrades of the installed base. For NAND, the etch and deposition intensity of upgrades is significantly higher than in a greenfield investment. When you consider Lam's sizable installed base in memory, including roughly 7,500 high aspect ratio dielectric etch chambers for NAND alone, we are positioned to outgrow overall WFE when customers upgrade existing memory production lines to next-generation nodes. Longer term, etch and deposition are set to play an increasingly vital role in the industry's efforts to develop faster, more power efficient and lower-cost semiconductors to serve AI-related applications by delivering critical solutions for atomic level device scaling, new materials innovation and advanced packaging integration, we see tremendous opportunity for Lam to expand our served market and increase our share at each successive process technology node. To this end, our R&D focus is yielding exciting new products, including this year, our first direct power coupled conductor etch tool with matchless power source and bias, known as DIRECTDRIVE. This new power source uses solid-state drivers to stabilize the plasma in the etch chamber 500 times faster than current industry standards. By combining direct power coupling with Lam's unique plasma pulsing capabilities, our latest conductor etch systems are delivering best-in-class performance for newly emerging 4F2 DRAM applications. In 4F2 devices, the nature of the bit line placement requires precise etching of ultra-small high aspect ratio silicon structures to avoid device shorts or leakage. With direct power coupling and plasma pulsing, Lam connects to vertically oriented 4F2 transistor architectures with unprecedented depth uniformity and profile controller. Similarly, conductor etch is becoming a critical enabler for EUV patterning for gate-all-around and DRAM due to the need to reduce etch placement error. For nodes below 2 nanometers, the requirement is for roughly 40% tighter control than at 5 nanometers. Our new conductor etch tool delivers a 30% reduction in feature roughness, which is one of the main contributors to etch placement error. In addition, we can achieve one to two orders of magnitude improvement in defectivity for a given EUV dose, further helping customers reduce the overall cost and improve the capability of the EUV patterning process. Turning to NAND. AI applications are driving demand for faster, higher-capacity enterprise SSDs. NAND makers are pursuing both vertical and lateral scaling of NAND arrays as well as increasing bits stored per sell through implementation of QLC and PLC technologies. In support of these efforts, Lam is developing new dielectric etch and deposition capabilities. Earlier today, we announced Lam Cryo 3.0, Lam's third generation of cryogenic etch technology. Building on our learning from nearly 1,000 cryogenic etch chambers, running in NAND fabs worldwide. This new patented cryogenic etch process delivers industry-leading control of the NAND memory channel hole profile. When a Lam Cryo 3.0 is deployed on our Vantex system, the etch are delivering the industry's highest available ion energy, we can create a 10-micron deep channel hole that has a top-to-bottom profile deviation of less than 10 nanometers or less than 0.1% relative to its depth. Such tight profile control allows customers to increase bit density by packing more cells per layer, while also having the flexibility to add more layers per tier. Lam Cryo 3.0 also addresses our industry's need for more sustainable solutions, delivering a 40% reduction in energy consumption per wafer and a 90% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions per wafer compared to non-cryogenic etchers. Deposition technology is also advancing quickly to support increased bit density and lower cost through multi-tier stacking. Polysilicon and tungsten gap fill materials have typically been used to enable tier stacking in high layer count NAND. Integration of these materials, however, has resulted in poor control of critical dimensions and overlay, negatively impacting yield and performance. Lam's innovative PECVD-based pure carbon and gap fill process provides an attractive alternative material. With the unique combination of high etch selectivity, superior mechanical properties and simplified dry post process removability, it also reduces the number of process steps required in some cases by approximately 50% compared to traditional approaches. Overall, etch and deposition are becoming increasingly critical to addressing the complex semiconductor requirements of a growing AI environment. We are excited by the breadth of opportunities we see ahead for the company, especially those created by technology inflections to gate all around backside power delivery, advanced packaging and [indiscernible] processing. All of these are etch and deposition intensive and each represents a $1 billion or higher growth opportunity for Lam. We look forward to sharing our progress on these fronts as well as our long-term financial model at our next Investor Day, which we are planning to hold in February 2025. With that, I'll turn it over to Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. We executed well in the June 2024 quarter. Our June quarter results came in above the midpoint or exceeded our guidance ranges for all financial metrics. We were pleased with the company's strong execution. For fiscal year 2024, we achieved the highest gross margin percentage since the merging of Lam with Novellus in 2013, coming in at 48.2% and we generated quite strong free cash flow of approximately $4.3 billion or 29% of revenue. Let's look at the details of our June quarter results. Revenue came in at $3.87 billion, which was an increase from the prior quarter and over the midpoint of guidance. Our deferred revenue balance at the end of the quarter was -- excuse me, $1.55 billion, which is a decrease of $194 million in the March quarter related to revenue recognized that was tied to customer advanced payments. As we sit here today, I believe deferred revenue remains stable at these levels for the foreseeable future. Let's turn to the revenue segment details. June quarter systems revenue in memory was 36%, which was a decrease from the prior quarter level of 44%. The decline in the memory segment was mainly attributable to DRAM. DRAM came in at 19% of systems revenue compared with 23% in the March quarter as investments in mature nodes declined in the June quarter. DRAM revenue reached a new record in fiscal year 2024 with spending focused on DDR5 and HBM enablement as well as on the 1Y node. Non-volatile memory came in at 17% of our systems revenue, which was down from the March quarter level of 21%. And just a reminder, we are characterizing one customer's investment in specialty DRAM as a non-volatile investment since it has a non-volatile component in the device. Net revenue was at a low point for this year, and I expect NAND investment to gradually improve as utilization rates return to more normal levels, our customers slowly increased spending in conversions to 2XX and 3XX layer devices into the next year. The Foundry segment represented 43% of our systems revenue, which was roughly flat with the percentage concentration in the March quarter of 44%. Growth in shipments for gate all around nodes was offset by a decline in mature node spending. The logic and other segment were 21% of system revenue in the June quarter, up from the prior level of 12%. The increase was driven by strength in mature node spending in China. With respect to the regional composition of our total revenue, the China region came in at 39%, down slightly from the prior quarter level of 42% and a little bit higher than our expectations from the previous earnings call. This was driven by domestic China spending. The next largest geographic concentration was Korea at 18% of revenue in the June quarter, versus 24% in the March quarter. Taiwan was 15% of revenue in the June quarter, which was an increase from 9% in the March quarter. The customer support business group revenue in the June quarter pulled approximately $1.7 billion, an increase of 22% from the prior quarter level and 14% higher than the June quarter in calendar 2023. CSBG revenue represented 44% of our June quarter revenues and reached the highest point since the end of calendar 2022, driven primarily by an increase in Reliant systems, followed by growth in spares. Our Reliant systems revenue benefited from strength in domestic China spending for specialty and mature nodes. Spares revenue increased largely due to continued improvement in utilization at our memory customers, as well as a little bit of inventory stocking. I do not think CSBG will grow modestly in calendar year 2024. Let's look at profitability. Our June quarter gross margin came in at 48.5% at the top end of our guided range and slightly down from 48.7% in the March quarter. June quarter gross margin benefited from continued improvement in factory efficiencies, which largely offset the headwind we saw in customer mix that we talked about on the last earnings call. Operating expenses for the June quarter were $689 million, down marginally from the prior quarter amount of $698 million. As Tim mentioned, we continue to prioritize spending in research and development to extend our technology differentiation as well as expand our product portfolio. I'd just point out that more than 70% of our total operating expenses were concentrated in research and development. The June quarter operating margin was 30.7%, above the guidance range mainly because of that strong gross margin performance. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 11.5%. We estimate the tax rate for the remainder of the calendar year 2024 to be in the low to mid-teens level, and this rate will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Other income and expense for the June quarter was approximately $19 million in income compared with $10 million in income in the March quarter. The increase in OI&E was primarily the result of fluctuations in the fair value of our venture investments. And as we've talked about in the past, you will see variability in OI&E quarter-to-quarter. Let's turn to the capital return. We allocated approximately $382 million to share repurchases, and we paid $261 million in dividends in the June quarter. During the quarter, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a $10 billion share repurchase authorization. We have $10.8 billion remaining in the plan at the end of the June quarter. For fiscal year 2024, we returned $3.7 billion or 88% of free cash flow, which was in line with our long-term capital plans of returning 75% to 100% of free cash flow. June quarter diluted earnings per share were $8.14, close to the high end of our guidance range. The diluted share count was 131 million shares on track with our expectations and down from the March quarter. Lets turn to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $5.9 billion at the end of the June quarter, up a little bit from $5.7 billion at the end of the March quarter. Day sales outstanding were 59 days in the June quarter, a slight increase from 57 days in the March quarter. June quarter inventory turns of 1.9 times compared with 1.8 times in the prior quarter. We are making progress in bringing inventory levels down, and we'll continue to work on this throughout the rest of calendar year 2024. Our noncash expenses for the June quarter included approximately $79 million for equity compensation, $74 million in depreciation and $14 million in amortization. Capital expenditures were $101 million, flat with the March quarter level with spending mainly centered on lab investments in the United States and Asia, as well as manufacturing facilities in Asia, supporting our global strategy to be close to our customers' development and manufacturing locations. We ended the June quarter with approximately 17,200 regular full-time employees, which was flat with the prior quarter. Let's turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the September 2024 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $4.05 billion, plus or minus $300 million. Gross margin of 47%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This gross margin decline is reflective primarily of an unfavorable quarter-to-quarter change in customer mix. I expect this change to continue to be a slight incremental headwind in the December quarter. Operating margins of 29.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Gross margin and operating margin included impact from ongoing transformation costs related to projects to improve our systems and operations. As we communicated at the beginning of the year, we're focused on reengineering our business processes and systems to drive operational efficiencies and to implement AI at greater scale. And finally, we're forecasting earnings per share of $8 plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 131 million shares. Let me wrap up. As we finish the first half of calendar year 2024, I was pleased that we were able to execute to the objectives we shared at the beginning of the year. We prioritize investment to extend our technology differentiation while driving operational improvements. We're encouraged that the spares business recovery is beginning and upgrade activity should improve as we exit the calendar year. Longer term, Lam is well positioned to capitalize the increase in etch and deposition intensity by delivering new capabilities at multiple new manufacturing inflections that we see ahead. We look forward to talking to you in February at our planned Investor Day about the long-term opportunities for Lam to continue our outperformance in the semiconductor industry. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tim Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Doug, I wanted to ask about the service system mix in the guidance. So you said that the service -- I thought you said which you now think it's going to grow modestly this year. But if I flatline service in September and December, it's up 8% year-over-year. So can you just clarify what you're thinking for service in the guidance? Thanks.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Tim, we don't decompose the individual components of the guide. I was clarifying, we now expect [indiscernible] to be up a little bit for the year. It was particularly strong in the June quarter. Whether it is up, down or sideways from that as we go forward. I'm not going to give you individual components of the forecast. But I do think for the year, it's going to grow a little bit.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Great, Doug. Thanks. And then can you talk a little bit about -- just in DRAM, I think there's generally more excitement, Tim, about DRAM WFE among most investors out there about where it could go during this next peak. Obviously, you do very well in NAND. But in DRAM, you did talk about a lot of the investments that you're making. Can you just talk about -- I know your leverage to the advanced packaging part of the HBM dollars being spent but that's still a pretty small piece of it. So can you just maybe give a chance to kind of discuss some of the view that you're not very levered to DRAM and give us a sense of maybe where you're investing and where you think you can gain share in DRAM.
Timothy Archer: Sure. Thanks, Tim. And as you said, we do very well in NAND. We still think NAND day is coming, as I said. We've seen some of that -- those commentaries around the enterprise SSDs, et cetera. But on the DRAM side, the reason we highlighted the progress we're making, especially in this conductor etch. One, it's a new tool we've introduced. It's new capabilities that are very exciting for the industry and really targeted towards the types of ultra small structures that are going to exist in future DRAM nodes going forward. Lam is the global leader in conductor etch. And so we're applying all of that expertise and learning we have towards future DRAM challenges. And I think there's tremendous opportunity for us on those applications, as I pointed out. The other side of it, a lot of the excitement around DRAM is related to HBM. And there, as you commented, we play extremely well with our strong position in both TSV -- etching as well as the TSV electroplating. And I think that we don't see any change in that strong position going forward. So we get the benefit both from the scaling and architectural changes that are occurring in DRAM going forward and from the advanced packaging and HBM related expansion. And all of these -- on both of those sides are multiplied by the fact that you get fewer bits per wafer. And so everybody recognizes you're going to need a lot more DRAM wafers processed going forward. And ultimately, that translates into more equipment from LAM.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you, Tim.
Timothy Archer: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Next question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking question. My first one is for Doug. I think, Doug, you gave some color on China. Kind of curious how to think about China into the back half of this calendar year and into calendar 2025? And along the same path, you kind of mentioned that December quarter, there could be a slight more gross margin headwind. Is there a way to quantify how much that -- how many basis points of headwind would it be in December compared to the 47% in September? And then I have a follow-up for Tim.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, sure. Krish, I'll just remind you what we said last quarter. It hasn't really changed in this quarter and what that statement was that for the year, 2023-2024, China is up. However, it is a somewhat first half weighted year this year as opposed to last year, it was somewhat second half weighted. I'm not communicating, hey, it's going away. It's not going away. It's just the spending because sometimes these customers are a little bit bigger than a bread box, it can be a little bit lumpy and that's very much what we're seeing in China. I'm not ready to tell you exactly what next year looks like from the China region. But I do think it's going to be a pretty solid year, right? Again, it's not going away. It's too soon for us to quantify things for next year, but 25% should be a pretty decent year in China, Krish.
Krish Sankar: And then, Doug, any color on the December quarter gross margin?
Douglas Bettinger: I'm not going to give you a number, Chris, but I've been signaling for a while that because of customer mix, margin will have a little bit of some headwind going into the second half of the year. I just guided you to 47% in September and suggested that there might be a little bit of incremental headwind into December because of customer mix is what I said in the script.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that Doug. And then, Tim, just a quick follow-up. When I look at all the upcoming tech inflections, like gate all around, backside power delivery, maybe down the road [indiscernible] DRAM. You spoke within that, the transition to 4F2 DRAM from 6F2. I'm kind of curious, is this really that material? And if so, is there a way to size the opportunity for Lam at 4F2. You spoke a little bit about [100 to etch] (ph) just kind of wondering if you can give some more color around how to quantify that number for the 4F2 architecture transition. Thank you.
Timothy Archer: Sure. Well, I don't think we're prepared to quantify it for you today. But I think that -- what my comment was, though, we see each of these inflections. And 6F2 to 4F2 is a technology inflection that brings with it some important changes. I mean, one, the architectural layout of the device itself puts additional requirements on etch, which I think we're very well suited to serve. And that's why we've been developing new conductor etch capabilities to target those new requirements. So there is some incremental opportunity there. Clearly, the jump to 3D NAND is a much bigger step-up in etch depth intensity, but our goal is to increase our SAM and grow our share at every technology node. So we look at whatever is the new requirement and how we can best address that. You also look -- as you look at DRAM going forward, another thing that's happening, whether it's 6F2 or 4F2 is the implementation of more EUV layers and how Lam plays in EUV. Again, anything where effectively pattern transfer etches, the feature sizes are getting smaller, precision is required. These are the kinds of high-tech etches that Lam excels at. And so we look at participating in those. And then on the deposition side, of course, we've talked about things like our dry EUV resist process and how that plays into EUV as DRAM and foundry logic transition from EUV to high-end AUV. And so, we're just looking at every technology node as an opportunity for us to gain.
Krish Sankar: Thank you.
Timothy Archer: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Your next question comes from Srinivas Pajjuri with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thank you. Tim, I have a question on DRAM. Obviously, the recovery has been ongoing and HBM is a secular driver that you talked about, and you do have a very strong position in that market as well. Then I look at your revenue, I think it peaked around December of 2023, and it's been kind of declining on a sequential basis. I'm guessing some of that is maybe mature now DRAM. Just wondering if you're kind of at the bottom and then given all the talk about HBM spending, I would think that it's going to kind of -- it should, at some point, come back strongly. So I just want to hear your thoughts on why it's been declining? And how should we think about, in particular, in DRAM revenue.
Timothy Archer: Yes. I think you generally have it pretty correct. We had talked about the fact that some mature DRAM spending was a little bit heavily concentrated in the second half of last year through early part of this year even. And as that came off, there was some of a reset in what we would call kind of traditional or the conventional DRAM. That is being picked up at some rate by the growth in HBM, but HBM itself is still in its ramping phase. And I think that as we look into 2025 becomes an even bigger driver of wafers in DRAM. And so, I think that explains probably the profile. And I think that as we look forward to the secular driver of HBM, the impact on wafer effectively, how many wafers require us to produce that number of bits due to the dye size and due to the complexity of stacking these DRAMs means that we see DRAM demand for DRAM equipment continuing to grow through 2025 and probably well beyond that.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then on the CSBG business being up 20% sequentially, 22%. I know you don't want to give us guidance going forward, at least for the next quarter. I'm just curious about the sustainability of some of the trends that you're seeing, Tim. And then what does that mean for the overall WFE? Is this a prelude to something? And is this just the utilization improving? And then does this usually follow in terms of WFE increasing in terms of new tech migrations or capacity additions. So any color on that would be helpful.
Timothy Archer: Sure. It's a good question. And I guess, again, reminding people that the CSBG business includes our Reliant business, which sells into mature nodes. It includes spares, it includes upgrades and services. And so each of those components move somewhat differently. And we talked about this quarter, particularly being strong as a result of Reliant and spares. We are starting to see a pickup in utilization in the memory fabs as we've talked about. And I've talked a little bit about the fact that as we look forward, we think that upgrades will begin to become a much more prominent part of our customers' WFE spending as they look to upgrade memory fabs that they really haven't been upgraded in quite some time because of the severe downturn that we've seen in that -- in those markets over the last few years. And so I do think, going forward, you see a little bit more of a balance between those different segments. Upgrades coming up stronger and spares continuing to grow simply because our installed base itself continues to get bigger. Traditionally, we would have always said that we would expect the CSBG business to grow every single year, and that's simply effective every year we ship more tools, and those tools then require services and spares and basically present new opportunities for Lam to capture revenue from those systems. So I think long-term, CSBG will be returning back to that growth and next year, probably much more biased towards the upgrades business as customers start to do brand new fab upgrades.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from CJ Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question I was hoping to focus on gross margins. A couple of quarters ago, Doug, you talked about kind of looking back to the June kind of 2023 quarter as normalized. But given the guide today, it sounds like that was conservative and it's a higher number. So just as you think about calendar 2025, as you get to kind of a normalized China mix and you normalize to Reliant, what would be kind of the base level we should be thinking about for gross margins? And then can you talk to what kind of accretion we should be thinking about related to Malaysia and/or some of these higher-margin upgrade drivers?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, CJ, I mean, you've alluded to some of the things that move gross margin on, obviously. Yes, I had previously anchored you and other with respect to that June quarter before the China mix improved or strengthened, I guess, maybe not improved. As the baseline -- I guided it down a little bit in September, described customer mix softening a little bit relative to moving that. And I'm not suggesting, hey, a little bit more in December potentially. It's all about customer mix. Too soon for me to guide you for next year, but the things you should be thinking about is what does that customer mix look like next year? I'm not sure yet, and I'm not ready to point you to numbers, but what we will begin to show up in a more significant fashion is the accretion for -- from those Asia factories as we ramp output, that will be a benefit to gross margins. So those are the moving pieces to be thinking about. The customer mix, I'm not entirely sure, but as we see a likely WFE environment next year, that's somewhat stronger, increasingly, the incremental volume will be supported from those Asia factories, which should be beneficial to gross margin CJ.
CJ Muse: Very helpful. And then I guess as my follow-up, in your prepared remarks you spoke to the 7,500 high aspect ratio etch chambers installed in demand industry. And just curious, as you see upgrades there, what kind of growth could that add to overall NAND WFE specifically to you guys? Is there a kind of percentage we should think about? Any help there would be great.
Timothy Archer: We haven't quantified that, but the reason I included it was simply to point out, the installed base itself becomes powerful driver of revenue during those upgrade cycles. And we do think that the next phase, we've seen higher memory fab utilization, particularly when we talked about NAND beginning to improve last quarter, and that seems to be continuing as we move through the remainder of this year. When we get to next year and the upgrades start in earnest, those tools represent opportunities for Lam to help our customers achieve both a technology upgrade and a bit cost reduction as they move forward and accrues quite a lot of revenue for Lam relative to the amount of WFE spend. I remind people, the WFE Lam's capture rate of spending in an upgrade is significantly higher because etch and deposition represents so much of the upgrade. [indiscernible] size of our installed base.
CJ Muse: Thanks so much.
Timothy Archer: Thanks, CJ.
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. First, I wanted to ask like if the NAND business next year is primarily driven by upgrades, what does that imply for growth? Like would it be conceivable that NAND WFE could double year-over-year in calendar 2025 that was purely upgrade driven? Or would you need capacity additions to get there? And are you seeing any signs at all of capacity additions right now? It doesn't sound like it.
Timothy Archer: Well, Stacy, what I would say is that, obviously, we're not going to guide what NAND WFE is next year. Frankly, I think it's still a developing story. But what we're trying to say is that, as customers move to upgrades, whatever WFE is spent, Lam will be the primary beneficiary of that WFE spend. And so, that's a year in which -- my comment was, we would be confident that we would outgrow WFE in the NAND space if it was primarily upgrade spend. And upgrades represent a tremendous efficient way for customers to essentially advance their technology and lower their costs. And so, we do think that will be the next phase of NAND investment based on our thoughts.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Got it. I mean maybe to follow-up on that just a little bit. I mean, if you look at your current like NAND outlook for this year, would you say that, that outlook has gotten better or worse or stayed the same versus like 90 days ago?
Douglas Bettinger: It probably hasn't changed much, Stacy. This is Doug. Maybe a little bit better. We're certainly see a little bit of an uptick in utilization. But I don't think it's meaningfully different, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: So got it. So it's kind of a noise.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, kind of a noise.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Given the strength in CSBG, it looks like utilization by your customer base continues to rise. Did that also broaden out to start to include not just leading etch logic foundry, DRAM and NAND, but maybe also start to include mature and specialty fabs as well? Or are at a minimum, mature and specialty utilization at least stabilizing in line with some of the cyclical improvements that we're seeing in the semi industry?
Douglas Bettinger: Harlan, maturing that stuff is still pretty soft, frankly. And I think you understand what's going on. If you just listen to everybody else's earnings calls in the analog, industrial, automotive space. There's still a lot of inventory out there, it's still relatively soft. The statements we're making on utilization have more to do with what we're seeing in the memory fabs, quite frankly.
Harlan Sur: I appreciate that. And then on HBM and advanced packaging. I mean last night we heard AMD talk about supply dynamics being tight on their AI GPU supply next year [indiscernible] and HBM. On the custom ASIC front, we hear companies like Broadcom keep getting upside orders from their AI customers like Google. Last quarter, you talked about doing $1 billion in advanced packaging and HBM revenues this year. Has that number moved higher and is the team capacity constrained on advanced packaging systems and are your lead times here for those tools starting to stretch out?
Timothy Archer: Well, it has moved higher, and we're not going to requantify it just yet, but it is -- we're seeing very strong demand in those areas. I talked about the expansion of our global manufacturing supply chain footprint. And obviously, that's giving us more flexibility than we had during the last ramp. Our goal through all those investments was to be able to respond in this next few years of expansion better than we did in the expansion that we saw right around the time of COVID. And so, I think that, that will position us. Im sure, you're always a little bit short when customers always drop in tools within your lead time, which keeps you busy. But I think that we're doing quite a nice job responding to the urgent request from our customers. We actually like this. I would say that generally from running the business, we like this environment where all parts of our business are a little bit supply constrained. I mean, you hear a lot of our customers talking about being cautious about adding capacity. Other customers talking about having a little trouble getting tools. I think that's a good place for us to be because it means that I think we're setting up for more manageable long-term ramp of demand than sort of a short spike followed by, again, periods of digestion that always creates a little bit of chaos in the industry.
Harlan Sur: Thank you, Tim. Thanks, Doug.
Timothy Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Doug, if I look at the 2023 year-over-year China sales growth among the big five equipment makers. All of them are up quite well. [indiscernible] is up like 250% and the U.S. peers are up in teens or 20%, but you guys were down 11% total China sales in 2023. And this year, you're expecting China sales to be up. So I'm just trying to understand the dynamics last year. Were this just a function of maybe NAND spending and the NAND project not being active? Or are there competitive elements in China that are working against you?
Timothy Archer: Atif, I'll remind you that perhaps our largest customer got restricted when the regulations came out, our NAND customer in China. That customer was pretty strong in 2022, went away in 2023. So the year-over-year comparisons you're making, you've got to factor that in. And then the strength we're seeing in 2023 to 2024 is a different mix entirely, really not any NAND in China to speak of, at least not domestic China. I don't know if that helps you, but make sure you're thinking about that.
Atif Malik: Yes, it all makes it. That's helpful. And then on the cryo improvement, Tim, that you mentioned, are those improvements or process tool of record is going to solidify your market share next year or the year after?
Timothy Archer: Well, I think that all of these things. When you introduce something new, I mean I think what people kind of lose sight of is. Generally, we're working several years ahead with our customers on R&D. I talked about the investments we're making where we make -- we're building labs close to our customers in different geographies. That's because, in many cases, we're engaging those customers a good five years ahead of production implementation. That's not to say Lam Cryo 3.0 is going to take five years to get into production. But it's not a technology disramping, say, this year, but it really is looking out at the needs of our customers wanted to generations out and really solving their difficult etch challenges. So sometimes when the benefits are so good, and I talked about the fact that we get about 2.5 times etch rate, tremendous profile control, customers will often pull that in sooner. But really, this is designed for kind of the 400-plus layer may ultimately end up being pulled in earlier than that, but that's where you really start to see the needs for this kind of capability.
Atif Malik: Exactly I was asking about it. It is 400 layers or 200 layers, but it sounds like 200 layer.
Timothy Archer: Yes. And I think that what we -- you'll see in our press release today, we talked a little bit about -- we're trying to chart the path across not only etch, but also our deposition films towards where the industry needs to go to get to 1,000 layers, because we truly see over the next decade that that's where you want to get in terms of satisfying bit density and cost as NAND demand continues to expand with AI.
Atif Malik: Great. Thank you.
Timothy Archer: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking the questions. I joined late, so I do apologize if these questions have been addressed. Just on the third-generation cryo tool, Tim, that you spoke about. How is this technology or tool fundamentally different or better than your nearest competitor? I know you just spoke to some of the characteristics, but if you can clarify that for us to the extent you're comfortable, that would be really, really helpful. And then my second question, again, on the CSBG side, probably one for Doug. And again, you may have address this. For the full year -- calendar year, I think you previously said flattish, plus or minus. Is that still the view? Or given the strength you saw in June, is that -- should we be thinking about a higher growth rate for the full year? Thank you.
Douglas Bettinger: Maybe I'll take that one first, and then I'll let Tim comment on the 3.0 stuff. Yes, you might have missed my scripted statements. As we sit here today, we now expect that for 2024 CSBG, the word I used was modestly grow this year versus last year. And part of that is, we saw particular strength in the June quarter in Reliant. Little bit of an improvement in spares. And as we think about the utilization trends that are likely occurring with our memory customers, I think spares continues to be decent and we're optimistic that we'll start to see some of the upgrade spend that we've been talking about for a while. And I'll hand it over to Tim on the 3.0 stuff.
Timothy Archer: Sure, Doug. Yes. I think, obviously, what I would just start with is the biggest difference between what we're delivering with Lam Cryo 3.0 and what our competitors do is in the results on the wafer, which we talked about pretty amazing 10-micron deep holes with less than a 10-nanometer paper from the top to bottom. At etch rates that are 2.5 times conventional etching. So it's the results that are pretty amazing. We talked about the fact that the -- this is based on some new surface chemistries that are enabled in our tool -- and there's a whole combination of hardware issue -- hardware configuration and capabilities in our tool that I think allow us to achieve that result. And I can't go into all of those details today, but it is I did allude to one of them, which is on our Vantex system. The chamber design allows us to deliver a significantly higher ion energy than what is available from any other system available in the semiconductor industry. And that does play some role in etching these very, very deep near -- holes with near perfect verticality. So that's about all I can say today. .
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. Appreciate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wanted to ask you, I mean, there's been a number of press concerns about export controls with talking about the foreign direct product rule which doesn't seem like it would affect you, but also talking about entity list. And I'm just wondering, obviously, we don't know what would happen with any of that. But are you seeing any different behavior from your China customers? Are you seeing them push things in or pull things -- push things out because of any of those anxieties.
Timothy Archer: Yes. Joe, I think that obviously, we don't know exactly what's going to happen either just as you said, and so we can't really speculate on that. I have mentioned in the last couple of calls that there are ongoing discussions all the time with the U.S. government and regulatory agencies were part of those discussions and will continue to be. I think in terms of change in behavior by any of our customers, I don't think it's something that's noticeable nor it would be something that we would be able to easily react to. We've talked about how we deal with some of these new customers that emerge with down payments and other things to make sure that we understand the -- those customers as viable customers. But beyond that, we service them like others at this point as long as we can ship to them, I would say, lead times and responsiveness from our perspective is same as we treat any customers of those size.
Joseph Moore: Very helpful. Thank you.
Timothy Archer: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey. Thanks for let me ask question. I actually -- I know you got a couple on this, Doug, on the China business. I'm just kind of curious, you -- I think you qualified as a solid year next year, and I just didn't know what that meant. So I know you've been hesitant to kind of call China, I think you called it like flat, plus or minus, maybe up or down last time. Do you feel better about it, I guess, outside of this June that's the other kind of part of the question. Just if you can qualify a little bit. I mean, you should have some idea of what you're going to [indiscernible]. So was June kind of a cleanup and it might be a little bit lumpy and/or is China actually trending a bit better for you?
Douglas Bettinger: I don't know, Blayne, that I'm trying to communicate anything any different than we said on the last call, to be honest with you. We described this year as somewhat first half weighted, really no change to that. The June quarter was maybe a little tiny bit stronger in China, but only a little tiny bit. It's too soon for me to -- for us to quantify 2025. But what I would tell you is, I expect next year to be a solid year in terms of spending in China. I'm not going to give you a number yet, because I'm not completely sure. But what I wouldn't want anybody to think is, it's going away because it's not.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. And then I'm just kind of curious, the broad strokes was growth for next year. I know you don't want to give a forecast. But in terms of the moving pieces there, I mean, it's pretty clear leading etch is strong, DRAM spend is strong. I'm just kind of curious as you look into that forecast, if you're willing to venture kind of a view on the NAND business.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. I think NAND spending next year has to be greater than it is this year, right? We're off two years of quite low spending in NAND. I don't know at what magnitude. I expect next year -- we expect next year, you're going to see a lot of upgrades in NAND. But too soon for us to give you a number, but I would be shocked if it's not stronger than it is this year, it has to be.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks, Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Blayne.
Operator: Next question comes from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joseph Quatrochi: Yes. Thank for taking the questions. I wanted to try on the NAND side again. If we just think about your prior peak NAND revenue ex customers that are obviously now restricted, can capacity upgrade to just higher layer counts support your return to those levels, just given your higher share of higher etch and depth intensity for the transitions?
Douglas Bettinger: Joe, if its just an upgrade year, spending will be lower than when capacity gets added, obviously, our share of wallet will be greater. The fact that we lost a pretty large NAND customer in the China region, hard to replace that. I'm not ready to tell you what kind of next year is relative to previous peaks. But I know next year is going to be a stronger year in NAND than it is this year for sure.
Timothy Archer: Yes. And Joe, I think that obviously, we're talking next year, it's very specific to the demand environment and the upgrade business in 2025. Longer term, I mean, we've laid out, in our view, is that NAND spending rises. And so it's just a matter of the time frame you're looking at. And from the standpoint of Lam's business, the etch and depth components and the complexity of tear stacking the precision that's required for implementation of QLC and PLC technologies, all of these skewed towards Lam's technical strengths and also SAM expansion opportunities. I talked about the PECVD pure carbon gap fill process, which is a new addition to the portfolio for NAND scaling technology going forward. And so, if I go back and I look at where we were in the portfolio, we had to sell, when people used to think of NAND is a very, very strong business for Lam, we've expanded that portfolio quite substantially with the gap fill, the backside stress management, the ALD oxide gap fill process plus the etch and stack debt that we've always had as well as metallization. So it's one of growth in NAND demand, but also growth in Lam's portfolio and served market as well opportunities ahead. So I think that bodes well for us once the NAND business itself starts to recover.
Joseph Quatrochi: That's helpful color. And just as a quick follow-up. You talked about global mature node spending being roughly flat this year. Can you just help us understand just kind of how does that break down? I mean, I think clearly, the non-China piece is pretty weak. But just any kind of color there you could help us parse that out.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, you answered your own question, Joe. China is decent right now. Outside of China, it's pretty soft. And I think you understand what's going on, There's inventory that's built up for these inventories still need to come down in the mature node, analog, industrial automotive space and investment won't meaningfully occur until that gets adjusted. So that's kind of what's going on. You sort of answered your own question.
Joseph Quatrochi: Fair enough. Thanks.
Douglas Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Next question is a follow-up question from Krish Sankar. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow up. Doug, I just had a quick follow-up. It's a question on inventory. You spoke about bringing on inventory turns down. I was just kind of curious like how to think about inventory next year, especially you're planning for a strong WFE year in 2025? Or do you think most of this inventory would be in a bin, how to think about inventory next year? Thank you.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. Listen, if you think back to when business declined for us last year, a big part of what fell off pretty rapidly was our NAND business. And so a lot of the inventory that we still have sitting on the balance sheet will support NAND. So when -- assuming NAND is stronger next year, and it will be, we will consume that NAND inventory that's been sitting on the balance sheet for a while. What will offset that to a certain extent is growth elsewhere, where we'll need to procure new inventory. So I'm not ready to give you an inventory forecast quite yet, but we're continuing to work as we go through the remainder of this year to kind of bring it down and then what we do with next year will depend largely on the timing of business, the mix of business, the geographic distribution of business, but we'd like to get turns back to where they historically have been and they're not there yet. So that's how you should be thinking about it, Krish.
Krish Sankar: Thank you. Very helpful. Thanks, Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Melissa Weathers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Melissa Weathers: Hi, there. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask on the leading etch and specifically gate all around nodes. I don't think I heard an update to your $1 billion gate all around revenues in 2024 target. So is that still the case? And then as we think about those nodes ramping through next year, like what's the trajectory of that ramp that we should be thinking about as you move from pilot lines into high-volume manufacturing?
Timothy Archer: Yes. Thanks, Melissa. I mean we always make choices about what we do and don't include it in the prepared remarks and gate all around fell out this time, just no intended message. In fact, if I look at what happened in the quarter, Lam, again, as we've talked on previous calls, is really positioned quite nicely with our forward-looking etch and depth portfolios. We really targeted those kind of markets with new tools in selected etch, which is a market we hadn't been in before. And in fact, in the quarter, we had additional selected etch wins for gate all around at multiple customers. We targeted investment in ALD films that are specifically needed for things like spacers and gate all around, and we had additional wins in the quarter for those films. Often with gate all around, we think of those -- they are obviously different technologies, but kind of occurring at the same node, the backside power delivery. That's an area that is really right in our sweet spot in terms of deposition and etch. And in the quarter, we had wins in backside power in ALD oxide. And so I would say net-net, I mean, given those wins and what you're hearing from the end markets about the need for high-power computing demand for AI, I think the $1 billion forecast we gave you, certainly, as we move through next year would be going higher. And so, again, that's a combination of rising demand, but also a product portfolio that's both expanding and one in which we're winning share. And so, there was no message about leaving it off, but thank you for asking the question so we could get that in right at the end.
Melissa Weathers: Okay. Thank you. Thats all my questions there.
Douglas Bettinger: Awesome, operator, I think that concludes our call. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at a variety of conferences and interactions as we go through the remainder of the quarter. Appreciate it.
Timothy Archer: Thank you.
Operator: Conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Lam Research March 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please also note, todays event is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the floor over to Ram Ganesh, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Ram Ganesh: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the March 2024 quarter and our outlook for the June 2024 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. We are having some technical difficulties posting our earnings call slides externally. We will try to post it as the call is going on, if not, we will post it on our website after this call. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Timothy Archer: Thanks, Ram, and thank you to everyone joining us today. Lam is off to a strong start in calendar 2024. With revenues, profitability, and earnings per share for the March quarter all exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. These results, as well as our outlook for the June quarter, point to Lam's solid execution in an industry environment that is progressing much as we predicted in our January call. Today, we see industry WFE spending for calendar 2024 in the low to mid $90 billion range, with the modest increase from our prior view driven mainly by additional lithography shipments into China. We see no meaningful change to our outlook for Lam's overall 2024 revenue profile. From an industry perspective, DRAM remains strong, with WFE spending driven by growing demand for high bandwidth memory and sustained investment in domestic China. In Foundry Logic, growth and leading edge spending this year is being partially offset by a decline in mature node spending outside of domestic China. Domestic China spending is running higher than we had previously expected probably we still see it being first half weighted with Lam's revenue contribution from China declining as the year progresses. In NAND, we continue to expect year- on-year growth in WFE spending in calendar 2024. Encouragingly, we've seen an uptick in fabulization and in the March quarter, this is translated into double digit percent growth quarter- over-quarter in our spares revenues. The supply and demand continue to normalize to the remainder of the year, we see a strong setup developing for 2025 NAND spending. As we move toward a broader WFE recovery, Lam stands to benefit from powerful secular drivers of semiconductor growth and innovation. Generative AI and other emerging smart applications are built on a foundation of semiconductor technology and are expected to deliver trillions of dollars of economic benefit at a global level over the next decade. AI's transformative use cases, foreseen in both consumer and enterprise markets, are only in the early stages of realization and we believe that significant investment in semiconductor manufacturing capacity will be required to satisfy the coming demand for advanced compute, memory, and storage. In this environment, the winners will be the equipment companies that can accelerate the pace of technology advancement while at the same time deliver innovations that disrupt the rising cost and complexity of semiconductor fabrication. To this end, Lam is investing in two differentiated approaches. First, we are putting more capabilities and resources close to our customers to strengthen collaboration. And second, we are leveraging Lam's proprietary semiverse solutions digital twin capabilities to reduce the time and cost of technology development. Already, we are seeing Lam's distributed R&D footprint having a positive effect. In the past quarter, we've used our customer-centric lab investments in Korea, Taiwan, and the US to accelerate cycles of learning on new applications resulting in important wins for Lam in both DRAM and foundry logic advanced packaging. With respect to semiverse solutions, we leverage a portfolio of digital twins created at the scale of the device, the process, and the reactor to model complex interactions that influence tool performance and productivity. Lams engineers now regularly use these capabilities to optimize multidimensional etch and deposition process recipes faster and with less on-tool wafer experimentation. Turning to demand related to AI, the early impact has been most prominent in DRAM and foundry logic. We believe, however, that AI's impact on storage is still ahead and represents a key vector of long-term growth for our NAND business. More advanced AI applications need faster, more power-efficient, and higher density NAND storage. NAND-based enterprise solid-state drives, or ESSDs, are 50 times faster in read-write capability, 2 to 5 times more power efficient, and use 50% less space at the system level compared to hard disk drives or HDDs. Today, over 80% of enterprise data is stored on HDDs. And we expect this mix to shift in favor of SSDs as NAND capability and cost continues to improve. This is where Lam is playing a key role by enabling technologies which are critical for both performance and cost scaling. In deposition, for example, Lam is leading the transition from tungsten to molybdenum in the worldwide to improve device access time and reduce stack height per storage cell. In etch, Lam is using high aspect ratio cryogenic etch to enhance productivity of memory hole formation. Today, we are approaching 1,000 Cryo Etch chambers in our high-volume manufacturing installed base. In partnership with our customers, we're using the tremendous amount of data coming from this installed base to rapidly improve technology and cost at each successive layer transition in NAND. Recently, we combined the learning from the installed base with the capabilities of our semiverse solutions simulation tools to further strengthen our differentiation. As a result of our accelerated innovation, we have defended every NAND high aspect ratio memory hole etch production decision made so far by customers. With respect to DRAM, AI servers use high bandwidth memory, or HBM, to increase read, write speed and reduce server power consumption. HBM stacks multiple DRAM dies using TSVs, enabling 15x more data throughput than standard DRAM. However, HBM also requires an approximate threefold increase in wafers per bit compared to conventional memory. With this in mind, it's important that our SABRE 3D and Syndion tools not only provide best-in-class plating and etch capabilities, but also deliver industry-leading throughput and productivity to keep overall costs low for our customers. We are the leading player in TSV applications for HBM and expect our HBM-related shipments to grow more than three times in calendar year 2024. Finally, on the foundry logic side, Lam tools, including selective etch and ALD, are well-positioned to help enable the move from FinFET to gate all-around, a key transition needed to improve transistor performance per watt by 15% to 20%. We see our shipments for gate all-around nodes in calendar year 2024 exceeding $1 billion. Lam tools are also enabling foundry logic inflections such as backside power delivery, molybdenum interconnects, and drive holders as processes for EUV patterning. Our traction with customers is strong on these inflections, and together, they represent a multi-billion dollar growth opportunity for Lam as AI drives a greater need for faster, more power-efficient devices. To conclude, the proliferation of AI, the global push for localized chip manufacturing capacity and the ubiquity of semiconductors in new consumer and commercial products represent powerful, secular drivers for Lam and the rest of the semiconductor equipment industry in the years ahead. We are pleased with the company's execution and our results in the March quarter and remain focused on our opportunity to outperform through this next leg of industry growth. Thank you, and I'll now turn it over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger : Great. Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining our call today during what I know is a busy earnings season. We delivered solid results in the March 2024 quarter. Our March quarter results came in over the midpoint of our guidance ranges for all financial metrics. I'm pleased with the company's continued robust execution. We achieved the highest gross margin percentage since the merging of Lam with Novellus. We also continued to generate very strong free cash flow of $1.3 billion or 34% of revenue. Let's dive into the details of our March quarter results. Revenue for the March quarter was $3.79 billion, which was roughly flat with the prior quarter. Our deferred revenue balance at the end of the quarter was $1.75 billion, which was a decrease of $182 million from the December quarter related to revenue recognized that was tied to those customer advanced payments. I believe deferred revenue will continue to trend downwards as we continue throughout the year. From a segment perspective, March quarters systems revenue and memory was 44%, which is a decrease from the prior quarter level of 48%. The decline in the memory segment was attributable to DRAM coming in at 23% of systems revenue versus the 31% that we saw in the December quarter. DRAM spending was focused on the 1Y, 1-alpha, and 1-beta nodes, spending largely driven by DDR5 and high bandwidth memory enablement. As we noted in the last quarter, non-volatile memory WFE is increasing in 2024, but it remained at a subdue level on a mixed basis for the March quarter. This segment represented 21% of our systems revenue, up from 17% in the prior quarter. I do just want to mention one thing. We are characterizing one customer's investment in specialty DRAM as a non-volatile investment, since it has a non-volatile component to the device. This might be different than what others in the industry are doing. NAND investment was driven by very modest spending and conversions to 2XX and 3XX layer devices. The foundry segment represented 44% of our system's revenue, a slight increase from the percentage concentration in the December quarter of 38%. Growth was driven predominantly by domestic China shipments. And finally, the logic and other segments were 12% of our system's revenue in the March quarter down from the prior quarter level of 14%. The decline was driven by continued mature node softness. Now, I'll discuss the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at 42%, up slightly from 40% in the prior quarter. While most of our China revenue continued to be from domestic Chinese customers, this was the largest quarter for multinational spending in China since mid-last year. We expect spending from this region to increase year-over-year in 2024. I believe it will, however, decline as we go through the year. Our next largest geographic concentration was Korea at 24% of revenue in the March quarter versus 19% in the December quarter. Japan and Taiwan rounded out the remainder of the top four regions. Our customer support business group generated revenue in the March quarter totaling approximately $1.4 billion. This was down 4% from the December quarter and 13% lower than the March quarter in calendar year 2023. Our Reliant systems revenue decreased in the March quarter due to continued weakness in mature node investments, partially offset by a higher level of spares. Reliant is at the lowest revenue level in the last two years, and spares is at the highest revenue level since the end of 2022. The spares business is seeing very early signs of positive impact from utilization increases from our customers. Turning to the gross margin performance, the March quarter came in at 48.7% above the midpoint of our guided range, and above the December quarter level of 47.6%. The increase was primarily a result of favorable changes in product and customer mix, as well as improved factory efficiencies. March quarter offering expenses were $698 million, up from the prior quarter amount of $662 million. This was due in part to expenses incurred for an extra week in the quarter. I'll remind you, it was a 14-week quarter, as well as our conscious growth in R&D spending. As Tim mentioned, we remain laser-focused on investing in R&D to extend our product and competitive differentiation. R&D, as a percentage of spending, was at a high watermark coming in at 71% of total spending. Operating margin for the current quarter was 30.3% in line with the December quarter level of 30% and at the high end of our guidance range. This was primarily because of the strong gross margin performance, which was somewhat offset by the growth in R&D investment. Our non -GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 11.7% consistent with our expectations. Looking further into calendar 2024, we continue to believe the tax rate will be in the low to mid- teens with some possible fluctuations quarter by quarter. Other income and expense for the March quarter came in at $10 million in income, compared with $5 million in income in the December quarter. The increase in OI&E was due to higher cash balances and higher interest rates. OI&E will be subject to market-related fluctuations that could cause some level of volatility quarter by quarter. On the capital return side of things, we allocated approximately $860 million to share repurchases and we paid $263 million in dividends in the March quarter. Our share repurchase activity included both open market repurchases as well as an accelerated share repurchase arrangement. The ASRs continued to execute into the month of April. And I would just mention, we continue to track towards our long-term capital return plans of returning 75% to 100% of our free cash flow. March quarter diluted earnings per share was $7.79 towards the higher end of our guided range. The diluted share count was 132 million shares on track with expectations and down from the December quarter. We have $1.2 billion remaining on our board authorized share repurchase plan. Let me pivot to the balance sheet, our cash and short-term investments at the end of the March quarter totaled $5.7 billion, up a little bit from $5.6 billion at the end of the December quarter. The increase was largely due to collections with an extra week in the March quarter offset by cash allocated to share buyback, dividend payments, and capital expenditures. Day sales outstanding was 57 days in the March quarter, decreased from 66 days in the December quarter. Inventory at the end of the March quarter totaled $4.3 billion, down $107 million from the December quarter level. Inventory turns remained flat from the prior quarter level at 1.8x. We are making progress in bringing inventory levels down, and we will continue to work on this throughout calendar 2024. Noncash expenses for the March quarter included approximately $77 million in equity compensation, $75 million in appreciation, and $15 million in amortization. Capital expenditures in the March quarter were $104 million, down $12 million from the December quarter. Spending was primarily centered on Lam expansions in the United States and Asia, supporting our global strategy to be close to our customers' development locations. We ended the March quarter with approximately 17,200 regular full time employees, which was flat with the prior quarter. Let's now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the June 2024 quarter, we're expecting revenue of $3.8 billion, plus or minus $300 million, gross margin of 47.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This gross margin decline from March is reflective of a quarter-to-quarter change in customer mix, operating margins of 29.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This reflects our continued commitment to prioritize R&D spending. And finally, earnings per share of $7.50, plus or minus $0.75, based on a share count of approximately 131 million shares. So let me wrap up. 2024 is a year of continued transformation for Lam Research. We're investing in our long-term strategy to extend our technology leadership and operational excellence while efficiently managing overall spending. We're encouraged that the long-term drivers of semiconductor growth, such as artificial intelligence, are seeing accelerated adoption. And we expect Lam to be a strong beneficiary of these trends. We are well-positioned for the architectural and material change coming, such as gate-all-around, advanced packaging, backside power delivery, and the move to dry photoresist. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Krish Sankar from TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. First one for Tim. Tim, a question on high aspect ratio, etch for NAND, very high market share. And you said in your prepared comments, you defended market share there. Your competitor, the Tokyo Electron, introduced a Cryo Etch product a year ago, but you also have one from three years ago. So I'm kind of curious. Can you talk a little bit about the market share dynamics and high aspect ratio etch? And the fact that some of your customers are talking about using Cryo Etch for like 430 Lam NAND. So can you give us some color there on high aspect ratio, etch? And then I'll follow up with Doug.
Timothy Archer: Sure. Kris, on Cryo Etch, I mean, I had a couple of data points in my prepared remarks. But one is we have an installed base of Cryo Etch tools used for NAND that's now approaching 1,000 chambers. So obviously, we've been in high volume production with this application for quite some time. And my comment was that there always are customers exploring different options during the development phase. But as my comment is, these are very complex processes to put into high-volume production. And so we continue to leverage the learning that we get working with our customers to focus on technology extension and manufacturing readiness. And by that focus, we've been able to defend the decisions once they come to that point of the customer really having to decide which tool to commit their next fabrication line to incidence. So all we can say is we're working hard to make sure we have the best tool for the application. And so far, it's winning the day.
Krish Sankar: Got it. So good to hear that the share is still solid. And then a follow-up for Doug on margins. Doug, you kind of mentioned about the gross margin, maybe moderation in the June quarter due to the customer mix. Is it mainly a function of China and how to think about gross margins in the second half? And maybe if you can extend that question, how to think about OpEx into the back half of the year too.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Kris, I guess I'd say a couple things. First, gross margin sometimes is a little bit better when we're selling to smaller customers. And I'm not going to pin it to any one geographic region necessarily. But in China, there are some smaller customers, and they tend to, because we have volume purchase pricing sometimes, they pay a little bit more. But it's not because of the geographic region, it's because of the size of the customer. So that's one thing to think about in my scripted remarks as well as what Tim said is we think that the China region will modulate a little bit as we go through the year. So that's part of what you need to think about. And I've been talking about this for a couple of quarters. So anyway, have that in mind when you're updating your models. Second, we've been talking I think for a couple of quarters now, maybe actually three quarters, about the need to grow R&D investment this year because of these technology changes that we see like gate-all-around, backside power, advanced packaging and so forth, dry photoresist. And we are absolutely planning on doing that. You saw that in the March quarter, R&D is a percent of total spending was the highest that I have seen here at 71% and we intend to keep investing in R&D. So independent of whatever the top line is, we are going to grow R&D investment this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. So I want to ask about China. So it's good to modulate through the year the mix, but it sounds like it's still going to be up year-over-year for domestic China this year. So I guess my question is, we've seen some headlines on a few entities being potentially added to the entity list and I'm wondering if these comments reflect the potential addition of these entities. Or does it basically say, hey, if the status quo remains, this is what your assumption is, meaning that if there were entities added, that would be downside to these comments.
Timothy Archer: Yes, Tim, I mean, obviously, we can't forecast changes in U.S. trade policy with respect to China that we don't know about. And so, we're basically giving you our best view of what we think our China business will be through the rest of the year and recognizing that there could be changes that we don't foresee. And what I will say is we, obviously, we've built up what we believe is a strong government affairs team. We've plugged in to all the relevant discussions. And I think over the last couple of years, you've seen we have a pretty strong track record of working with the U .S. government, responding to export control policy, and that's just what we're trying to do going on in the future.
Timothy Arcuri: Sure, thanks, Tim, thanks. And Doug, I just wanted to ask about service a bit. So there's so much different dynamics happening in the Spares and in the Reliant business. Can you talk about that? Because certainly sounds, I mean, this is kind of an odd situation that we'd have, Spares be so strong and Reliant be so weak. So can you sort of give us any read throughs there? Like, what does that mean for the future of that business? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, listen, I think it's well understood right now that you got two dynamics going on relative to thinking about the different components of CSPG. First, industry utilization is starting to get somewhat better. I would definitely say it's early days for that. But the reason I specifically talked about the Spares level versus where it's been over the last couple of years is because of that. That clearly is beginning to show up in our Spares business. However, when you look at CSPG in total, we were down now because of the softness in Reliant. I also think that's pretty well understood in the industry, right. Mature node investment outside of the China region certainly is pretty soft right now. And so you have those two competing dynamics going on that's showing up in the CSPG line. If I was guessing, Tim, right now, CSPG is probably flattish this year from last year because of those two offsetting dynamics, if that helps you think about it.
Timothy Arcuri: Perfect. I got it.
Timothy Archer: Tim, I think the only thing I would add there is when you think about the CSPG business a little bit longer term. I mean clearly, we commented on utilization starting to pick up, but as we move into 2025, I think we also will see significant upgrade activity coming back in, especially in the NAND space. We talked about the fact that there is a large portion of that installed base that has not yet been moved towards the technology nodes that are most useful for our customers, and so I think that will also flow through into the CSPG business in perhaps not so much this year, but clearly as we move into 2025 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. And thanks for taking my question. With an accelerated compute and AI semiconductor segment to the market, there still seems to be a lot of constraints centered around high bandwidth memory and tightness and [inaudible] packaging. Obviously, you guys have a very strong position here, as you mentioned, Tim. You guys previously talked about this business, this opportunity is being potentially like a billion dollar per year type of revenue opportunity, but just given the strong demand pull and some of the expanding use cases, I mean, is the Lam team already on track to drive a billion plus dollars in advanced packaging revenues this year? And now that the trends are in place like what's kind of your new or maybe revised view on the revenue opportunity here for the team over the next few years?
Timothy Archer: Yes, Harlan, I think that you're right. There is strong pull, and I mean, obviously, we are responding as quickly as we can to the demand. Our advanced packaging equipment this year will be over a billion dollars, and so that's kind of an important milestone for us. I don't know how to give you like that next milestone, obviously we're seeing tremendous growth and demand in this area. Our positions are strong, not only as you said in the Foundry Logic side of advanced packaging, but also as we talked specifically about our very strong positions in HBM related, what we consider packaging side of HBM. And so I think it's just an area where we'll see good long-term growth. We are investing again in this area. We've talked in the past about our work in the panel processing space, trying to look ahead to see where the packaging market is going to go to make sure that we are fully capable of taking advantage of what we see as a real long-term secular driver for semiconductors and the equipment industry.
Harlan Sur: Yes, no, congratulations on hitting that milestone. For my follow-up question, with your customers and their spending outlooks looking more constructive, their cycle dynamics continues to improve, you got strong tailwinds on manufacturing complexity translate the growth. Look appears quite solid right for the team. So if I look out beyond this year and the ramp of your new Malaysia manufacturing facility I mean not only, is it low-cost geo like you guys have mentioned, but you've got highly skilled workforce. You also set up the supply chain support infrastructure locally as well. So I don't know if it's for Tim or Doug but is there any way to think about the incremental gross margin benefit on incremental revenues that flow out of the Malaysia factory as you start to load it.
Timothy Archer: Let me take the first part of it and then I'll let Doug talk specifically about the gross margin comment. I think it's one thing that that I think we're feeling very comfortable with which is your last question was boy there must be a lot of demand and you've got to be ramping up for that. I think as we come into this next up cycle, we feel very well positioned relative to all the things you just talked about the physical capacity, the trained workforce, the supply chain has been built up and made more resilient since the last big upturn in the industry where we saw lots of constraints. And so I think from that standpoint, we feel really good that we have executed on the operation side of the house, now we just need to start seeing the kinds of new peak volumes that will demonstrate that externally. And I'll let Doug address here gross margin question.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Harlan, I guess I just remind you what I've said in prior quarters, which is I don't want you to run ahead of that financial model we put out in 2020. That's still the right way to think about it. Now, obviously right now we've got quite favorable customer mix. I don't expect that to continue long. I don't know maybe I'm wrong about that but the benefit from Malaysia after we came to the inflationary stuff and whatnot was completely how we intend to get back to the gross margin and better than that financial model, maybe we can push a little higher. Certainly, we're not going to stop staying focused on that. But that's the way to think about it is Malaysia is still into the future, it will show up when we ramp incremental volumes and we're ready for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srinivas Pajjuri from Raymond James.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thank you. Doug, I think on the China side, just one clarification, were you expecting China to moderate in this quarter? Did it come in better than you expected? And then, just to go back to your comment about China moderation through the rest of the year, any particular segment within China, I mean, is it DRAM or is it logic or is it both? If you can add some color to that, that'll be helpful.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Srini, it came in pretty much as we expected. I suggested last quarter that it was going to continue to remain pretty good in March. So no, that was pretty much as we expected. And I don't know like at a segment level that I've got any specific color for you relative to the China slowing a little bit in the second half. There's such a broad set of customers there that are in every segment. It's in DRAM. It's in foundry. It's in logic and it's a broad set. So when we look at that in total, I do see it somewhat weighted here to the early part of the year and it'll modulate somewhat, but nothing specific I had to share with you from a segment standpoint.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thanks, Doug. And then maybe for Tim. Tim, some of your large customers got, pretty good amount of subsidies from the government recently on the CHIPS Act and other stuff outside of the U.S. as well. So I'm just wondering what sort of impact should we expect in terms of your own business as, I guess that money comes in and any, I guess, thoughts on the timing of potential orders from this incremental funding that they're getting? Thank you.
Timothy Archer: I mean, obviously, you've seen in just even the last few weeks quite a few announcements about the CHIPS Act grants in the U.S. I'll also note that there are similar CHIPS Act programs going on in places like Japan and obviously a little bit further out in the future in Europe and elsewhere. And so, we've always said these are more of a 25, 26, 27 timeframe from the equipment side, especially the shorter lead time tools like we provide. So you see the FAB coming up, a lot of construction connectivity, you see long lead time tools go in and then we know that our time will come. I mean and so I think it's still a 25, 26, 27 opportunity for us. But the important thing is, well, that's a lot of extra money that maybe what's really exciting about it is most of that is targeted towards truly the leading edge nodes. And one thing about Lam's story is that we have focused a lot of R&D investment to build our position in leading edge foundry logic in the next generations of DRAM and high bandwidth memory as well as of course continuing our strength in NAND. And so as we see these new fabs come up, I mean it's not only additional spending, but it's at nodes where we believe that we will actually do better from a SAM and market share perspective. And so we're patiently waiting, but we know it's going to come. You can go visit the sites. The fab buildings are there, and they're feverishly working to get them ready for equipment.
Operator: Our next question comes from C J Muse from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Christopher Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, I wanted to try to get a little bit more color on your updated WFE outlook. It looks like you're taking it up by about $7 billion. You talked about that being really litho, not impacting you. So I guess should we infer from that you're still expecting WFE up kind of low to mid-single digits? And as part of that, how are you thinking about those four large drivers, particularly I guess two or three of them, and the growth potential there and the relative outperformance that you expect to see?
Timothy Archer: Yes, CJ. I mean, obviously one of our peers in the industry reported last week. We took a look at it and just have a view that we missed a little bit of what was shifting into China. That is the vast majority, if not all, of the change in WFE from our point of view. There are always some moving pieces. DRAM is maybe a little stronger. Trailing etch, foundry logic is probably a little bit softer. But at the end of the day, the biggest change that we saw was litho. We missed it a little bit because it's not part of our addressable market. I'm not sure I caught all of the second part of your question, CJ. Try it one more time.
Christopher Muse: Oh, just as you think about those billion dollars plus opportunities, particularly around advanced packaging, and I guess including HBM within that, and also gate-all-around, how you think you'll fair relative to WFE in 24?
Timothy Archer: Yes, I think given the mix we see in some of these technology transitions, it should be incrementally better than it was last year for sure.
Christopher Muse: And then just as a quick second question, I guess third question, if I could sneak it in. You talked about normalization of China into the second half, and getting back to maybe a 46 percent-ish type of normalized gross margin. It sounds like China in your mind today is better, so I guess what would that number be if that continues to be strong for you guys? Thank you.
Timothy Archer: I guess, CJ, you've got to just kind of look at where we've been, right. You're absolutely right, and thanks for mentioning the 46. That's sort of where gross margin was after we had done some of the Malaysia stuff and before China popped up with those smaller customers. And so the fact that we're above that level is largely customer mix. And so that's how you should be thinking about it. And if we have that mix wrong, then margin kind of, you've got a couple of data points in the last couple of quarters that you can kind of solve for to understand what it might look like. It will be in that 46 to 48 -plus percent range depending on what the mix looks like.
Operator: Our next question comes from Atif Malik from Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi, thank you for taking my question. The first one for Tim. Tim, it's good to see some green shoots in the NAND market. You talked about double-digit spare parts growth in the NAND. And you also talked about that the AI storage inflection for high density SSDs is in front of us. But we do not have the 3x wafer surface offset that you're seeing on the DRAM site. So can you kind of paint for us the trajectory of the NAND improvement that you're expecting into second half of your next year?
Timothy Archer: We're not going to give you a 25 forecast quite yet. It's way too early for that. It will be better though, right. I mean it's improving in demo. Yes, well I guess without giving you exact numbers, I mean clearly, we all know that the NAND spending has been incredibly weak for the last 12-18 months. And so we're in the very early stages of starting to see that recover. And I think if you look at what most of our -- we rely on our customer commentary that they make publicly for a lot of this. But they talk about the fact that maybe 90% of the bits they're shipping are at the leading etch. But when we look at the install base of our system, that was my comment. I believe that there's still going to be a large portion of the install base that will move forward to the next technology nodes. Its the most efficient way for our customers to do that is to upgrade what they already have. And I think you'll see that move forward. And therefore, NAND and WFE move up in 25. But because it comes to a large degree through upgrades, Lams capture rate of every dollar of WFE spent will be much higher than in a greenfield capacity added. So when I think about Lam's opportunity to outperform in 2025, in NAND, I think it is obviously with high confidence because of the type of spending we would expect to be seen in 2025. And in the other market segments, it's also pretty high because of the, as I mentioned, the technology inflections that are occurring. And it's gate-all-around where we, this year we'll actually have over a billion dollars of shipments into the gate-all-around technology nodes. And obviously, as gate-all-around continues to proliferate, our tools like ALB and selective etch will do better in backside power delivery. We already talked about advanced packaging. And then, we obviously have out there in front of us also the work we're doing for dry photoresist processes for EUV. And so I just feel like there are a number of growth drivers for the company besides the one that is the most obvious, which is a NAND recovery in 2025.
Atif Malik: Great, thank you. And then one for Doug. Doug, within your China, 42% of sales, you talked about multinationals picking up, which came as a positive surprise to me. Can you talk about what's driving that? Are those customers not worried about incremental restrictions or are they just trying to upgrade some of the older technology?
Doug Bettinger : I think it's just being responsive to the demand they see relative to the capacity that's there. And yes, I said it's the highest level since mid-last year. Although I do understand I don't know over position that the vast majority of the spending in China continues to be the indigenous Chinese customer base. But I just observed it as I was going through the numbers and knowing everybody was going to be asking about China, that was something I thought I'd just mention.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask a question on NAND as well. Tim, in your prepared remarks, you talked about the transition from tungsten to molybdenum potentially happening in the market, I suppose, over the next couple of years. Can you speak to the significance of that in terms of depth, intensity, and how that could impact your business over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Timothy Archer: Sure. Well, obviously, any time there's a material change requires a new system, it's an opportunity for Lam to provide that technology into the market, and so it's an important change. We would call it moly just because it's so hard to say molybdenum, but the change to moly has some significant device benefits, and also, I mentioned that the important thing in NAND is, I mean, it's important in every element of semiconductor devices, but it's the cost and technology, and so one thing that's sometimes lost is part of the transition to moly is also about enabling stack height reduction, so you can go to more layers and limit the stack height in a way that allows you to then have more productive and just more productive depth issue and other things. And so, I think it's an important inflection for the industry and an opportunity for Lam, and we're well positioned to win that inflection literally.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you. And then as my follow-up on HBM, you talked about your business growing more than 3X year-over-year, I think, and I think that comment was consistent with what you had communicated last quarter. Based on sort of the input you have, the market intel you have, what kind of growth or market growth in HBM, do you think that increase in your business supports in 24 and obviously demand is very strong, but how are you thinking about supply demand from your perspective exiting the year and into 25 in HBM? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger : Appreciate it. Maybe I'll give it a try. I mean, when you look at overall good demand, HBM is probably a point or two of it, although it's growing and adding to the broad market. But it's clearly requiring incremental investment of our SABRE 3D tool, our deep silicon etch tool. And I think it's something you're going to hear us talking about for many years to come. This form factor is going to continue to be important relative to AI enablement, feeding the GPU the data that it needs. Small today, but growing quite rapidly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. I wanted to follow up. You had mentioned that there was a customer that you're classifying as NAND, that others might be classifying as DRAM. I just wanted to double click on that. If you could talk to what's going on there, is that customer doing both and people just have different classifications? Should we be thinking that there's more NAND capacity coming on in China than I had thought before? Can you just talk to that change?
Doug Bettinger : I guess all I'd say, Joe, is sometimes there could be a little bit of confusion. And I felt that as I was talking to people over the last quarter. So the reason I said it was, it's actually a non-volatile device or it's got non-volatile components. And early on, because of that, we put everything into non-volatile memory. So non-volatile memory is more than NAND. This isn't an enormous number, but it's big enough that I wanted people to hear us tell you where it is and you can go think about it. And you probably know who the customer is. I'm not going to disclose it here, but it is one customer in specialty DRAM.
Joseph Moore: Got it. Thank you for that. And then on the Reliant business, can you talk about changes in that business as we sort of move into a lower level of utilization in trailing etch nodes? Do you see that kind of returning to more of a refurbished tools business, where there's stuff that you're able to actually refurbish and any ramifications we should think about for profitability there?
Timothy Archer: Yes, I guess I'll just come in and refer. I would be surprised if we moved back towards a customer's investing of equipment from fabs and us being able to refurbish those tools. I think you could see obviously the ebbs and flows with demand of how many new tools we ship but I think it still remains mostly as a new tool trailing etch node business for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Doug, I wanted to go back to something you just mentioned here around the relative capital intensity of upgrades versus greenfield investments for NAND as we get into 25. And I get the idea that you should take a larger share of upgrades but am I thinking about this wrong? Wouldn't the absolute amount of WFE in an upgrade -driven cycle be a lot lower than if it was in a greenfield cycle? Like how do I think about the puts and takes of those two variables in the context of NAND growth into 2025?
Timothy Archer: Sure, Stacey. I'll take that. I was actually the one who said the comment. Yes, no problem. I just wanted to own it in case you disagree so. I think you're thinking about it exactly right. The reason upgrades are so attractive for customers is the total WFE spend is lower. That's why they upgrade the installed base. And so for my comment was specifically about Lam's outperformance relative to whatever WFE is for the industry next year. In an upgrade heavy cycle, which obviously we haven't had for the last two years in that next cycle of NAND upgrades, we're saying we would capture a higher percentage of whatever that WFE is. Now, we've said in the past that Lam's opportunity, actually, because of that much higher capture rate is not so different in terms of revenue for every bit added through an upgrade versus a greenfield. So if WFE comes down, that's why it's attractive for customers. But for Lam, we capture almost the same amount of revenue because of the much higher capture rate, and so kind of both ways.
Stacy Rasgon: So you're indifferent to like an upgrade cycle versus a greenfield cycle?
Timothy Archer: Well, I would say, the only thing I would say is because there's been lots of questions about whether Lam's market share in defense and others, we're not quite indifferent because the power of the installed base is that, again, when the customer's preferred path is to upgrade what they already have, it means that the positions don't change. And so Lam's very strong position carries forward in that case. So agnostic from a financial perspective, but obviously our position in the industry continues to strengthen through each of those great cycles.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. For my follow-up again, I wanted to go back to the segment expectations in China. So I know this I think was Doug said you didn't have anything to tell us on segments. But if I look at your slide deck on slide 5, if I'm reading unless I'm reading it wrong it does seem to suggest that you see, it says sustained investment in domestic China for DRAM in calendar 24 and weakness in foundry logic, so is that actually what you're expecting? The China degradation through the year in foundry logic and DRAM sustaining or is this slide, am I just reading the slide wrong?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, no. Spacey you kind of have one customer in China DRAM. So I got to be careful talking about that. China is going to modulate through the year, all right, it's not going to stay at 42% is the statement that I made and it's going to modulate in every segment I believe in the China region.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, I mean the slide says just to expect us led by a HAM sustained investment in domestic China under DRAM. So that's not what's going to happen?
Doug Bettinger : Unfortunately, I know the slides in primary right now states you were having some technical challenges. It's all going to modulate.
Timothy Archer: Slide 5 when you pull it up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question, I wanted to revisit your comment about spares doubling. How important is that data point like what were you expecting instead of versus the actual result? And how much does it increase your confidence about NAND recovery because you're not really increasing the WFE expectations for this year, right? So on surface this comment about spares doubling sounds, like a very important data point. But I'm not sure how to quite put that in context of what it means for Lam this year.
Doug Bettinger : Okay, well, Vivek, we didn't say spares would double. We said that it was a double-digit percent growth quarter-on-quarter in our spares revenue, so not doubling. But I think that in general, I mean, the way we look at that and why we made that comment, obviously it's positive for us to see spares move up. If you think, go back to our commentary previously about CSPG over the last few years. We've said spares revenue will grow year-on-year because the installed base itself grows. However, through this downturn, the cuts in fabulization were so severe that we actually saw spares revenue come down, which surprised us a bit. So maybe to your point of expectations, we knew that as soon as customers started to utilize the fabs and bring some of the tools back online, we would see spares increase. We said that would be the first sign that the end market was really starting to improve. And so the reason we called it out was that obviously it further confirms, I think, what you're hearing from our customers, which is that utilization is starting to improve. It doesn't tie to WFE because utilization, what you have, is one issue. When you choose to spend more to either upgrade technology or add capacity is a second decision. We said that is likely still more of a 2025 event on the equipment spend side. But you have to get the first indication, which is utilization improvement, spares improving, and then the rest will come.
Vivek Arya: And then the other thing on the call, I believe that you mentioned CSPG will be flat year or did I not hear that properly or did you mean it sequentially or did you mean it for this calendar year? Because if it is for the calendar year, that implies pretty strong kind of mid-teens growth in the second half. So if you could clarify what you said about CSPG growth and whatever timeframe you were referring to.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, I said flattish, Vivek, plus or minus flat, and by the way, that's not a new disclosure. We said that last quarter as well.
Vivek Arya: For this calendar year or for 
Doug Bettinger : Correct, for this calendar year, yes. 24 over 23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso from Wolfe Research.
Christopher Caso: Yes, thank you. I guess the first question is on DRAM, and could you perhaps talk about some of the moving parts that are going on with that right now? And I think a previous question you talked about, the China part of DRAM expecting that to moderate through the year. Obviously, the direct revenue from HBM sounds good, but there's a broader capacity question going on in DRAM that's fungible with HBM. Could you talk about, what your expectations are for that as the year progresses?
Timothy Archer: Yes. Let me start. I think just to address this one point about the fungibility of capacity, you're correct. Obviously, if you're looking at DDR5, I think we've made a couple of comments in the past, though. One, we're talking specifically about the additional tools that are needed to enable HBM. So that's why we talk about our electroplating and our Indian silicon etch tools, because those are added to whatever capacity you might have for DRAM. You need to add those tools to make HBM possible. And so that's what we're seeing rise by 3X this year. On the second side, when you go from conventional DRAM to HBM, our customers have talked about and the industry has talked about the much larger die size because you've had to create the real estate that's needed to add the TSVs. And so, while you may be able to translate some of the same DRAM equipment over to produce the same number of bits, you'll need more of that equipment as well. So, those are the key drivers as you're moving for additional spending growth as you move into HBM, DRAM.
Christopher Caso: Got it. As a follow-up, you made in your prepared remarks a comment talking about a billion dollars in revenue from gate-all-around this year. Could you talk about that in context of, where the overall opportunity is for gate-all-around? Is this -- is that billion represent, what you would consider to be gate-all-around capacity? Is that just getting the processes started, kind of where are we with that gate-all-around ramp?
Timothy Archer: Yes, I mean, I think it's, we're really just starting at gate-all-around. Our comment was a billion dollars of shipments into the gate-all-around nodes this year. And it's across all of our types of products that help enable gate-all-around smaller technology nodes. And so what we've said is that every technology node, etch in-depth intensity grows, and our SAM opportunity expands. So gate-all-around being an important node where there's need for new tools from Lam, like in our selective etch product portfolio or in our ALB product portfolio, that might not have existed to the same degree in prior nodes. And so those are the areas where we're seeing growth, as well as just growth in the rest of our advanced technology products in etch in-depth.
Ram Ganesh: Thank you, Chris. Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Our next and final question comes from Brian Chin from Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi, there. Thanks for sneaking me in. The companies previously discussed an incremental $1 billion to $1.5 billion increase in WFE for every 1% AI server penetration. Last year, given the under-utilization of capacity and the focus on conversion activity, maybe the math was lower last year. But now that utilization rates for advanced foundry and DRAM nodes have recovered, do you see AI growth, I guess, driving spending levels more consistent with that $1 billion to $1.5 billion? And do you already see that maybe playing out to some degree in your order backlog?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Brian, we're not going to talk about order backlog. But the statements we made, and you've got it right, which was for every percent that it's an AI server versus an enterprise-class server because of the eight times DRAM, much bigger logic die, the GPUs, and the 3x NAND, it's a $1 billion to $1.5 billion amount of WFE. And that's absolutely still how we see it. And but you're right, if things are underutilized, you don't need to spend nearly as much. But that's a temporary situation. Eventually, things get back to being utilized.
Brian Chin: Okay. Yes, that's helpful, and then maybe just kind of follow-up on the last follow-up but again of that $1 billion kind of shipment for gate-all-around in 2024 calendar year, how much of that is second half weighted? Is it more kind of pilot production or how much is it pilot versus high volume?
Timothy Archer: Yes, we're not going to give color on exactly when we're shipping just because we think that's more for our customers to talk about in terms of their expansion on those notes.
Brian Chin: Okay, fair enough. I think it is more second half bias. Thanks.
Ram Ganesh: Thanks operator.
Timothy Archer: That concludes our remarks guys. Thanks for joining the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2023 Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ram Ganesh, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ram Ganesh: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and CEO; and Doug Bettinger, Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the December 2023 quarter and our outlook for the March 2024 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time. The release can also be found on the IR section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Timothy Archer: Thank you, Ram, and welcome, everyone. Lam delivered strong performance in the December quarter. Revenues, gross margin, operating margin and EPS all above the midpoint of our guided ranges. Our results for December closed out a calendar year 2023, in which Lam executed well amid a decline in overall wafer fabrication equipment spending. Compared to the prior year cycle trough in calendar 2019, we achieved a near doubling of EPS. There are a few reasons why Lam has evolved stronger cycle to cycle. First, we have improved our positioning in the foundry, logic and specialty technology segments through sustained investments in innovation and new products. As a result, we have grown our total non-memory revenue share, and we continue to gain momentum at key technology inflections. Second, we have delivered tremendous growth in our customer support business group. Lam ended calendar 2023 with approximately 90,000 chambers in the field, an installed base almost 50% larger than in the previous cycle. CSBG revenue has grown by more than 80% from 2019 levels. And finally, we have further improved our ability to manage costs and drive operational efficiency through cycles, delivering operating margins in 2023 that were nearly 2.5 points higher than the prior trough. Turning to WFE. We estimate that 2023 spending ended in the low $80 billion range. This is up slightly from our prior view, driven by continued strength in domestic China spending predominantly in equipment segments where we do not participate.  Overall, memory WFE was down nearly 40% year-on-year, led by cuts in NAND spending of more than 75%. Non-memory WFE decreased in the mid-single digits range with mature node growth in China, partially offsetting declines in leading-edge node spending in the rest of the world. As we enter 2024, the business environment remains muted. However, we expect a modest recovery in memory spending to drive a stronger exit to the year. Our early view of WFE spending for calendar 2024 is in the mid- to high $80 billion range. Growth in DRAM will be driven by capacity additions for high-bandwidth memory as well as node conversions. NAND spending increases will largely come from technology upgrades. We see foundry logic spend growing in 2024 with higher leading-edge investment, offset in part by declines in mature node investment outside of China. Overall, we believe domestic China spending will be stable in 2024. Longer term, the setup for WFE investment is robust. With semiconductor revenues widely expected to reach $1 trillion around the end of the decade and device manufacturing complexity continuing to rise, we believe WFE spending will need to roughly double from today's levels. Lam's served markets of etch and deposition should outpace growth in WFE overall. For this reason, we have been executing a series of strategic actions to best position the company for the growth opportunity ahead. Importantly, we have remained committed to these initiatives despite the challenging spending environment over the past several quarters. First is our commitment to R&D, including planned spending increases in calendar year 2024 to extend our differentiation in products and services targeted at next-generation semiconductor device inflections. This next era in semiconductors will be defined by the broad move towards 3D architectures and advanced packaging to solve scaling challenges. We believe this will, in turn, drive an increase in etch and deposition intensity over the long term. Our focus is on multiple billion dollar SAM expansion opportunities across memory and foundry logic. We have profiled our advances in gate-all-around, backside power delivery, advanced packaging and dry EUV patterning over the past several quarters, and our solutions are continuing to gain traction with customers. In the December quarter, we secured additional advanced packaging wins for high-bandwidth memory, which is critical for enabling advanced AI servers. Our SABRE 3D tools, best-in-class plating uniformity along with our ability to demonstrate an overall cost of ownership advantage made Lam the clear choice over a large competitor. In 2024, we expect our HBM related DRAM and packaging shipments to more than triple year-on-year and outpace WFE growth in this segment by a significant margin. The specialty technology markets are also yielding a diverse set of new opportunities for Lam. For instance, we have recently delivered pulse laser deposition technology to customers targeting high-volume manufacturing of MEMS and next-generation high-frequency devices. We accelerated our entry into this market by integrating technology we obtained via small acquisition onto a production-proven Lam platform. Compared to competing deposition methods, Lam solution enables more highly doped scandium aluminum nitride films, which delivered the piezoelectric performance and cost our customers require. The second area of focus for Lam has been our investment in facilities close to our customers. By establishing process development capabilities near our customers' R&D fabs, we are maximizing collaboration and accelerating time to solutions. We have also made progress ramping supply chain and manufacturing operations within our customer ecosystems. These in-region capabilities enhance our responsiveness and resilience for customers and create significant economic value for Lam as we leverage the benefits of global flexibility. Our new manufacturing facility in Malaysia is poised to fully scale in the coming WFE upturn, providing us the capability to nearly triple the percentage revenue contribution from our lower cost manufacturing locations versus a few years ago. And finally, Lam is concentrated on reengineering our business processing systems to drive operational excellence at greater scale. Investments in digital capabilities like virtual twinning, advanced simulation and AI are helping us to accelerate problem solving, and we are building equipment intelligence capabilities and in-fab service automation into our most advanced product road maps. As we complete our reengineering efforts, we are also intent on achieving organizational agility. In this regard, we are announcing a small workforce reduction predominantly at the executive level to align our resources with our execution priorities and drive efficiency and speed of decision-making. In calendar 2023, Lam delivered solid results while investing to build strong capabilities for the future. Looking forward, I am confident that our strategic global infrastructure and differentiated technology portfolio provide Lam with the tools we need to capitalize on the robust semiconductor growth expected in the years ahead. Thank you, and now here is Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today during what I know is a busy earnings season. We delivered strong financial results in calendar year 2023. Our revenue came in at $14.3 billion and diluted earnings per share at $27.33. We're pleased with the company's execution during the year where the memory WFE mix reached historic lows. Let's look at the details of our December quarter results. Revenue for the December quarter was $3.76 billion, which was up 8% from the prior quarter and down 29% from a year ago. Our deferred revenue balance at the end of the quarter was $1.93 billion, which was an increase of $238 million from the September quarter, which was mainly tied to growth in customer advanced payments. We continue to have a higher deferred revenue balance versus historic levels given these customer advanced payments. From a segment perspective, December quarter, systems revenue in memory was 48%, which is an increase from the prior quarter level of 38%. The growth in the memory segment was led by DRAM, which was at record levels on a dollar basis, coming in at 31% of systems revenue compared with 23% in the September quarter. DRAM is benefiting from growth in high-bandwidth memory capacity and the move to DDR5, which is needed to address AI-related workloads, and it's also benefiting from shipments to China. As we've noted in prior quarters, nonvolatile memory WFE was at historic lows on a mix basis in 2023. For the December quarter, this segment represented 17% of our systems revenue, which was up a little bit from 15% in the prior quarter. The slight growth was predominantly related to investments in certain technology projects. NAND customers have aggressively reduced capacity throughout the year to bring inventory levels down. The Foundry segment represented 38% of our systems revenue, a little higher than the percentage concentration in the September quarter of 36%. Growth was driven by new fab shipments in various regions across several process nodes. The Logic and Other segment was 14% of our systems revenue in the December quarter, which was down from the prior quarter level of 26%. The decline was driven by general mature node softness as well as the timing of customer projects. Overall, in the Foundry and Logic segment, we performed well, delivering on the share gains that we've previously been discussing with you. Now I'll discuss the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at 40%, which was down from 48% in the prior quarter. Most of our China revenue in the last 2 quarters was from domestic Chinese customers, and we expect spending from this region to be stable overall in 2024. China as a percent of our revenue is expected to stay relatively high in the March quarter, but it likely trend lower as the year progresses. Our next largest geographic concentration was Korea at 19% of revenue in the December quarter versus 16% in the September quarter. And finally, Japan and Taiwan rounded out the remaining of our top 4 regions. The customer support business group generated revenue in the December quarter of nearly $1.5 billion, up 2% from the September quarter and 16% lower than the December quarter in calendar year 2022. Overall, the business was steady, and we continue to see our memory customers operating the fabs at very low utilization rates. Given the strength of the installed base units, we have a strong foundation for growth with technology conversions and utilization rates resume growing. Spares followed by the Reliant product line continue to be the 2 largest components of CSBG. Turning to the gross margin performance. The December quarter came in at 47.6%, which is above the midpoint of guidance and generally in line with the September quarter level, which was 47.9%. We've improved elements of our cost structure during the year and delivered on our commitment to improve gross margin from the 2023 March quarter level by approximately 1 percentage point as we exited calendar year 2023 from those operational improvements. December quarter operating expenses were $662 million, up from the prior quarter amount of $622 million. R&D as a percent of spending was higher versus the September quarter, coming in at over 69% of total expenses. The increased spending reflects our ongoing focus on extending our product and technology differentiation across those critical inflections that Tim mentioned earlier. We will continue to grow investments across multiple market segments to support the long-term strategic objectives for ongoing company outperformance. Operating margin for the current quarter was 30%, in line with September quarter level of 30.1% and above the midpoint of our guidance primarily because of a stronger gross margin performance. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 12.3%, generally in line with expectations. Looking into calendar 2024, we believe the tax rate will be in the low to mid-teens with the normal fluctuations quarter-by-quarter. Other income expense for the December quarter came in at $5 million in income compared with $7 million in income in the September quarter. The slight fluctuation in OI&E was mainly due to variations in exchange rates. OI&E will continue to be subject to market-related fluctuations that could cause some level of volatility each quarter. On the capital return side, we allocated approximately $640 million to open market share repurchases, and we paid $264 million in dividends in the December quarter. For the 2023 calendar year, we returned 79% of our free cash flow, totaling $3.8 billion, which was largely consistent with our long-term capital return plans of 75% to 100%. December quarter diluted earnings per share was $7.52 over the midpoint of our guidance. Diluted share count rounded down to 132 million shares on track with our expectations and down from the September quarter. During 2023, we repurchased nearly 5 million shares through our share buyback program. And I would just mention, we have $2.1 billion remaining on our Board-authorized share repurchase plan.  Let me turn to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments at the end of the December quarter totaled $5.6 billion, up from $5.2 billion in the September quarter. The increase was largely due to collections, offset by cash allocated to share repurchases, dividend payments and capital expenditures. Overall, 2023 was a record year for cash flows from operations coming in at $5.3 billion. Days sales outstanding was 66 days in the December quarter, which was a decrease from 73 days in the September quarter. As a result of our operational focus and execution, I'm pleased to report that inventory turns improved to 1.8x from the prior quarter level of 1.5x. We will continue to work on bringing inventory down throughout calendar 2024. Our noncash expenses for the December quarter included approximately $70 million for equity compensation, $78 million for depreciation and $13 million for amortization. Capital expenditures for the December quarter were $115 million, up $38 million from the September quarter. Spending was primarily centered on product development activities and lab expansions in the United States and Asia, supporting our global lab investment strategy. We ended the -- excuse me, the December quarter with approximately 17,200 regular full-time employees, which was flat with the prior quarter. Let's now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the March 2024 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $3.7 billion, plus or minus $300 million. Gross margin of 48%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This gross margin guidance is reflected -- reflective of continued favorable customer mix. I do expect this favorable mix to mitigate somewhat as the year progresses. Operating margins of 29.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. I would again highlight that the March 2024 quarter will have higher spending as it includes an extra week in the quarter, which occurs every several years. It's a 14-week quarter. And I will also remind you we will be growing R&D spending this year.  And finally, we're expecting earnings per share of $7.25, plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 132 million shares. We continue to be focused on improving our business operations to optimize efficiency and effectiveness as WFE growth occurs. Our profitability metrics reflect the progress we made during calendar year 2023, with business realignment and transformational activities well underway. We'll see these activities continue in the first half of calendar year 2024. Including the cost incurred for these improvement activities and headcount reductions that we saw in calendar 2023, I now expect we'll spend in total $300 million for these actions, which will continue to be reported in our non-GAAP adjustments. I had previously told you we would spend $250 million over 12 months. It's now $50 million higher and 6 months longer. So let me conclude. Over many semiconductor cycles, Lam has established a proven track record of successfully managing our business. With the actions we've taken over the course of the last several quarters, we expect to strengthen our operations and technology leadership and further enhance our profitability profile. When revenue scales into the next upturn, Lam will be stronger, better positioned and more efficient. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is from Tim Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I guess my first question for you, Tim, is I wondered if you could sort of translate. Obviously, you heard your big litho peer that reported today that had these huge orders and it looks like a couple of billion dollars in EUV orders for DRAM. So that sort of translates to an extra $9 billion to $10 billion, something like that. So it seems mostly for shipments during this year and even into next year for them. So like maybe you haven't seen that yet. But can you talk about what that tells you about the future of that segment? And I know you think it's going to be up, but it seems like it could be up a lot. And maybe any change in the planning outlook or the discussions that you're having with your DRAM customers?
Timothy Archer: Sure. Thanks, Tim. And obviously, WFE is a tricky thing to forecast because generally, we have a very good view of certain segments of the market. And we try to give an overall view of WFE, and we do that based on listening to peers, talking to customers and making our own assessments. Yes, sometimes we get it wrong. And I guess we're always in a period of adjusting that. I think though -- I didn't -- I don't think there's anything out there that is completely inconsistent with what we've said. We've said WFE is up this year, modestly recovering because of memory. It's -- we'd see a stronger exit to the year. And I think to the magnitude, I think we're just going to keep watching it and having those conversations with customers. In this period, lead times of equipment and the framework in which certain pieces of equipment need to be ordered and brought into fabs can differ equipment supplier to equipment supplier, and maybe there's something at play there. But I think it probably further reinforces our bullishness that memory has been at a historically low mix of WFE. We said that memory spending across both DRAM and NAND. We felt was at unsustainable levels. We said that on pretty much every call last year. And -- so I think that it's not a surprise that, that eventually corrects itself. What I would point out is that we don't spend a tremendous amount of time trying to get the timing exactly right. In my script, I talked a lot about strategic actions, which play out over years and, in fact, catch the DRAM inflections that are coming now. The strength we have in high-bandwidth memory, the positions we have in applications in DDR5 and beyond. Those were established by us seeing DRAM opportunities years ago. And I think we're continuing to report more and more growth in that segment. And I think we'll just continue to do that. So we tend to take a long-term view of technology and spending patterns.
Douglas Bettinger: And Tim, it's Doug. I'll just remind you something that I know you know very well that with those lead times are generally much longer than ours are in etch and deposition. And you never buy litho without eventually buying the process equipment that goes along with it. So if they're seeing something, we will see it, too.
Timothy Arcuri: Totally, Doug. Yes, for sure. So I guess for you, Doug, super quick. So there's kind of a lot of moving parts, I know going on in gross margin. I know that the mix is helping you. And I know you're probably getting some tailwinds from some cost relief and things like that. So what's the right normalized margin? I know maybe 48% is not the right normalized number, but is it like is the mix helping you by 50 basis points, and that's what sort of goes away. Can you sort of help us there?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. Tim, I'll remind you what I said last quarter call too, still kind of the same thing. The customer mix is benefiting us again in the March quarter guide, maybe even a little bit more than it did last quarter. I took you back to that June quarter of last year before we had such a favorable geographic mix and that largely is what's driving the customer mix. We were around 46% gross margin, 45.7%, I think, if I remember the June quarter specifically. That's not a bad place to kind of start when mix normalizes back to maybe more normal levels. So think about it that way. Somewhere in between there and where we are here. These operational improved install that we've been talking about are real things and as growth resumes and we know growth will resume at some juncture, we should benefit from like repositioning the company to these lower cost locations. So that's still on the come line. but it will require some level of growth in the business.
Operator: The next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Again, going back to your large litho peer that reported this morning, right? They called out seeing an increase in customer utilization of their litho tools, both in memory and in Foundry and Logic, appearing that this is the early signal of a positive turn in cyclical dynamics. I know you guys are also track in real time utilization, activity rates of your customers. I know they're at very low levels, but are you guys starting to see some pickup in utilization rates across your customers? And is that also maybe giving you further confidence in your modest growth outlook for WFE this year?
Timothy Archer: Yes. We've said in the past that we -- obviously, we track that pretty closely. I think you've heard our customers talk about increasing utilization. We've certainly seen and heard from our customers talk of strengthening in pricing in those markets. How we said it would affect us? I mean, in markets like NAND, we said we would -- with so much utilization taken offline, we would see some uptick in our spares business. We see that start to flow through upgrades. And as I mentioned in my script, we anticipate that a big portion of the uptick in memory spending this year will be coming through technology upgrades where -- the installed base is Lam equipment and therefore, the benefit -- a lot of the benefit of that WFE spending will flow to Lam as we do those technology upgrades. The other element of the spending will be coming from the additional equipment that needs to get added to enable things like high bandwidth memory. And we've talked about the fact that in high bandwidth memory, Lam has a 100% market share of the critical technologies needed for stacking the DRAM. So I'll let our customers speak to what their utilizations are but what I'd say is that all signs are pointing to the memory market beginning to come out of its pretty darn near historic downturn over the last couple of years. And so that's what we're looking at for this year.
Harlan Sur: That's very helpful. And then you mentioned this, I mean, your CSBG business has grown at a 17% CAGR since 2019, right? That's significantly faster than I think it was a 10% to 11% CAGR target that you guys put out at your last Analyst Day. I know it's been weak over the past few quarters, just given some of the supply side discipline of your customers, lower utilizations, slowing tech migration. But assuming that you will see the pickup in activity sometime this year. You combine that with a strong continued growth in the installed base business, number of chambers continues to grow at a low double-digit growth rate. Like how should we think about the growth profile, puts and takes of CSBG this year and going forward?
Timothy Archer: Yes, I don't know that we're going to put a number on the growth rate for CSBG at this point. But clearly, that business has been heavily impacted by the utilization cuts that occurred within our customer fabs. And we saw that both in spares as well as a curtailment of many of the technology upgrades that typically would just occur year in, year out. And so that did have an impact on CSBG revenues. I think that going forward, I talked about how much larger the installed base is now. That's a much larger installed base that because of the delay in technology upgrades, there's pent-up demand there. I mean those tools need to be upgraded to be operating at the latest and most efficient and most competitive technology node for our customers. And so I don't know the exact timing, but I do know that installed base will be upgraded and will actually generate quite a lot of revenue for Lam going forward.
Douglas Bettinger: And Harlan, maybe just like to remind you, there's 4 components in CSBG, spare service upgrades, all of which will benefit from what Tim was describing. You also have the Reliant product line in there, which has just done amazing in the last year. That will ebb and flow to a certain extent with more mature nodes, specialty node WFE. So don't lose sight of that one. There might be a slightly different dynamic with the Reliant product line.
Operator: The next question is from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: First one, Tim, historically, you guys have benefited disproportionately when the NAND spending happens. And -- if you were to think about your position competitively when the NAND spending recovers, I understand this year there's more technology upgrades. But how should we think about your position coming out of this NAND downturn competitively, particularly on more layers than the whole edge process?
Timothy Archer: Yes. I think that -- it's a good question, and that was what I pointed out. I mean I think what we're looking at in the near term in those first stages of recovery is customers are very cost sensitive. And the best way to achieve that next technology notice by upgrading the equipment that you have in place. And so Lam, we spend a tremendous amount of time investing in technologies that enable the upgrade and extension of our equipment, and that's really of high value to our customers. I think that will actually go on for quite a long time. We have about 6,500 chambers of high aspect ratio etch, for instance, in the NAND marketplace. That creates a lot of next-generation technology through those upgrades. And beyond that, the learning you get from now running those upgraded chambers at that next technology node, tends to seed all of the ideas and understanding of the challenges that need to be solved at the mix node. And I think that's why the installed base positions and incumbent positions tend to be very difficult to break in this industry. And we've tried to break many others -- break into others. And so we know that very well. What Lam has done extremely well is to collaborate closely with our customers. I talked about our close to customer strategy, putting R&D labs in very close proximity to our customers. And again, that's just the way in which we ensure that we're adequately meeting both their technology and cost needs going forward.
Atif Malik: Great. And then a quick clarification, Doug, on the OpEx. You said R&D will be up year-over-year. I wasn't sure if that implies total OpEx is also up or SG&A is down to offset the increase in R&D?
Douglas Bettinger: Total OpEx is probably going to be up Atif, R&D will be up more, right? We had 69% of total spending in R&D in the last quarter. That's a high watermark. But we're purposefully growing R&D., primarily because of all those inflections that we've been talking about.
Timothy Archer: I think the maybe the easiest way to think about it is the lead time for us to develop new products that we need to drive growth is unfortunately a little bit longer than the lead time for our spending revenue. So with an outlook that growth is coming and that we're entering this next upturn, where there are tremendous opportunities for the company, we feel very confident to invest ahead of that revenue showing up, and that's I think what we signaled through this year. But with the confidence that we're going to see that growth in new products and technology investment from our customers.
Operator: The next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: The first one on WFE. Doug, I -- forget if you mentioned this, but is there a first half, second half sort of bias that you're willing to share as we think about the trajectory of WFE this year? And more importantly, curious how we should be thinking about your rate of outperformance vis-a-vis the market? You guys have talked about obviously, depth and etch intensity growing across the memory space. You talked about advanced packaging in HBM. HBM things like dry resist. So assuming you're accurate with your WFE assumption and the market's up call it, mid- to high singles. What sort of outperformance can we sort of expect from you guys in calendar '24?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. Toshiya, I guess the first -- I think it's a little bit second half weighted year this year. I think it's going to be sort of the slow start to the year, maybe, right? We just guided to essentially flat revenues quarter-on-quarter. So that's part of what you're seeing, but we would expect it will be somewhat stronger in the second half. And then overall, we're not going to give you the individual components between NAND, DRAM, Foundry and Logic, what grows more. I think everything probably grows to a certain extent. When we look at all these inflections so in all aspects of those end markets, we see etch and deposition intensity stepping up as you walk from node to node to node. So that is unchanged.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as my follow-up on China, Doug, you mentioned China as a percentage of your systems revenue to stay elevated in the March quarter. And then you went on to say that, that number should decline as you progress through the year. Is that just purely a function of your other businesses, other regions improving throughout the year? Or are you sort of sensing absolute decline in your China business? And if so, what are some of the areas or device types or applications you're seeing a slowdown?
Douglas Bettinger: We are not seeing China slowdown. It's purely just timing of when spending is occurring, honestly. Toshiya, we've preferably been using the word, and I think you heard it in both Tim and my comments stable, right? So that's a consistent description that we have been saying for a while.
Operator: The next question is from C.J. Muse with Cantor.
Christopher Muse: I guess I was hoping you could speak to kind of your vision for what a recovery might look like for NAND and where we might get to on a normalized basis, perhaps in 2025? And then -- and if you reflect on perhaps a lower normalized number and think about some of the new areas that you're investing in, whether it's memory or advanced packaging or changes in backside power gate-all-around. Is there enough kind of juice there to get you to where you can overall drive that rich WFE intensity and get us back to kind of those peak levels when 3D NAND was first adopted?
Timothy Archer: Sure, C.J. I think the simple answer is, yes, we do believe that. I mean, we've -- let me address the NAND question first, which -- as I mentioned, this year, customers are primarily focusing on technology upgrades and what makes sense. I mean eventually, to drive the type of bit growth that we think we see longer term. Obviously, there are some additions that need to be made, but we're not forecasting that this year. With each of those technology evolutions, etch and dep intensity rises simply because of the increasing number of layers. And in a technology upgrade, we've talked about the fact that Lam captures a much higher percentage of WFE because of the goal that etch and deposition play in the technology upgrade. So I think that as we see NAND growing -- recovering and growing at a certain percentage rate, Lam will actually significantly outperform that rate because of the fact that most of that is coming from upgrades. Now longer term, I think we have turned to our attention and strategically, we've said we want to build resilience into our business by really capturing a lot of the opportunities that exist. Of course in NAND where we're very strong, but really outside of NAND and some of these other markets that are becoming more etch and dep intensive. And we've talked about those, whether it's gate-all-around or backside power or advanced packaging, dry EUV patterning. And each of those, we've characterized as a $1 billion-plus opportunity when fully scaled for Lam. So -- and those are SAM expansion meaning that they are incremental to where Lam has been before. So I think when you play those out and obviously, we have to be successful in execution. That's why we keep talking about we're gaining traction, but there's still a ways to go before these inflections and all decisions are made. But we think those can certainly drive Lam to new highs in terms of revenue and obviously profitability as well.
Christopher Muse: Very helpful, Tim. I guess a quick follow-up, Doug. I know you're hesitant to guide OpEx for the full year, but perhaps you could help us understand maybe the impact of the extra week on the March quarter? And how you're thinking about driving that R&D growth through the calendar year?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, C.J. I mean, it's 14 weeks versus 13. That's the right way to kind of think about it. You can just ratio it to understand kind of it's a longer quarter. So that's the piece from that. And then any delta to get to the 29.5% op margin is part of that beginning to step up R&D. As we go through the year, though, we will purposely be growing the investment in R&D so that you might not see the historic leverage that we've delivered is what I described a quarter ago, and that's still very much how you should be thinking about it.
Operator: The next question is from Srinivas Pajjuri with Raymond James.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Tim, you talked about your trough EPS doubling essentially, which is a tremendous achievement and execution. I think part of the reason was your services business did increase as a percent of the mix. I think that helped for sure stabilizing the cyclicality a bit. So as we go through the next, I guess, as we kind of look out to the next couple of years as business recovers, just curious as to how you think about the mix shaking out between systems and services? And how -- what sort of implications that might have for your top line and also your margin profile? And I guess, on the next peak EPS, if you want to talk about?
Timothy Archer: Well, here's why it's always a little difficult to answer this question is because we're certainly investing to grow our systems business tremendously as well. And so we don't look at it as one trading off versus the other. And so in fact, one kind of begets the other. The better our systems business does the faster our installed base grows, and that's really the story from 2019 in that -- until now, when we talk about how much the installed base has grown. We shipped a lot of new systems that grew that installed base by nearly 50%. So going forward, I think that we anticipate the ratio of CSBG revenue to overall revenue staying kind of in the historical range that it's been. And that's just going to be driven by kind of equivalent on success in both parts. But the CSBG revenue, the installed base business, not only gives us stability, but it also opens new channels for growth for the company. And I've talked about this on previous calls, which is we -- I think that when we think about how Lam leverages, things like artificial intelligence and data. It's in the installed base services business. On the last call, I talked about even cobots, the use of collaborative robots to start to do some of the service that today is done by skilled engineers. Our customers in this industry have to find ways to be able to innovate faster and also provide manufacturing services at a lower cost. And I think that -- we can do that by innovating around the installed base and create new products and service offerings that help us grow at a faster pace than the installed base itself is growing.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Got it. And then Doug, one clarification on the deferred revenue. I think it went up about $238 million this quarter. You talked about prepayments. Just curious, are customers still prepaying because of any supply constraints? Or is this an ongoing, I guess, trend that you're seeing? Just if you can talk about how we should think about deferred revenue going forward, that will be helpful.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Srini. I guess what I described is you think about the advanced payment is when we have a new customer that we're just kind of understanding what their balance sheet looks like, especially if they're a private customer that we could see the balance sheet. It's not publicly reported. And the creditworthiness might be sort of questionable. We require cash upfront before we begin manufacturing the tool, and that's what's going on there. That's all it is.
Operator: The next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: For the first one, around the China BOP being stable in calendar '24. Do you see all market segments being stable? Or do you see some like being stronger and some being weaker? Like how do you see that interplay?
Douglas Bettinger: Stacy, I don't really see a big change year-on-year relative to end market. I'll remind you, when China DRAM was second half weighted last year. It's probably a little bit first half weighted in China, maybe more than a little bit this year. But year-over-year, I don't think I really think about a significant change in contribution for the entire year.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess a follow-up on the China questions, and maybe it's a follow-up on one of the earlier questions. But it does sound to me like you are suggesting China mix should come down through the year. Maybe you can clarify that because if I've got overall stable China revenues like how does your China mix come down materially? It doesn't look like you're looking for overall like non-China WFE to grow a ton, right, in some of the other areas. So...
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. Let me remind you, in 2023, China was a more modest amount of WFE that grew in the second half of the year. And so the comments we're making are year-over-year, it's relatively stable. Kind of the half-on-half stuff probably looks different in '24 than it did in '23 in China specifically.
Stacy Rasgon: That's helpful. And so then exiting the year, you think you're back to that sort of normalized gross margin range as a result of that as China falls off in the second half?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. The customer mix stuff, I think, mitigates some as we go through the year, and it continues to be quite strong in the March quarter guidance.
Operator: The next question is from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: For my first one, I'm curious, what's your assessment of NAND supply demand as it exists today? I think in your WFE view, you are assuming that NAND grows but more because of technology upgrades. But what are your customers telling you for as to when they want to start adding more tools? And what's Lam's opportunity to grow NAND right at a measurable pace in the second half of the year?
Timothy Archer: Yes. I think that -- first of all, I wouldn't necessarily talk about what we are discussing with our customers on that standpoint. But things that are out there. We do know, and I think you know that the utilization cuts were pretty severe in NAND last year. And so there's a tremendous amount of capacity that is -- has been offline and we've said in the past that needs to be brought back online. And I think the question and the discussions we're having is that what technology node should that capacity be restarted. And in many cases, there is a very high likelihood that technology upgrade certainly will occur as that equipment is brought back into service. And so in that case, we would actually begin to see a restart of some of the utilization driven revenue that we get from things like spares and services, as well as, at the same time, a restart of technology upgrade revenues. And that's why I think that from a NAND perspective this year, we think that will effectively represent the majority of the spend that occurs in this segment.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And then, Tim, as many of the DRAM customers are saying that they plan to shift a bit more towards HVM from DDR. Does that have any positive or negative influence on your CSBG and the spares business?
Timothy Archer: No, I don't -- I can't quite make that connection right now. I'm off to give us some thought. But clearly, we see an impact on our systems business, as I mentioned, where we're having to add the specific HVM related especially advanced packaging steps related to the stacking of HVM itself. And we're seeing significant growth in that area. But -- and so with that, given we're shipping additional systems, there is some incremental spares business and services business that goes along with that. But the systems portion of that kind outweighs from a dollars perspective.
Vivek Arya: I guess maybe just to clarify, does your CSBG business start to kind of grow consistent with the growth in your tools business overall? Or do you think there is going to be a lag factor because it slowed down later? Does it start to regrow later also?
Douglas Bettinger: Depends on the rate of growth in WFE to be perfectly frank, that are coming. See, spare service upgrades chug along, and we think that's going to benefit as utilization and whatnot begins to come back. Then to really answer your question, you got to go figure out what you think the pace of WFE growth is. I'm not going to put numbers on that right now. We're going to kind of wait and see.
Operator: The next question is from Krish Sankar with CDT Cowen.
Krish Sankar: First of all, for Doug. I think Doug has mentioned about a gradual recovery in WFE this year, kind of more back half rated. So I'm kind of curious, and Doug, I'm not looking for like guidance. What I'm just wondering is, is this better assume Lam's revenues in the calendar second half of 2024 is going to be better than first half? That's for my first question and then I have a follow-up.
Douglas Bettinger: You're a little bit muffled, Krish, but I think you were asking about our performance along with WFE. And frankly, I think we will mirror whatever the trajectory of WFE looks like with an expectation that etch and dep outgrows to a certain extent. I think I answered your question, although you were a little bit muffled there.
Krish Sankar: Doug, I was just trying to wonder if calendar second half '24 revenue for Lam is going to be better than calendar first half similar to WFE?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, I think it will be, Krish, I'm not going to put numbers on it yet, but we will mirror what goes on with WFE.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then my follow-up is for Tim and Doug. You spoke about HBM and AI and all the good stuff. I'm just wondering does HBM and DDR5, 2 sets for dep and etch differ from DDR4 and Legacy in a way, is it more like [indiscernible] from a margin standpoint? Or does it -- is it like a mutual standpoint?
Douglas Bettinger: I guess what I'd say, Krish, from a margin standpoint, you shouldn't think about any differential margin necessarily. The incremental piece for the stuff that goes in high-bandwidth memory is a bigger die, you know that. The die itself, building a DDR5 die is largely the same equipment that builds DDR5 that doesn't go into HBM. The incremental stuff comes when you go into the advanced packaging stuff, the Syndion deep silicon etch and the electroplating are areas where we are extraordinarily strong in addition to some other things. That is clearly incremental equipment.
Timothy Archer: Yes. And I think from an etch and dep intensity perspective, in general, I think you mentioned DDR5 to DD -- DDR4 to DDR5. I mean I think in general, with each technology node evolution, whether it's DRAM, NAND, Foundry Logic, we've said etch and dep intensity rises with technology advancement. And so I think you can imagine that there's more equipment being needed, and that's in addition to the fact that larger die sizes drive greater equipment per bid out. So there's a lot of factors that every time we move forward, there's more equipment and more Lam equipment required with those technology nodes.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: If I can ask about your DRAM systems revenues in the December quarter. They were kind of back to the highs of a couple of years ago, but I know you had some China in there, I think there's some of the events packaging. Can you just give us a sense for what's kind of core DRAM within that? And then you're pretty constructive on where that's going. Can you give us a sense of the dynamics of China going forward versus other regions and other parts of DRAM?
Douglas Bettinger: I guess, Joe, I would just to take you back to what I had in my script. Two things are driving the strength in DRAM in the December quarter, and you mentioned both of them, frankly. It's high bandwidth memory in DDR5. In addition to the fact that we've got a China customer in DRAM in the second half of the year. That includes September and December, that wasn't in the first half. So each of those things contribute to the strength you saw in December.
Joseph Moore: Okay. And then looking forward, it seemed like you had more than 6 months of demand from that China customer in the second half going forward. Does that come down, but core DRAM comes up and HVM comes up?
Douglas Bettinger: Probably.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Chin with Stifel.
Brian Chin: Maybe going back to NAND, the best ever quarter for NAND spending was probably higher than the total level of NAND spending maybe for all of last year. And so even if it's off a low base, isn't it pretty logical that NAND WFE should exhibit the largest or highest rate of improvement in '24?
Douglas Bettinger: I wouldn't necessarily draw that conclusion, Brian. I think all we're going to tell you is that I think every segment WFE grows this year, NAND, DRAM, Foundry, Logic, it's all up to a certain extent. I'm not going to get into the business of quantifying each individual one because frankly, at the end of the day, we'll get it wrong. But I think everything will grow to a certain extent with peers.
Brian Chin: Okay. Fair enough. And then just to kind of level set and DRAM and then also looking forward. How much did DRAM industry spending actually declined in '23? It seems to be better than what was initially thought based on HBM, et cetera. And also, can you give us a sense of the number of wafer starts or percent of the DRAM installed base that could be converted to more advanced 1-alpha or 1-beta like process nodes this year?
Douglas Bettinger: I guess, Brian, what I'd say and Tim, I think had this in his script, memory overall was down roughly 40%. NAND was down north of 70%. The differential to get to the number is DRAM. You can do that. And yes, I think the second part of your question, HBM and DDR5 has been a big part of the strength in DRAM.
Timothy Archer: Yes.
Brian Chin: Okay. And that was actually the second part was kind of more towards, what is the potential number of wafer starts or the percent of the installed base that's sort of game for those conversions to 1-alpha, 1-beta light nodes?
Douglas Bettinger: For the most part, in memory, everything gets upgraded to the next node, all of it. That's always been the case. It's not a new phenomenon.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Caso with Wolfe Research.
Christopher Caso: The question is on delivery times. And you had mentioned, obviously, your delivery times may be different than some others in the industry. Where do they sit right now? And as a consequence, how much visibility do your customers need to give you? And with that, when we start to see some stronger perhaps memory spending, how quickly will you be able to react to that and turn that for revenue?
Timothy Archer: Yes. So we don't obviously publicly telegraph our lead times. But we had talked about the fact that during the COVID pandemic, our lead times due to supply chain shortages, it stretched out quite long. And those have now come back to a much more normalized level, although they still are such that for us to make shipments within this year, we would have to know about those orders and that forecast pretty quickly. The one thing that's helped is I talked about our investments in new manufacturing and supply chain operations within our customer ecosystems. That's putting us much closer, it's diversifying our supplier base and I think it's going to -- through this next upturn make us much more responsive to customer needs. So really, we worry less about lead time and more about our ability to respond in the time frame, which our customers need to place orders to meet their ramps. We tend not to be -- we tend not to be in the bottleneck, let's put it that way in terms of a lead time perspective, planning a new fab.
Christopher Caso: Fair enough. As a follow-up question, I wanted to ask about backside power. And last quarter, you made some disclosures about the revenue impact to Lam as that happened. Could you give a little more color on that and specifically, we know that the different customers are having different implementations of backside power. At what point does that start to become a meaningful driver for Lam?
Timothy Archer: I think given the important role that both etch and deposition play in that and our strong position in parts of the backside power process like copper plating where some of those layers are becoming quite thick and therefore the processes become longer. It's -- I would say, going to very rapidly become quite meaningful for the company. And again, it's just a further demonstration of how going 3D and essentially using those -- using etch and deposition to create more complex architectures allows you to reduce power, improve chip performance and also reduce cost. And we talked about it in the sense of backside power. You're seeing the same thing with chip stacking and HBM and energy integration. And that's why I said, I think the next era of semiconductor is characterized by all of these more unique 3D architectures. They're all good for the types of products we sell.
Operator: Operator, we have time for one more question. And that question comes from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays.
Thomas O'Malley: I was curious if you guys had a view on the HBM market. Clearly, with the accelerator market growing as quickly as some think. There's concerns that the HBM market may actually be shipping above peak in '24 and '25. Do you guys have a view internally on just how fast HBM is growing as a market segment? And just -- could you just give us the perspective of when you look at an acceleration of a tool road map with a customer on HBM. How much of that has pulled in, in the last 6 months from what you would typically see from a DRAM customer when they're looking for a tool?
Timothy Archer: Well, I think that as a real key supplier into the HBM market, as I mentioned, the strong position we have in the processes required before the stacking, this is an area where we're seeing very, very strong demand. I think that whether or not at some point, it's shipping above peak, I think that this AI market is continuing to evolve at a very, very fast rate. And all we're focused on right now is ensuring we are building out our own capacity and capabilities. And ensuring that we maintain that technology leadership that's allowing us to hold 100% market share of the TSV formation in HBM. And so really, that's our focus is hold the position and let the market grow as fast as the market grows.
Thomas O'Malley: Helpful. And then just one on the makeup of inventory. You guys have talked about working down inventory throughout the year. Is there any color you can give us on the makeup of that inventory? Is it more memory related or foundry logic related? I know you don't want to give specifics, but just where do you see that inventory coming down through the first half of the calendar year?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Tom, it's -- the rate of decline in memory as we went into '23 was pretty dramatic, and we ended up taking more inventory than we needed specifically for memory. So there's a bigger component of it targeted at memory and as memory recovers, the inventory will come down. Thanks for the question.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session, and the conference has also now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-10-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research September 2023 Financial Conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and we'll review our financial results for the September 2023 quarter and our outlook for the December 2023 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 o'clock PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website, along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina, and welcome, everyone. Lam produced solid results for the September quarter. Revenues came in above the midpoint of our guidance. And for the second quarter in a row, our gross margin, operating margin, and earnings per share, all exceeded the high end of the guidance range. Our revenue and earnings per share are expected to improve further in the December quarter, demonstrating our continued strong execution in a cyclically soft calendar year 2023. Turning to the wafer fabrication equipment environment, we see spending for calendar year 2023 in the $80 billion range. The adjustment in WFE from our prior view of mid $70 billion is based on updated checks on non-Lam related markets, as well as restricted fab spending in China. It does not change our assumptions on Lam revenues for the year. On the device segment side, NAND weakness continued in the quarter as customers adjusted spending levels down and further lowered utilizations to drive a faster path to supply-demand balance. While NAND WFE is down significantly in 2023, supply actions are starting to have a positive impact. Customers have recently indicated that pricing trends have stabilized and NAND bit demand has increased from high single digits per cent year-over-year growth to high teens, as certain consumer markets are demonstrating greater demand elasticity in per unit content. DRAM spending is modestly up relative to our prior view, driven by better trends in high bandwidth memory related demand, as well as further upside from domestic China customers. Meanwhile, the foundry/logic segment is down slightly versus our prior baseline due to weakness in both leading edge and non-China based mature node investments. Looking forward, it remains hard to call the timing and pace of WFE recovery, but we believe Lam is in a good position to benefit from both cyclical and structural drivers of demand. When memory investments begin to recover from current cyclical lows, we expect to see early benefits in our installed base business as fab utilization improves, driving increased demand for spares, services, and equipment upgrades. Longer term, Lam's growth story is strong and is underpinned by the fact that etch and deposition are fundamental enablers of higher performance, more scalable semiconductor device architectures. To address emerging technical challenges, customers continue to identify new innovative use cases for vertical scaling. Backside power delivery is a good example, as it is an emerging device architecture being developed to address the scaling limitations of traditional back end of line integration schemes. Etch and deposition play a critical role in enabling this transition, and backside power delivery is expected to add close to $1 billion of incremental SAM opportunity for Lam per 100,000 monthly wafer starts. Today, Power interconnects increasingly compete for space in the complex back end of line wiring, while also taking up considerable area at the transistor level. Additionally, managing power loss between the external source and the transistors is increasingly challenging due to resistance. A backside power delivery architecture enables the separation of the signal and power delivery paths to free up valuable wafer real estate and minimize power loss. Furthermore, customers are implementing changes, including the use of thicker metal layers in order to efficiently integrate backside power with their advanced packaging schemes. New etch and deposition capabilities are needed, and the trends are favorable for Lam. Due to our existing strength in back end processes, we've been able to quickly extend the capabilities of our copper electroplating and [PCVD] (ph) deposition products to address the throughput and productivity requirements of backside power applications. We now have two record positions at a leading foundry/logic customer and expect these positions to continue to grow. As we approach the end of the year, our installed base is closing in on 90,000 chambers. As semiconductor manufacturing is becoming increasingly complex, our customer support business group is seeing more opportunities to deliver innovation, productivity, and yield enhancement. In the September quarter, we expanded our equipment intelligence offering and multiple customers to include the first big data application of high resolution optical emission spectroscopy or OES. The equipment intelligence capabilities we are delivering with OES are highly differentiated due to the complexity of collecting and interpreting plasma spectra in manufacturing over time and across a large fleet of tools. Our solution allows customers to resolve performance issues that would otherwise remain undetected. Recently, our CSBG team also put the industry's first collaborative maintenance robot, or COBOT, into a production fab at a leading customer. COBOTs help execute complex maintenance tasks with precision and reliability, leading to improved tool-to-tool performance matching and higher equipment availability. Also, we believe COBOTs as a new service offering can play an important role in addressing anticipated skilled labor shortages as semiconductor manufacturing expands and becomes more regionalized. Overall, we see tremendous vectors of growth ahead for the semiconductor industry and for Lam. Scaling and complexity challenges are driving multiple inflections towards 3D architectures and in turn greater etch and deposition intensity. Lam has a strong track record of execution and we are committed to making the strategic investments needed to position the company to outperform as the industry and our markets grow. Over the last two years, we've been laying the groundwork for greater scale and efficiency with the expansion of our manufacturing, supply chain, and warehousing capabilities in Asia in order to better serve our customers in that region. We are also increasing our R&D efforts to extend our technology differentiation and expand our product portfolio to capture new inflection driven applications. While the current business environment remains challenging, secular industry trends play extremely well to land strengths, and we are excited by the breadth of opportunities we see ahead for the company. Thank you, and I'll now turn it over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Excellent. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining the call today. We delivered strong results in the September 2023 quarter. Our revenue came in above the midpoint of our guided range, and gross margin, operating income, and earnings per share all exceeded the high end of guidance. We're pleased with the company's execution during a year where memory WFE investment has declined by unprecedented amounts. Let's look at the details of our September quarter financial results. Revenue for the September quarter was $3.48 billion, which was up 9% from the prior quarter and down more than 30% from a year ago. Our deferred revenue balance at quarter end was $1.69 billion, which was a decrease of approximately $150 million from the June quarter, mainly related to revenue recognized tied to customer advance payments. We continue to have a higher deferred revenue balance versus historic levels given these advanced payments. We expect to recognize revenue in the December quarter for a portion of these deposits, which is comprehended in our guidance. Within calendar year 2024, I believe the deferred revenue balance will trend to more normalized levels. Let's now look at the segments. From a segment perspective, September quarter systems revenue and memory was 38%, which is an increase from the prior quarter level of 27%. The growth in the memory segment was driven by DRAM, which increased, sequentially coming in at 23% of systems revenue compared with 9% that we saw in the June quarter. As we noted in prior quarters, non-volatile memory spending is at historic lows in 2023. And for the September quarter, the segment represented 15% of system for revenue, which was down from the 18% that we saw last quarter. The spending levels in NAND are at dollar levels we have not seen since [planar] (ph) NAND was the predominant technology. The foundry segment represented 36% of our systems revenue, lower than the percentage concentration in the June quarter of 47%. The decrease is related to timing of leading edge investments within calendar year 2023. We performed well in this segment during the year with this quarter's spending coming mainly from mature node customers. And finally, the logic and other segments was 26% of our systems revenue in the September quarter, which was flat with the prior quarter level. Investments in this segment were heavily focused in the specialty device areas, including sensors, analog, and power devices. I'll now discuss the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at a high water mark of 48%, up from 26% in the prior quarter. The majority of the China revenue this quarter was from domestic Chinese customers. And we currently expect we will have another strong China geographic concentration profile in the December quarter as well. Our next largest geographic region concentration was Korea, had 16% of revenue in the September quarter and that compares with the 24% that we saw in June. Our customer support business group generated revenue in the September quarter, totaling approximately $1.4 billion, which was down 5% from the June quarter and 25% lower than the September quarter in calendar year 2022. Memory customers continue to operate their fabs at very low utilization rates. And customers are holding off on upgrading tools until there's more digestion of the outstanding inventory that is in the industry. The specialty technology market has been a bright spot this year, and we see that part of our business up year-over-year as we close calendar year 2023. Spares and the Reliant product line continues to be the two largest components of CSBG. Let me now turn to the gross margin performance. The September quarter came in at 47.9% above our guided range and higher than the June quarter level of 45.7%. Our strong gross margin performance compared to the prior quarter was driven primarily by favorable customer mix. We've improved elements of our cost structure during the year and are on track with our plan to improve gross margin from the March quarter level by approximately 1 percentage point as we exit calendar year 2023. September quarter operating expenses came in at $622 million, up from the prior quarter amount of $590 million. R&D as a percentage of spending was somewhat higher versus the June quarter, coming in at over 68% of our spending. The increased investment was focused on key technology inflections and development engagements with our customers. We will continue to invest in programs across multiple market segments to support our long-term strategic objectives for continued company outperformance. Operating margin for the current quarter was 30.1%, higher than the June quarter level of 27.3%, and more than 100 basis points over the high end of our guidance because of that strong gross margin performance. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 13.4%, in line with our expectations. Our estimate for the December 2023 quarter as well as for calendar year 2024 is for the tax rate to be in the low to mid-teens range. Other income and expense for the September quarter came in at $7 million in income compared with $7 million in expense in the June quarter. The favorable fluctuation in OI&E was due to a variety of factors, including rising interest rates, generating income on our cash balance. OI&E will continue to be subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility quarter by quarter. Let me now pivot to the capital return side of things. We allocated approximately $830 million to open market share repurchases and paid $230 million in dividends in the September quarter. I'll highlight that in September we announced a 16% growth in our dividend in line with our plan to deliver disciplined annual dividend growth. Since paying our first dividend in 2014, we have now raised the dividend amount 9 times. We returned over 120% of free cash flow in the quarter, and we have $2.7 billion remaining on our board authorized share repurchase plan. Calendar year to date, we've returned 83% of our free cash flow to shareholders. September quarter diluted earnings per share was $6.85 over the high end of our guided range. Diluted share count was 133 million shares, on track of our expectations and down from the June quarter. Let me pivot to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments at the end of the September quarter totaled $5.2 billion, down from $5.6 billion in the June quarter. The main driver of the cash decrease was obviously our capital return activity. Ill just mention, we also purchased buildings at our company headquarters as well as our Bay Area California factory for approximately $250 million, retiring the leases that were on the balance sheet. [indiscernible] cash was somewhat offset by improvement in days sales outstanding, which were 73 days in the September quarter down from the 80 days that we saw in the June quarter. Inventory turns were flat with the prior quarter level at 1.5 times. We continue to work to bring our inventory down, but as we've noted in prior quarter, we expect this to occur at a slower pace than we've done in the past. Our non-cash expenses for the September quarter included approximately $67 million for equity compensation, $76 million in depreciation, and $14 million in amortization. Capital expenditures for the September quarter came in at $77 million, which was flagged with the June quarter. Spending in September was primarily centered on product development activities and lab expansions in the United States and Asia. We ended the September quarter with approximately 17,200 regular full-time employees, which was a decrease of 200 people from the prior quarter. Most of this decrease is related to the restructuring actions we took earlier in the calendar year with the timing of the headcount reduction occurring in the September quarter. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the December 2023 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $3.7 billion plus or minus $300 million. Gross margin of 47% plus or minus 1 percentage point. This level of gross margin reflects a continued favorable customer mix, albeit not quite as favorable as we saw in September. Operating margin of 29.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point. The operating expenses embedded in this guidance increase from the September level due to growth in R&D. I'd also just mention that the June 2024 quarter will be higher as it includes an extra week in fiscal quarter which occurs every few years. It's going to be a 14-week quarter in March. And finally, earnings per share of $7 plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 132 million shares. With our December quarter guidance, we see solid performance in both revenue and profitability. Lam is delivering strong financial results and technology leadership to our customers as we develop solutions for the next industry inflections. And before I wrap up, I'd just like to mention two things as you think about modeling our business into 2024. The first is that we're currently experiencing favorable customer mix that may not continue at the same level going into next year. This may create near-term headwinds for gross market. Second, given all the opportunities we see in long-term technology inflections, like date all around, dry resist, advanced packaging, changing metalization schemes, and continuing the evolution of other 3D structures like DRAM. 2024 may be an R&D spending growth year to take advantage of these future opportunities that we see. As a result, it's possible the historic leverage we've delivered takes a temporary pause. We will obviously continue to aggressively drive the operational efficiencies that we always have, and our longer-term profitability objectives remain unchanged. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Kim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I had a question on China. So obviously, you've had a huge second half in China. Doug, it sounds like you think it's going to remain pretty strong in December. It sounds like maybe it's going to remain close to 50% of the mix. But it sounds like you're a little worried about -- sorry, not worried, but you think that it could actually come off a bit during the first half of 2024. Can you talk about that? What are the puts and the takes? I ask because, if you sort of back into where they're running in terms of WFE, they're running probably in the high 20s if I just take the back half of the year. So I'm wondering if that can sustain.
Tim Archer: Yes, Tim, let me start on that and then let Doug add. I think that when we think about China investment, clearly it has been strong as we've messaged. Part of the mix story and why it's such a high percentage of our mix right now also has to do with the fact that other customers are not spending. We all know that memory and NAND in particular is at extreme lows. As we look into next year, and it's a bit too early for us to give 2024 WFE, so we're not going to do that. We think about longer term China and this overall move towards regionalization that you see people investing for long term demand in mature nodes. And so, we're not going to comment on whether we think it's sustainable in the first half or the second half of next year, but long-term, we do believe that there's growing demand in mature nodes that will drive China investment in a rather sustainable manner for the next several years.
Doug Bettinger: And yes, Tim, just to parse my comments a little bit. I said, we believe China will continue to be strong, but I also said, albeit not quite as strong perhaps as we saw in September. And as Tim alluded to, the China investment is not going away. I don't know if it's up, down, sideways next year, but it's not going away. They're investing for opportunities in the market that they see. I think we're hopeful that rest of the market begins to recover at some point, because its at pretty low points, and that will mitigate the China mix to a certain extent.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot for that. Can you just talk also, your major peer that makes litho talked this morning about there being a handful of fabs now with these new restrictions that they can't ship into. It's predominantly a litho thing, but can you just talk about sort of where we are in terms of restrictions? And then also, when you're talking about that what's the commonality in the etch and dep tool set for, let's say, 28 nanometer versus let's say 7 nanometer because technically you can buy tools for 28 nanometer and you can use them to pattern 7 nanometer from a dep/etch point of view. It's not as efficient but you can do it. Can you just talk about that? Thanks.
Tim Archer: Yeah, Tim, I guess what I'd say is, we've reviewed the details of the regulations and our early assessment is we don't see any material impact to our forecasted business. Now, some of that has to do with the fact that we've already been quite restricted into what we can ship into China relative to technology engagement. And I think to your other point about tools being purchased for one node and used for another. I mean, that's something that obviously we're -- we have to follow very strict regulations to adhere to the US regulations. So I don't know that that's something that might be quite as common as what you're saying. So, but it's something that we make sure that we're fully compliant.
Timothy Arcuri: Of course, Tim. Thank you so much.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. CSBG down 8% year-over-year through the first nine months of the year. It did decline, as you mentioned, 5% sequentially. I assume the sequential decline was driven by continued utilization declines by your customers, especially your NAND customers, as you pointed out. You did talk about improving bit shipments for these customers in second half of the year, pricing stabilization, it sort of seems to be reflective of this sort of steadily improving supply demand environment. So does the team believe that utilizations have bottomed the cost of memory and foundry/logic customers? Have they started to at least stabilize at current levels?
Tim Archer: Yeah, Harlan. What we said was that, those are the comments that obviously our customers are out talking about their business. There's clearly some time lag from when they start to see improvement in bit demand and in pricing before they start to bring some of that fab utilization back online. Our CSBG business, as we said, is affected by a couple of things. One is, clearly fab utilization are at levels that we really haven't seen in terms of how much capacity has been taken offline in the NAND space. And that's affected spares. But also, when you don't need to add bits and you're really trying to conserve your own spending, there's been quite a significant delay in technology upgrades to the install base. You have those tools offline, you're not really upgrading them at this point. So that has also hit the CSBG business in terms of our upgrades component. We anticipate that as the memory business starts to improve, which is what it seems to be the leading indicators are planning to, we would think spares would start to come back and the technology upgrades would be done. Because in that next leg of growth, customers are going to want to be able to scale on that next technology node for their own efficiency of manufacturing. So we're not seeing that yet, but the leading signs are that it will come.
Harlan Sur: Thank you. And then you talked about this on the last earnings call, but you've got a strong position in [stat] (ph) chip architecture, advanced packaging. You guys have talked about this segment as being $200 million per year for Lam, potentially with the path to $1 billion business. On HBM specifically, where you have very strong share, right, HBM to HBM2 to HBM3 to HBM4, I think that there's a doubling of TSVs per chip, every new generation of HBM the DRAM stack height is also growing from like 8 to like 24 at some point. So this is -- this all is sort of a very strong tailwind for the team. Do you guys anticipate strong growth next year for your HBM/advanced packaging business? And some of your DRAM customers are also talking about HBM driving 10% of overall industry DRAM wafer starts. Is that how you guys are seeing it as well?
Tim Archer: We'll let them talk about how much it affects their business. But from what it affects ours, I mean, everything you just said, I think we're generally aligned with, which is, we are trying to drive performance generally leads to more equipment needs and more sophisticated equipment needs. And so, we do see HBM. I talked about the uptick in our business that we've already seen from it. This appears to be an area right now that is still under-supplied, and we're seeing strong demand. And so, I don't anticipate, given the interest in AI that you hear so broadly in the industry right now, that our HBM business would grow pretty strong in the next year. To characterize our overall advanced packaging, you mentioned a couple hundred million. We basically said that we think that this could be a market in which our revenues actually exceeded $1 billion over the next -- sometime in the next fiscal years. So it is a rapidly growing part of our business. And 1 in which we have quite high share.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Harlan.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Tim, my first question is on equipment spending. I know you guys don't guide WFE until January, but your lithography peer was talking about maybe a softer first half and then things sticking up into 2025. And curious, if you're seeing a similar profile where first half is more in like a lamb and out like a lion.
Tim Archer: In like a lamb, out like a lion. You know, I think that it's -- what we would say and without getting 2024 at this point, I think it is reasonable to my prior comments that I think spending will come back cautiously. And so, even though we may be seeing some of the leading indicators in some of our markets, I think people are going to want to see sustainability of that condition before we start to see significant spending. So if we were to think, and I believe that the general feeling is that 2025 is probably -- a lot of fabs opening, a lot of perhaps demand out in that timeframe. It's not unreasonable to think that you would ramp towards that as you move through 2024.
Atif Malik: Thanks. And Doug, on the gross margins, you're still guiding to year-over-year growth but down sequentially because of the mix that you talked about. Can you walk us through which innings are we in terms of the structural gross margin improvement that you guys have been talking about this year?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, if you take yourself back to when we were talking about this in the March call, you know, we're at roughly 44% gross margin and we articulated a view that we would be able to drive 100 basis point improvement in that from the operational efficiencies that we were undertaking during the year. And I'm super confident that that's absolutely already happened, frankly, and we will continue to be in a good spot as we exit the year.
Atif Malik: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question today comes from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. First one, either Doug or Tim, I don't know if you guys quantified. In the past you said like, the export restrictions with the $2 billion impact on your revenue. Is there a way to quantify with the new export restrictions? And I noticed that ALE was added to it, a way to quantify the impact in calendar 2024 or incremental dollar value? And then I have a follow-up.
Doug Bettinger: Krish, there really was nothing material incrementally in what was clarified. I guess it was yesterday, right? So you're right. When we came into the year we said $2 billion to $2.5 billion. Now we've got clarification. We could ship a little bit. We took it on to $2 billion. That's still kind of what we see this year. And nothing incremental really came out yesterday.
Tim Archer: And the reason for that, Krish, is that, in many of those cases, while specific tools might have been now, or technologies now, called out, they were already the types of tools that were used to produce the technologies that were below the limits that were already allowed. So we had already recognized that in our initial statement.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. That's very helpful. And then now just to follow-up and to my -- I asked this question last time too, kind of like with respect to the whole cryo etch, the [indiscernible] etch versus [Tel] (ph), announcing a similar product, can you give us like an update on where you are market share wise on the [indiscernible] side? And is the cryo etch having any impact? Because my understanding is cryo etch does help the throughput, but it's probably a negative from selling number of tools for [indiscernible] etch NAND applications. I'm just trying to figure out how to handicap that.
Tim Archer: Yeah, I mean, there's no change from what we've said before. I mean, Lam is a leader in high aspect ratio etch without a doubt. And I think that also on the last call I did point out the fact that while a lot has been made of cryo or these very cold etching conditions. This is already standard Lam condition. And so to a certain extent, many of these when we talk about our business and any impact that you talk about with throughput, those are already factored into our commentary. So it's not something that's new to us. And I think that in general, our focus in NAND has been and always will be, and memory in general, driving productivity at every technology node. That goes into our projected growth outlook that we always talk about.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joe Moore at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the DRAM uptick that you saw in the quarter. Can you kind of help us just understand qualitatively how much of that is coming from China? How much of that is from advanced packaging? Are you seeing kind of a resumption of technology spending? Just that kind of thing. What are you seeing that's driving that improvement?
Doug Bettinger: I guess, Joe, one I would point to, and I'll let Tim add. Yes, China was a part of it, but it's not all of it. There was an earlier question about, hey, where we are with bandwidth memory? Yes, it's getting pulled in. I mean customers want it sooner, we can ship. You've got a transition from DDR4 to DDR5 with these new CPUs that are out there. So that also is a little bit of a bright spot. So I guess I'd point to both of those things as part of what we saw in DRAM.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think that's pretty much it. I mean, as we've said before, you also have this transition to higher buy sizes, which ultimately will be a driver of wafer outs and therefore, equipment demand and probably starting to see some of the initial phases of that right now as well.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. And then in your upfront remarks, Tim, I think you had talked about trailing etch, mature node somewhat weaker outside of China. Can you -- is there something there that could be a trend? Or is that just kind of more of a one quarter phenomenon?
Tim Archer: Well, obviously, since we're not guiding future quarters, I mean, I don't -- I think it's just somewhat natural in general. I mean, we've seen in certain segments, very high spend rates as companies have looked to bring on capacity to meet demand in these mature nodes. And our industry goes through digestion phases where those tools have then started going up, and you get output and you sort of figure out whether demand is there, that requires more and it's what makes our investment cycle somewhat lumpy. And I think that's what we're really looking at right now. And if long-term demand, which we believe long-term demand for semiconductors is growing, eventually, you come back and put in more capacity into those fabs as well.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking the question. I had a follow-up question to Joe's question on non-China trailing etch. And Tim, I apologize if I missed this, but can you point to any end markets or any device types that's driving the near-term weakness? And can you remind us how big or small of a market this is for you guys today?
Doug Bettinger: Toshi, I'll take it and then let Tim add on. It's a broad set of customers investing when you look at this, the specialty nodes. I mean, it's across multiple customers unlike like leading etch foundry as an example. And so I can't really point to any one or another for you. And quite frankly, I think we all know there's inventory out there in a lot of these device types, but these are long-term investments as well, right? This isn't something that comes in one quarter and then goes away just because of what's happening in the near-term marketplace. But it is in any one segment or another, Toshi, just kind of the broad set of customers.
Tim Archer: Yes. And Toshi, the only thing I would add is, I think this is going to be an area that I think we're going to have to sort of acceptably a little harder to forecast from the standpoint. It's also a part of the market that is impacted by a number of the different chip stack type government support activities around the world. And so, you may see as certain regions try to build up their capabilities we may not be able to point in that moment to the demand being greater than the supply, and that's why they're investing. As Doug said, this is about long-term build-out what I think everybody sees is a much bigger demand for these types of devices over all these various types of applications in automotive and IoT and CMOS image sensors, et cetera, et cetera, over time.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. I appreciate the color. And then as my follow-up, one for Doug, on the 2024 model you talked about mix normalizing and you guys potentially experiencing some headwinds in gross margin. You also talked about 2024 potentially being a growth year from an R&D spending perspective. So I guess on gross margins, I guess what's the baseline that we should be working off of? Is the Q4 rate a good starting point? Or is that still kind of high given where China is. And then from an R&D spending perspective, I guess, relative to answer if you can kind of hold our hand and quantify how low leverage could be in 2024 versus history that would be super helpful.
Doug Bettinger: All right, Toshi, I'll give you a couple of data points, maybe for a little bit of color, but I'm not going to guide next year. Yes, we're still at an elevated level of gross margin from customer mix relative to where I think things normalize. Maybe a good way to think of it is go back to the June quarter, which was before we saw a lot of this China favorable mix. That's not an unreasonable baseline to start from for gross margin. So anyway, I don't know if that's helpful. And then I guess what I described from an R&D standpoint. R&D, quite frankly, has to follow a cadence independent of the level of revenue sometimes. I don't know what WFE next year is going to be. I don't know what our top line is going to be quite yet. We'll give you some color next quarter. But I do know we see an enormous number of opportunities around these technology inflections that if we don't invest right now three, four years from now, we'll look back and say, why didn't we, right? I'd be all around. Tim talked about backside power. There's high bandwidth, there's so many things that play to the strength of what we do well. So I think if you look at the December quarter and compared to September, spending up, the March quarter independent of the fact that we're going to invest more in R&D is a 14-week quarter. So you got to comprehend that. And then we're going to grow R&D as we go into next year, maybe a little bit independent of what revenue turns out to be. I guess what I would want you to think about is, historically, when business grows at Lam, you've seen nice leverage in the model. It's maybe going to flatten out a little bit, honestly, is how I'm trying to like, come to you to think about it a little bit. And again, that's because we see a lot of opportunities that we think played at the strength and is going to set us up to win in the longer term. I don't know if that helps, Toshiya.
Toshiya Hari: Yes, it makes sense. I appreciate the color, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For the first one, I'm trying to understand the usual delta between the recovery in your CSBG business and your memory systems. So how effective of a leading indicator is CSPG recovery? And what is it telling you right now about conceptually when memory system orders recover? Like is it in Q1, Q2, Q3, of next year, like what has been that delta historically? And what is that telling you right now about when your memory system orders can recover?
Tim Archer: Yes. I mean we've -- first, I'd point out the fact that it's been a long time if ever that we've seen fab utilization is quite this low. I mean our prior commentary had been that spares generally grows every year because the installed base continues to get bigger. One piece of that is true is the installed base continues to get a lot bigger. And in fact, we've said it's up more than 40% since the last cyclical downturn. And so the fact that we've seen spares and upgrades and all of these things sort of be off all at one time is pretty unique. We are anticipating that as fab utilization starts back, we'll see spares come back. And I think the one thing that will come back, and it's a little hard to predict is certain is the technology upgrade portion of this. It's been now a couple of years since any of these tools have been upgraded, and that will have to happen. In terms of your comment about offset, I think we'll -- typically, as customers start to turn the tools back on, you're probably a couple of quarters away from seeing further investments in the technology upgrades. And then I think when you're really talking about capacity adds, it's hard to predict what that time frame is because it really depends on many other factors about our customers' use of long-term demand. So I think the one thing we're certain is that we're at very low points now. We would anticipate things like utilization and spares and upgrades to start improving next year. And beyond that, I think we'll wait until January to give you a better view.
Vivek Arya: All right. And for my follow-up, another China-related question. Part of your second half strength came, I believe, from clarification of some rules. And I was hoping you would quantify how much of that strength you saw in your shipments came from just that clarification? And does that kind of spill over to early 2024. I'm just trying to tease apart how much is sort of sustainable China strength versus how much is potentially from one-off clarification in rules? Or maybe those were not one-off, right? Maybe they're also sustainable. So just if you could give us some way to guide us to how we should think about China conceptually in your first half of next year.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek, we're not going to guide you next year quite yet. But the clarification of the rules we described isn't changing, right? So we understood one node that a certain customer was doing was okay to ship to. The rules didn't change. We just had to do a little work to understand that. Collectively, as an industry, that's not going to go away. Having said that also, what our commentary on the call so far has been, I don't know if China is up now on our sideways next tier, but it's not going away. When we talk to our customers in China, they all communicate roadmaps that have multiyear horizons in front of them. Nothing new came from the regulations that you saw yesterday. So I see a level of sustainability in China as we go into next year and frankly, beyond. They have long-term objectives.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: HI, guys. Thank for taking my question. For my first question, you talked about in your WFE uptick on non-AM markets driving some of that. Am I oversimplifying? Are you just talking about litho or do you have something else in mind when you made that statement?
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, it's primarily litho. It's litho and these restricted fabs in China that we didn't have complete visibility into what they were doing, frankly. It was those two.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. You have better visibility now?
Doug Bettinger: I think we do. That's why we updated the number. We never get this exactly right, but we try to tell you what we think of it now.
Tim Archer: Stacy, some of our visibility comes from the fact that our peer companies are reporting on the business and its really their markets. So as the year goes on, we try to give you a view of the whole market, but obviously, we're most accurate on the Lam business.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Got it. But to be clear, I think you said there's no change to your forecast for the Lam business for the year, whatever that forecast is.
Tim Archer: That's right. Because we understand that WFE quite well.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Got it. And so for my follow-up, I want to go back to the leverage question for next year. So I understand you're talking about like leverage, like maybe flattening out. Was that just a statement you just think OpEx, I mean, just to put on table OpEx growing with revenue, whatever revenue is? Or given the gross margin compression that we'll probably see at least from the current level, like do you think operating margins year-over-year could actually go -- could decline next calendar year? Or like just how do we think about those different pieces?
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, if you look at what Lam has done over the last, I don't know, a decade, frankly. We've expanded margin as revenue has grown. At this point, I'm not sure what revenue is going to be next year, but I know we're going to invest more in R&D. That's what I'm trying to describe because we see all of these opportunities. And yes, I referred to the fact that we've got pretty favorable customer mix that likely mitigates somewhat next year. And so when you think about those two things, it's possible to think about kind of margin flattening off for a period of time. Our long-term profit objectives are unchanged. So I do want to reiterate that point as well.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you guys.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thank you. I have a couple of longer-term questions, Tim. I guess if I look at the last five years, your logic and foundry business has been growing almost at a 30% rate. And historically, your memory was close to 60%. And now I think we're at the bottom kind of moving from 27% to 38% or so this quarter. I'm just curious, how do you think about the mix longer term, I guess, when things normalize for you? And what is, I think, in your view, what do you think is the ideal mix for you? And what implications, if any, that might have on your top line growth going forward?
Tim Archer: Yes. It's a good question. It's a hard question to answer because the actual. Our view is we want more of everything. So we're not looking to reduce our position in memory just to make the mix look better. So we try hard every day. We have a fantastic position in memory, and we think there's still more to come there as over the next decade, I mean, NAND is going to scale customers saying to 1,000 layers, and that's a tremendous opportunity for Lam. DRAM going to 3D around the end of the decade, tremendous opportunity for Lam. So I'm afraid the memory side will keep growing simply because it's so well suited to our strengths. But you have heard us talk a lot about the fact that we see huge opportunity in the foundry logic side as well. And when Doug just talked about spending, I mean, I've tried to lay out for you in the last several quarters, the breadth of opportunities that are ahead of the company, many of which -- not all, but many of which are on the foundry logic side. I mean just to kind of recap some of those, I mean, the dry EUV photoresist and develop. When we said that's $1.5 billion opportunity over five years. And when you get towards the tail end of that five years, I mean, that's a revenue that's growing with the number of expanding EUV layers at every technology node after that. That's primarily foundry logic business. We talked about gate all around, about $1 billion incremental opportunity for Lam introduces opportunities to win new tools and selective etch and ALD. And so that's same expansion for us in foundry logic and opportunity to grow. We talked about advanced packaging. I mean you've already seen what's happened with not only the HBM side of AI, but also the entire formation of these big AI systems using interposers. Lam's invested now in panel processing as a way to ultimately bring down the costs of some of this chiplet -- these chiplet applications. And then finally, today, I just talked about backside power distribution as a new way of being very creative about how you use that backside of the wafer is additional real estate and it opens up a lot of new opportunities for us, and that's primarily a foundry logic application as well. And so really, what we're talking about is Lam has a long way to go to expand our SAM, especially on the foundry logic side. That's what we're investing for. And each of these is a $1 billion-plus opportunity for Lam over the next several years. And so we're pretty excited about that. But we're not giving up on our strong memory positions.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Thank you. I appreciate that answer. And then my quick follow-up on the HBM, I guess, technology itself. A lot of questions have been asked already. Just on the capital intensity of HBM. Tim, I mean, I know you said the die size is larger and I guess, cycle times are longer, et cetera. But is there a way to think about capital intensity per wafer or per bit? How we should think about HBM versus traditional DDR?
Tim Archer: Well, I think it's a -- I don't know that we've quantified that number, but it's -- it obviously is a much higher performance die than our device, and it does -- it is bigger and takes more capital. And so therefore, it's a performance-driven application. From our perspective, though, what really is interesting is that, many of the new tools that get added to enable HBM or Lam tools or tools that are in our market, things like silicon etch and copper plating for the TSV formation. And so that's what really makes it an even better transition for [indiscernible] company like Lam.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Got it. Thanks, Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Sri.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Brian Chin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Good afternoon. Thanks for letting us ask a few questions. So about a week ago, the U.S. relaxed its licensing requirements for some foreign companies that operate more advanced fabs in China. I know it's fairly recent, but have you seen a positive impact yet from this change in the licensing policy. I did note that in talking about China remaining a good concentration in the December quarter. It sounds like maybe there could be some shifting there between local and maybe foreign domiciled companies?
Tim Archer: Yes. It's pretty -- that comment is pretty recent. But I think relative to multinationals, wherever they operate, whether China or certainty of being able to make the investment and benefit from that long term is very important. So obviously, in the last couple of weeks, we haven't seen any movement that we had talked about. I think long term, it allows people -- it allows our customers to ultimately make the right decisions for them about where to invest. And that is especially true when you think about our installed base and the upgrades to the installed base and a customer willingness to sort of move forward with those upgrades with certainties.
Brian Chin: Got it. That's helpful. And then a lot of questions have been asked about sort of service spares and utilization improvements. But just curious, if memory companies are kind of talking as is they'll realize some of that utilization improvement, not just through increasing wafer starts, but also through some reduction in wafer start capacity as they emphasize newer nodes or capital efficiencies on some wafer loss there. How are you thinking about how that impacts maybe the trajectory of your service and spares revenue growth in calendar 2024?
Tim Archer: Well, I think that we have to see and we -- as we said about the -- it's difficult to predict the pace of the recovery. But what happens there is we're just trading off 1 part of our business that CSBG business for another. If upgrades happened before spares, you're right, it brings utilization down. But there's also something that we've said, which is as technology moves forward, many of those applications become more spares intensive because the processes are longer and more demanding. And so I would just say that we're going to see a rise in both parts of our business as fab operations recover and customers start to fully utilize the equipment in those fabs.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Mehdi Hosseini with [SIG] (ph). Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick follow-ups. Opportunities with the back side power rate. Should I think about it more of a 3-nanometer or extension of 3-nanometer? Or are those opportunities materializing when we migrate to 2-nanometer. And I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that it's still a little bit out in the future, I mean, you could go look at our customers' road maps and what they've said publicly, and I think that's probably the best way to put timing on it. I think what we're trying to highlight is the fact that our -- if you think about the challenges across almost every device, we're becoming more and more convinced that the technology solutions to those challenges involve vertical scaling, they move to 3D and you're seeing that backside power, advanced packaging, gate all around. These are -- it is something that is playing extremely well to our strengths in etch and deposition. And so timing is hard to predict, but the certain -- relative certainty of those changes happening is quite high.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And a quick follow-up for Doug. What should we think of a normalized or normal deferred revenue level?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Mehdi, in the past I've suggested maybe something around $1 billion is a normalized level and we're somewhat elevated from that. the longer we remain elevated, maybe the normalized level picks up a little bit, but I'll leave that statement, what I said, maybe roughly $1 billion.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from [Chris Caso] (ph) with Wolfe Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. This question is about where your lead times delivery times are now and generally your ability to react when demand ultimately returns. You made some comments before that your customers you think would need to see some significant improvement before they started spending. Does this mean they have some -- a little bit of luxury of time to see things get a bit better before they start calling you and increasing orders.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that if we were to go back and talk about lead times compared to pre-COVID, I would say that generally still extended, but for a variety of reasons. I mean I talked about the investments we've made in our supply chain and our manufacturing facilities. A lot of that has to be more responsive, but I think we will be able to respond when realistically when demand starts to come back. Now in certain areas, it's a little tighter than others. And I think that's where, again, we still continue to work very closely with our customers to make sure we have good forecast as we talked about. High bandwidth memory has been an area that I think has been in tighter supply. And the good thing about the investments we made in our global operations is that in certain cases, we're able to respond a little bit more quickly than customers have urgent needs.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. As a follow-up. If you give a little more clarity on the extra week you're expecting, I think it's in the March quarter, both on -- do you expect a revenue impact from that extra week? And what do you expect the cost impact to be?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Usually, you don't really see much of a revenue impact, frankly. You kind of manage based on what customer wants when. But I know for sure, with an extra week, 14 weeks instead of 13, you got more salary expense, you've got more time to use project materials and whatnot. I don't know. I didn't give you a specific number, but I think it's pretty well chronicled about there. When people have a quarter coming in like this, how much spending grows just because of it. I'm not going to put a number on it, but just think about 14 versus 13.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. We can do the math. Thank you.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Yes. Our final question will be from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for squeezing me in. In the past, you guys talked about memory spending recovery will go in several phases from increasing utilization to tech upgrades and then capacity expansion. One of the memory customers talk about converting some of this excess capacity to address the advanced note. Are you seeing that dynamics happening across other memory suppliers? And how does that change your view in terms of the timing of capacity expansion?
Doug Bettinger: Sidney, you were breaking up a little bit. I think you were asking about the cadence of when utilization comes back, what we think will happen, I think that was your question. And I think what I would tell you, first, spares comes back. Second, you'll see upgrades, and upgrades will have to happen obviously, some of the customer base has taken some things offline. So there's a spend that needs to occur to get that back online and up to speed and then eventually new equipment gets purchased. That hasn't changed.
Sidney Ho: Okay. So my question was more about some of your customers actually trying to convert some of the excess capacity to address the advanced notes, meaning that it seems like the timeline is compressed. Are you seeing all the memory suppliers doing that?
Doug Bettinger: We don't talk about any one customer or another, but that will show up in that upgrades commentary that I was talking about, the stuff that gets taken offline eventually needs to get upgraded. That's the upgrade spend in CSBG.
Sidney Ho: Okay. That's it. Maybe last question for you. Given your position in gate-all-around, has your timeline changed at all in terms of when do you expect to see gate-all-around related revenue as compared to three months ago? Maybe just remind us when that is going to happen? And what are the leading indicators you watching to gauge that timeline. Thanks.
Tim Archer: Well, yes, it's -- I don't know that our timing on gate-all-around around has changed much from three months ago. I think that, again, it's a means of scaling device performance and device performance is something is important to our customers and their [indiscernible]. So we're just engaged with customers to make sure our tools get qualified into those new nodes and when they decide to ramp them, then we'll be ready as well.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Sidney.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn it back over to the management team for closing remarks.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator, and we appreciate everyone for joining. Thank you for your time today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation's June 2023 Quarterly Financial Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Tina Correia. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the June 2023 quarter and our outlook for the September 2023 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 o'clock PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements, that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM Pacific Time. A replay of this will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina, and welcome to everyone joining the call today. Lam posted strong results for the June quarter with gross margin, operating margin and earnings per share well above the guided ranges. CSBG at 47% of revenues in the quarter, continues to stand-out as a key area of strength and stability for Lam in an otherwise weak wafer fabrication equipment spending environment. Operationally, we achieved significant improvement in on-time delivery and critical backorder performance in the quarter and now see these metrics back at normalized pre-pandemic levels. Our focus on the resiliency of our global manufacturing and supply chain network is delivering greater predictability in the short term, but more importantly, positions us to scale more efficiently when WFE growth inevitably resumes. Looking near-term, we see WFE spending in 2023 tracking to the mid $70 billion range with the upside coming from domestic China related spending as well as strong growth in high bandwidth memory or HBM related demand. By device segments, we expect overall memory WFE to be down in the mid-40% range compared to last year and non-memory segments to be down approximately 10%. We continue to see second half 2023 WFE tracking higher than first half. While 2023 is a down year for WFE, the long-term growth dynamics for the semiconductor industry are strong. Emerging growth drivers such as generative AI are only in their initial stages of adoption and will be fundamental to driving increased investment in both memory and foundry logic fabs over the next several years. Advanced AI servers have significantly higher leading edge logic memory and storage content versus traditional servers. And every incremental 1% penetration of AI servers and data centers is expected to drive $1 billion to $1.5 billion of additional WFE investment. This creates tremendous opportunity for Lam as greater etch and deposition intensity is needed to enable higher performance and more scalable device architectures. To ensure we are best positioned to win long term, we have been making significant investments to broaden our product portfolio for processing at the atomic scale. Lam is the established leader in 3D NAND and we are well positioned to benefit from the move underway to 3D in other device segments. Gate all around, 3D DRAM and advanced packaging are important 3D inflections that are expected to drive strong SAM and share growth for Lam. Advanced packaging is becoming vital to the performance, power and cost roadmaps of high-performance applications, including generative AI. Customers are increasingly adopting a wide variety of packaging schemes to enable logic and memory integration. Some of these schemes enable up to 50% improved memory density, 10 times improvement in bandwidth and 60% gain in power efficiency. Lam has a track record of excellence in the advanced packaging segment with a strong set of manufacturing proven products. Overall, we have greater than 50% market share in deposition and edge solutions required for advanced 3D stacking of high bandwidth memory. More specifically, our SABRE 3D copper electroplating tool and Syndion etch system hold 100% market share across all leading memory customers for through-silicon via formation as a result of our long established expertise in etching and filling high aspect ratio geometry structures. Overall, we expect our packaging SAM to double in the next five years. We also see our market position strengthening as we bring technology and productivity innovation to address emerging opportunities. For example, in the June quarter, we had a critical win for a new inter-die gapfill application at a key foundry-logic customer for their chiplet architecture. As this latest win ramps into production, we will have secured a leading share position for this application across the top three foundry-logic customers. We won this application for a couple of reasons. First, we delivered higher productivity relative to the competition by leveraging our unique triple quad platform architecture and multi-station sequential deposition chamber design. This enables film deposition of greater than 20 microns in a single pass, allowing the customer to run more wafers between chamber clean steps. Second, we delivered superior on-wafer performance, including better film stress management, improved defectivity, and enhanced wafer to wafter uniformity versus the competition. As we expand our position in newer high-growth markets like 3D packaging and specialty technologies, we have looked to leverage existing R&D and tools within the Lam portfolio to broaden our product offerings most efficiently. In the recent example, our long-established Kiyo etch platform has proven to be highly suited to applications which are critical to enabling new die-to-wafer hybrid bonding schemes. By delivering better etch profile than the competition, we secured a key win in the June quarter at a leading foundry-logic customer. We are currently the tool of record for a suite of etches and resist strip steps at this customer and expect to start recognizing revenue for the new application in 2023. As this customer continues to shrink packaging dimensions with future hybrid bonding iterations, we have the opportunity to double our revenue with them over the next several years. In another instance, Lam has been working with customers within the specialty segment to port key 300 millimeter etch solutions, including atomic layer etch, to 200 millimeter to overcome challenges in the manufacturing of gallium nitride devices. Adoption of GaN technology is accelerating across multiple applications ranging from high-efficiency charging devices for consumer electronics and automotive to 5G RF infrastructure. However, the fabrication of such devices is complex and requires ultra-low damage etch processes with atomic-scale precision. With our suite of solutions, we can deliver a GaN etch process that improve surface roughness and other material properties that impact device performance. These solutions were developed as a result of Lam's deep understanding of the required technology, as well as key partnerships with customers and research institutions. Longer term, we look to outperform in the trillion-dollar semiconductor industry forecasted for the end of the decade. At Lam, we are executing a strategy to create competitive differentiation by focusing on what we see as three key vectors of rising complexity. First is the technical complexity associated with enabling the transition to 3D device and packaging architectures across all market segments. Second is the support and workforce complexity arising from the expanding geographic footprint, as regionalization efforts build momentum. And third is the sustainability complexity as we responsibly manage the carbon impact of the semiconductor industry as the output grows to $1 trillion. This quarter, we detailed one component of our strategy in a press release for our Semiverse Solutions portfolio of advanced simulation and modeling products. These products are designed to help engineers get to process solutions faster, develop new products at lower cost and collaborate across the global ecosystem with greater effectiveness. We believe that by combining the physical advantages of Lam's diverse global R&D and manufacturing footprint with the virtual development and digital twin capabilities of our Semiverse Solutions, we will be in an excellent position to innovate and outperform as our industry grows into the future. With that, I will turn it over to Doug. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Excellent. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today during what I know is a very busy earnings season. We executed well in the June 2023 quarter with revenue coming in above the midpoint of our guided range and our profitability metrics exceeding the high end of guidance. While we continue to work through a challenging WFE investment year, most notably with very low memory spending, our focus on improving our operational efficiencies is showing up favorably in our results. We're laser-focused on what's in our direct control and executing well. Let me dig into revenue. June quarter revenue came in at $3.2 billion, a decrease from the prior quarter as we expected. Systems revenue declined quarter-over-quarter as we had reduced levels of deferred revenue with the improvement in supply chain constraints. We closed the June quarter with $1.8 million in deferred revenue on the balance sheet, which was a decrease of $165 million sequentially. We've got all the deferred revenue related to outstanding back order parts completely back to normal levels. As we discussed last quarter though, our deferred revenue balance is currently still at higher than historic levels. The deferred revenue balance includes increased customer cash and advanced deposits tied to orders from newer customers. We expect a significant portion of these deposits to convert to revenue during the second half of calendar year 2023. Let me now turn to the revenue segment details. Memory as a percentage of systems revenue in the June quarter was low at 27%, which was a decline from the prior quarter level of 32% and our lowest concentration percentage for this segment in the last decade. The DRAM segment within memory remained flat at 9% of systems revenue. And NAND came down to 18% of systems revenue, down from the March quarter level of 23%. We continue to expect NAND spending to remain at low levels for the remainder of the 2023 calendar year. And I just mentioned, NAND spending is at the lowest levels we've seen since the advent of the 3D NAND architecture. Consistent with the prior quarter, we see strong concentration of systems revenue in the foundry segment with the June quarter revenue percentage at 47% versus 46% that we saw in the March quarter. Investments were biased towards leading-edge devices. There also continues to be robust spending to support more mature specialty nodes. We had a record level of concentration in the logic and other segment with 26% of systems revenue in the June quarter, compared with 22% in the prior quarter. There was broad-based spending in areas such as advanced packaging, microprocessors, analog, image sensors and power applications. These are areas where we've demonstrated strong momentum with our technology solutions, and I'd just point out that they are broadly distributed geographically. With respect to the regional composition of our total revenue, the China region was 26% of the total, which was up a little bit from the prior quarter, which was 22%. China domestic customers were the majority of the China regional revenue in the June quarter. The result was strong concentration of investments for our customers in the Korea and Taiwan region, which comprised 24% and 20% of our total revenues, respectively, in the June quarter. The US region declined from the record level that we saw last quarter, largely due to the timing of customer projects. The Customer Support Business Group revenue in the June quarter totaled approximately $1.5 billion, which was a decrease of 7% from the prior quarter level and 8% lower than the June quarter in calendar 2022. CSBG represented 47% of our June quarter revenue. This is a historically high concentration percentage, driven largely by continued strength in the specialty node investments which are serviced by Reliant systems business. The Reliant and Spares businesses continue to represent the largest individual portions of CSBG revenues. Both our spares and service businesses had been negatively impacted by low fab utilization levels, particularly at our memory customers. On the profitability side of things, our June quarter gross margin came in at 45.7%, above our guided range and up from 44% that we saw in the March quarter. The quarter-on-quarter increase was related to cost and efficiency improvements, as well as a favorable product mix. We continue to expect to make further progress on our operational execution as we go forward. Operating expenses for June came in at $590 million, which was down from the $608 million in the March quarter, although it was a little bit higher than our original estimates coming into the quarter. Investing in research and development continues to be a top priority for Lam, with over two-thirds of our operating expense concentrated in R&D. We're focused on extending our product differentiation and ensuring that our competitiveness remains very strong. The June quarter operating margin came in at 27.3%, which was over the guidance range largely because of our strong gross margin performance. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter came in low at 7.5% due to a more favorable jurisdictional mix of income and provision true-ups that occurred at the end of our fiscal year. We estimate the tax rate for the remainder of the 2023 calendar year will be in the low to mid-teens level. And as always, this rate will have some fluctuation quarter to quarter. Other income and expense for the June quarter was approximately $7 million in expense, consistent with the prior quarter amount and primarily related to our strong cash balances, as well as higher interest rates. And I'd just point out, from a return on cash standpoint, we're now realizing higher interest rates on our cash balances than we're paying on the longer-term duration debt in our capital structure. And as we've discussed in the past, OI&E is subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of quarterly volatility. On our capital return activities, we allocated approximately $906 million to open market share buyback and we paid $232 million in dividends in the June quarter. We have $3.5 billion remaining on our Board authorized share buyback plan. For the June quarter, we returned 109% of free cash flow, and we're very much in line with our long-term capital return plans of returning 75% to 100% of free cash flow. June quarter diluted earnings per share came in at $5.98, over the high end of our guidance range. This was enabled from stronger revenue, improved gross margin and that lower tax rate. Diluted share count was 134 million shares, on track with our expectations and down from the March quarter. Let me now pivot to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, totaled $5.6 billion, which was flat with the March quarter. Days sales outstanding were 80 days in the June quarter. June quarter inventory turns came down from the prior quarter level of 1.9 times to 1.5 times. While we did bring inventory down slightly during the June quarter, the balance is elevated from historic levels. As business volumes reduce, we need to cancel a significant volume of purchase orders with our suppliers. As we work through these cancellations, we're taking more inventory than we need in the near term. This ongoing process will keep inventory higher than we'd like this year, frankly. We do expect inventory to come down though, albeit more slowly than we may have historically been able to drive it to. Non-cash expenses for the June quarter included approximately $68 million in equity compensation, $76 million in depreciation and $14 million for amortization. Capital expenditures were $79 million, which was down from the March quarter by approximately $41 million. Spending mainly centered on product development activities and our global lab infrastructure. We ended the June quarter with approximately 17,400 regular full-time employees, which was a decrease of approximately 1,300 people from the prior quarter. Most of this decrease is related to the restructuring actions we took earlier in the calendar year, with the timing of the headcount reduction showing up in the June quarter. Overall, we're on track with our transformation initiatives to improve our operations. And as we stand at the end of the quarter, we incurred approximately $143 million year-to-date out of an anticipated $250 million estimated range for calendar year 2023. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the September 23 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $3.4 billion, plus or minus $300 million. Gross margin of 46.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This improvement in gross margin is a function of our operational efforts as well as a beneficial mix. Operating margins of 28%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. We're purposely spending a little more in R&D in the second half of 2023. And finally, earnings per share of $6.05, plus or minus $0.75, based on a declining share count of approximately 133 million shares. So, let me summarize. The results this quarter demonstrate, I think, that we're on a solid path to strengthen our operations and our profitability profile. We're improving and optimizing all elements of the company and solidifying Lam's business foundation to ensure we're well-positioned for outperformance when WFE growth resumes. And I'll just reiterate what Tim said. We continue to see WFE a little bit second half weighted this year. Operator, with that, that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time well begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on the solid execution. As we progress through this weaker period for the industry, right, the activity level can be quite noisy, but there will come a period of stabilization of fundamentals and business trends, right, fundamentals being the things that you can track, like your customers' utilization and business-wise, the level of pushouts, reschedules and cancellations. So, I guess, with that, has the team seen utilizations starting to stabilize, albeit at low levels? And has the rate magnitude of shipment pushouts, rescheduling also come down to more normalized levels?
Tim Archer: Yeah. Thanks, Harlan. Yeah. I think that we've -- it probably varies by market segment, but clearly we've heard some of our customers, even just recently talking about more utilization cuts within certain device segments. Clearly, I would say it's slowing down as the majority of the cuts that were made in the first half of the year are kind of taking effect. I do feel like, and I made a comment about, in some ways, normalizing our operations is allowing the business to be more predictable. I think the same thing is happening on the end markets and customer side as well, where people are getting a sense of how the cuts that have already been made and how the capex reductions that have already been made are starting to flow through. So I do feel like we're in that position. And just as we, at this point, ticked a little bit up on WFE from our prior guidance of low to mid-70s to mid-70s, yeah, you're starting to see little strength in certain parts of the market, HBM being one of them. And as also we mentioned, some of the domestic China spending. So, I would feel like things are getting to the point where people are able to predict the business a little bit better than, say, six months ago.
Doug Bettinger: And Harlan, this is Doug. Maybe the only thing I would add to what Tim said is we haven't really seen utilizations getting any better, quite frankly. You'll remember on the call last quarter we talked about, you'll see that from us in our spares and service components of CSBG. And as we sit here today, you're not seeing that at this point. So it's at a fairly low level and we really don't see it getting any better in the near term.
Tim Archer: And the only other thing that we have said that when you think about especially utilization improvements in the memory space, we would anticipate Lam being the first to sort of benefit from utilization turning back on, just given our exposure in that space and the impact that it's had on our spares and service business through the first half of this year.
Harlan Sur: Appreciate that. And then, I also appreciate you guys highlighting the advanced packaging opportunity. I think it's quite timely right, because you guys called out a slightly better memory WFE trends due to strong HBM DRAM demand. So you guys benefit both in your core memory silicon tools and now your advanced packaging portfolio as you outlined, right? But just given the overall sort of recent and strong demand pull for accelerated compute and AI capabilities, I mean this is driving advanced packaging demand across CPU, GPU, networking, memory, right? And so, your customers are capacity-constrained here. So do you guys anticipate your advanced packaging segment to grow this year? And can you just give us some sense on how big this segment is for Lam?
Tim Archer: Yeah. I don't think we've -- we haven't exactly sized this business externally, but we -- it is growing and, its in certain areas, especially as I highlighted things like etch for TSVs, copper plating for filling of those TSVs, pretty much anything related to the building of that advanced packaging structure through etch and deposition. So it is a strong area of our business right now, especially given the relative weaknesses thats seen in the other parts of the market.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Our next question comes from CJ Muse from Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
CJ Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess first question, Doug, last quarter you talked about expectations for 100 bps improvement at least exiting the year. You've clearly blown that away. So curious how much of that in the guide for September is due to mix versus kind of greater efficiencies that you've garnered? And what is kind of the new exit rate that we should be thinking about for calendar '23?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, CJ. Actually, I think if you talk to the leadership team at Lam, we're all pretty pleased where we've been able to drive the operational efficiencies in the Company and its gone quicker, I think, than I expected certainly. We're obviously beyond that 100 basis point improvement. Having said that, though, I would point to -- we do have a component of the September numbers that are mix related. I'm not going to, like, quantify it precisely for you, but we're doing real well operationally. I'm not quite ready to guide December for you yet. Except, I'd say I think we're pretty pleased where we're at and we're well beyond that 100 basis point improvement that we talked about, I think on that January call, if I recall, the first time we sort of talked about it.
CJ Muse: Great, thank you. I guess the second question relates to CSBG. And how are you thinking about sustainability of Reliant? And then, as you kind of contemplate the timing of utilization picking up for memory, how do you see kind of a hand-off maybe from one part of the business to the other and how we should be modeling CSBG into September and beyond?
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think that as you pointed out, I mean, obviously there is a Reliant component that's right now is quite strong. I talked about sort of at specialty technologies, I mean we're seeing still quite strong demand for our products across all of those different segments. Utilization driving spares and service to much lower levels than we've historically seen. And so, I think as people talk and worry about roll-off in the specialty technologies, maybe that does come at the time that the utilization picks up in the leading-edge and the memory fabs. But actually at this point, I would say we haven't yet seen demand for those trailing edge technologies to really be rolling over. I mean, demand is still quite strong for us, we're focused on new applications, new tool types and it's just not something that we're ready to forecast yet, although, again, as we've said nothing grows forever, but the broadening it feels pretty good to us right now.
CJ Muse: So we should be modeling CSBG up in September?
Doug Bettinger: CJ, I guided you to $3.4 billion in revenue, you can do whatever you'd like to do with the competition. You've got the total number.
CJ Muse: Thank you, Doug and Tim. Appreciate it.
Tim Archer: Yeah.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, CJ.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar from TD Cowen. Please go ahead with your question.
Krish Sankar: Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my question. And I have two questions. First one, maybe for Tim or Doug. Kind of curious, at SEMICON West a few weeks ago, Tokyo Electron spoke about a cryo etch product and I remember you had spoken about it a couple of years ago. So I'm kind of curious how to think about your high aspect ratio etch market share. And my understanding was, lot of it is geared towards 3D NAND and obviously NAND spending is at very low level. So I'm kind of curious, number one, how to think about your high aspect ratio market share and the cryo etch product, et cetera in that route? And then I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Okay, great. Well, thanks, Krish, and I'll take it first. I think that relative to NAND, as you pointed out, I mean it's -- spending is at very low levels, down more than -- probably more than 75% year-on-year right now. But to this point of cryo etch, and I guess I would just say that at this point, Lam is the only company with cryo etch in high volume production. So it's an area where we do have strength, I mean hundreds of chambers of experience right now. We're the leader in high aspect ratio etch. I know that at the recent conference, competition has been out talking about a DTOR position for one pass at a memory customer for future node. But I think as probably everybody on this call knows, customers regularly engage more than one vendor when you're in the R&D stage for all these critical applications. And in this case, our production decisions are still quite a ways off. I look at Lam and our competitiveness. I mean, we take all of that experience that we have from years of leading in this space. We've developed a robust technology roadmap. We're engaged with the customer on a variety of different hardware and process innovations. But I think most importantly, when I think about our long-term competitiveness, we are still the only vendor that has this huge installed base from which every day we're getting learning about how to take processes from the R&D stage into high-volume production. And that's ultimately what really counts for affecting market share. And so, we've said in the past, we don't win every decision, certainly not always at the DTOR stage. But I think given where we are and where we've come from, we're very confident about maintaining leadership and market share in this space.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Very helpful, Tim. And then just a follow-up on the advanced packaging. I understand you did mention the packaging SAM could double. And you spoke about the Syndion for TSV etch and SABRE 3D for metal dep. And if I remember, when I went back, looked at my notes, in 2015, you said it will be like a $200 million to $300 million opportunity. And then I think last you folks updated this in 2020 where you had said Syndion and SABRE actually doubled since then. I'm kind of curious. I understand a lot of it goes to HBM and all those things. So from that old realm of advanced packaging, how to think about like the opportunity from here? And also for AI, my understanding is some of your ALD for high k metal gate where DRAM can also be used. So if I put it altogether, is there a way to quantify where your Syndion, SABRE revenue numbers are today and how to think about it? And also, how to think about ALD for high k metal gate? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yeah. Well, you threw out a couple of numbers. We used to talk about a couple of hundred million dollar opportunity, doubling from there, puts it in the hundreds. I mean, it's growing from that point. I mean, it's becoming a sizable business for us. We just haven't quantified specifically for those two products. I think what you can take away is we talked about our market share position. We know -- I think everybody knows HBM and 3D chip stacking, those products also play into other elements of advanced packaging. It's a very fast-growing part of our business. And so, without giving you our forecast for those markets, I think you can apply what you think about how chip stacking and 3D packaging is building momentum. You know we have 100% market share. I think just -- we're very happy to see what's transpiring in that part of the market.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. And Krish, I would just add. You're right about -- I don't know how long back, we quantified it as few hundred million dollars, not billions of dollars, just to kind of frame it for you. But it is a very fast-growing component of the business as Tim pointed out. So, maybe that's a good way to think about it. It's something when you listen to every talk and everybody is very excited about high-bandwidth memory and its enablement of AI, we're right in the middle of all of that stuff from a packaging standpoint.
Tim Archer: Krish, what I would say is in this environment, it's the -- those are the tool sets that people are actually pulling for in terms of accelerated deliveries. And so I think that gives you some sense of demand in that market.
Krish Sankar: Got it.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you, Doug. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim Arcuri from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Tim, there's been a lot of debate that I hear on NAND WFE. And obviously, you have the highest share of all the major vendors. And you used to give this model that suggested $14 billion to $15 billion per year to drive sort of mid-30% bit growth, and there was some sensitivity around it. But since then, a lot of the producers have been basically down ticking on long-term NAND bit growth, Micron is now saying low 20s. So if you kind of use that old model, you get to something like $11 billion to $12 billion per year to drive low 20s bit growth. I know you've talked about more steps and so that number has gone up. But that's just optically, it's not a ton higher than the $9 billion or so that we're spending this year. And so I keep on getting a ton of debate in terms of just how much NAND WFE is going to come back. So I'm not asking you for a new model, but can you sort of like handicap what's changed vis-a-vis that old model in a market where bit growth seems to be lower going forward than what [indiscernible]?
Tim Archer: Well, I think there probably is equal debate about what long-term etch growth is in the NAND space with some of the new applications coming out. But I certainly am not going to get crossways with our customers in terms of their forecast versus ours. I mean again, it's a market where we have such a strong position that ultimately -- we look to satisfy the technology roadmaps and the volume requirements of our customers, and that's kind of where we are. So right now, we know this year, NAND is extremely low. And without giving you our number, I mean it's -- I would say even if it gets back to something close to that model, it's a lot higher spending than where we are today. I think what's happened too is for Lam, specifically, is not only have we taken -- I mean, what might be different from that model of how much we capture of that SAM is the complexity of doing multi-tier stacking has increased our opportunity through a whole bunch of other steps that we've talked about in the past in terms of backside depth for stress management and gapfill -- ALD gapfills for plug fill, carbon sacrificial plug fills, lots of different types of applications. And so I think even an environment where you didn't do a lot better than the model, Lam would do a lot better. and we do a whole lot better than where we are today in such a low NAND spending environment. So I think we will get Tim, a new model out once we see a better view of the end demand picture, but that's the best I can do for you right now.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks, Tim. And then, Doug, I guess just as a follow-up, how does your inventory situation play out? I imagine that it's still kind of a drag on gross margin, and you said it's going to come down, you said pretty slowly as you kind of get to the back half of the year. So can you quantify how much of a drag it is as you're -- as you still have pretty high costs, I would imagine, on these parts? And then when do you think it gets back to some sort of normalized level and it's not a headwind anymore to margin? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Tim, I don't really think about it right now as a drag on gross margin, honestly. It will prevent improvement in gross margin as we have to consume some of the inventory sitting there, right, to the extent that we're negotiating costs of some of the stuff down -- the stuff that we have is already on the balance sheet, right? So you've got to consume that first. So that's the right way to think about it. I don't really think of it as a drag in the near term. And Tim, it will come down, although what I tried to say in my script was it's going to come down a little bit more slowly than perhaps you've seen us be able to drive it to in the past because we canceled a lot of purchase orders, a lot of material in that as part of negotiating through that, you end up taking perhaps a little bit more than you need in the near term, we'll consume it over time. But it's just going to create a little bit of a delay in the reduction of inventory that you've seen us be able to do in the past. So it's going to be a little bit sticky, I think, Tim, through the year. And then I think it will -- it will come down through the year, but I think it's going to be a little bit sticky. And then you'll see it improve as we get into next year.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Chin from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Chin: Hi, there. Good afternoon and thanks for letting us ask a few questions. Maybe just to backtrack on the increase to WFE this year of the, let's call it, $2 billion to $3 billion increase, is that mainly situated in second half? How should we think about, I guess, timing between calendar 3Q and 4Q? And I guess how much of the upside is HBM oriented?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Brian, I guess what I'd say is it is a little bit second half weighted, and the things we pointed to in our scripts were little bit of upside in China, China domestic and a little bit of high bandwidth memory. I don't think we're going to put a quantification between the third quarter and the fourth quarter of the calendar year, except to say it's a little bit second half weighted.
Brian Chin: Okay. That's fair enough. Maybe for my follow-up, clearly, there's a lot of focus on high bandwidth DRAM. But Tim, I was wondering, could you interject maybe your thoughts on the role of the role that SSD and flash storage might play in generative AI? And I'm sure that's factored into sort of that 1% penetration for AI servers in kind of $1 billion to $1.5 billion WFE investment?
Tim Archer: It is. And I think that was even in my answer to the last question was, I think there's still a lot of debate as to how much storage really gets driven in this, but we're a believer that there is some element of demand driven there. I think that when we think about DRAM, there's a couple of things at play in terms of what drives it. One is, of course, the HBM also increases die size, I think, as you know. And that leads perhaps even greater WFE increase associated both with the silicon side of that as well as the packaging side. I'm not sure that same dynamic exists on the NAND side, but in terms of consumption, it feels like there should be some. But again, I'm willing to sort of let this play out a little further to see what the new model should be. And we talk closely to our customers to see what they're seeing in the marketplace as well.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Brian, this is Doug. I don't know if this helps. But when I look at like the composition of some of these AI servers, nominally, there's roughly eight times the DRAM versus an enterprise class server and three times demand from a storage standpoint. I don't know if that will help you get your head wrapped around it. But DRAM is clearly a little bit more enabling on the compute side, but storage picks up also.
Brian Chin: Okay. Got it. And probably scale out of these language models probably also could increase that storage potential over time. But thanks for your inputs. Appreciate that.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Tim or Doug. Just on China, I was hoping you guys could give a little more color in terms of what you're seeing on the ground. Doug, I think you said China was 26% of revenue and a big chunk of that was domestic. Whats sort of the makeup by application, foundry, memory and other? And I guess, importantly, how should we think about sustainability going forward? It's really hard to tell from our standpoint, just given the spend is so strategic, right? It's not necessarily tied directly to near-term economics. So it's hard for us. But in terms of what you're hearing from customers, what is the feedback? And how much visibility are they giving you going forward?
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think that it's split. I mean, obviously, on the domestic China side between some memory investments as well as a lot of specialty technologies, trailing edge focus on end markets, I think we're all familiar with automotive and industrial and those types of markets. As you mentioned, it's strategic. I mean, these are customers that are giving us long-term forecasts. Doug talked last quarter about deferred revenues are impacted by some of the down payments, at least within the visibility horizon that we need, we feel we have a pretty good view of a fair bit of investment that this continues in China, especially in those specialty technology markets where new fabs are emerging to try to capture some element of those trailing edge end markets.
Toshiya Hari: That's helpful. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, maybe one for Doug on gross margin. You talked about operational efforts and initiatives a couple of times. What exactly are you doing today? I know there's no ending to things like this, but which inning are you in, in terms of reaping some of the benefits? And you used to talk about Malaysia as a headwind a year ago, 1.5 years ago, where are you with the ramp there? And how should we think about the tailwind as volumes recover going forward? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I think, Toshi, the way to think about it is business is down. Right now, we're not really growing anywhere. I think as we see growth come back, whenever that is, the pivot to that Malaysia factory, which has an opportunity to do more than it's doing today, will be largely what you see from us. Now maybe to help with the restructuring activities, we embarked on plans to kind of restructure the cost footprint of the company. And maybe the best way to think about it, I've given you a forecast. We think we're going to take charges of $250 million at this point. We've taken $143 million at the end of the last quarter. So we still have some things we're working on. Although I would tell you the workforce portion of it is complete. We're done with that aspect of it. So that's behind us, we believe. So there's just some other things you're doing around looking at product, repositioning inventory, maybe a little bit of infrastructure stuff, we are embarked upon what will be a multiyear digital transformation initiative at the company, which will deliver efficiencies over the next several years. So there's a handful of things that are still coming in the future, I guess, is what I would describe.
Toshiya Hari: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Toshiya.
Operator: Our next question comes from Atif Malik from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions on leading-edge investments. I thought you gave an interesting data point that 1% AI server adoption leads to $1 billion to $1.5 billion incremental WFE. When I listened to the major foundry in Taiwan, they talked about 50% AI semi growth rate in the next few years but we did not really raise any CapEx this year. And we believe AI server adoption is probably like high single digit, 8%, 9%. So what explains the discrepancy in terms of not seeing a lift in leading-edge investments from the higher server adoption? Maybe it's just underutilization in other end markets.
Doug Bettinger: I guess what I think about, Atif, is these are longer-term statements we're making. I think you're right about the composition of AI servers. In the short term, you're not really going to see a meaningful uptick in WFE, frankly. This is going to occur over the next several years. As more of -- and you're right, I think server volumes largely, I don't know, mid- to, I'd call it, mid-single digit percent of total servers. I think that grows over time. But in the short term, it doesn't really show up as quickly as you might think. It requires sort of capital investments to occur for future demand. That doesn't really happen in a meaningful way in the short term.
Atif Malik: Got it, Doug. And then as a follow-up, you guys are very well leveraged to get all around, particularly on the edge side and they have been waiting for this technology inflection for the last three years. Your peer in Europe is talking about pilot line orders in December quarter this year. And Tim spoke about having better visibility versus six months ago. So my question to you is, when do you see the gate all around opportunity kind of grow meaningful for you? Is it the first half of next year or second half of next year?
Tim Archer: I think it starts in line with the timeline that you just talked about and it's first -- through the first half and second half of next year. I mean these things tend to ramp and I think we are at the point where gate all around is going to become more meaningful. We'll see that in growth in some of the traditional products that are sort of lumped in with everything else. But then there are specialized products that we talked about, like selective etch those -- that suite of tools that's very specialized for applications like gate all around. We'll see faster growth in those segments, I think, as we move through '24 and on into '25. So yeah, maybe we're at that key inflection point. How that overcomes the rest of the market dynamics in '24? We're not ready to guide '24 yet, but some of those technology trends are starting to move in our favor.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Atif.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on the China question. I guess, how are you seeing the impact of last year's export controls? Is that your China business has obviously done pretty well since then given the headwinds? Have there been -- have the restrictions been what you thought they would be? Is there anything that's different? And then there continue to be rumblings of additional controls. Do you have any visibility into what that could look like?
Tim Archer: Yeah, Joe, we had talked last -- at the end -- towards the end of last year, right around the October 7 announcement that the impact to our business this year would be $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We clarified earlier this year that because we were able to make some shipments for trailing etch memory that we had not -- we weren't sure whether we could, that impact was going to be closer to the $2 billion mark. That is still what we estimate the impact of last year's restrictions, the October 7 restrictions on our business, $2 billion of revenues. Now in the same time, as China has shifted its focus towards the areas they can invest, these trailing etch, foundry logic and some of the trailing edge memory, we've seen that upticking a bit as we've moved through this year, and that's what we just spoke about. So I can't really speak to future regulations that may or may not be contemplated. We have a team in Washington DC that's regularly engaged with the government, make sure they understand our business and the details of the semiconductor industry, and that's about the best we can do right now.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Tim, I'm curious, what should be the signs we should look for, for when memory utilization starts to pick up? And when orders to you guys start to improve? So if you look at historical trends, should we be waiting for like one quarter of pricing improvement, two quarters of pricing improvement? Just what are kind of the external metrics we should be keeping an eye on to try and predict when memory WFE should start to pick up?
Tim Archer: Okay, a little bit difficult, I guess, just from the standpoint that, obviously, pricing improvement in memory, we tend to start to get customers interested in greater utilization of the fab. I think easier, I was going to answer relative to what you'd see in Lam. Obviously, once we start reporting an uptick in our CSBG spares and service businesses, obviously, it's an indicator that fabs are starting to be utilized more, and therefore, consuming spares and service. That's why I mentioned a little earlier that we are expecting to be really one of the first beneficiaries of a recovery in memory because so much of the -- there have been such deep utilization cuts in the memory fabs, that the spares and service side of our business has been impacted to a greater degree than we would have expected. When they turn those back on, that revenue should come back, and that will probably be your first indications from Lam's reported numbers of what's going on.
Vivek Arya: I guess that was really the origin of the question because from what I heard on the call, I think you were suggesting there is a scenario in which CSBG revenues do start to pick up sequentially in the next quarter. But then you mentioned that the visibility around memory utilization, right, is not there from an industry perspective. So is there still a delta between the two?
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, we did not suggest CSBG is picking up in the next quarter. That was not a statement anybody on the call made. So if we said something that led you did that conclusion, maybe we misspoke or perhaps you misinterpreted something else we said.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Sorry. Maybe I misheard. Then maybe for my second question, Doug, the gross margin upside in Q3, right, it was quite sizable. I don't remember the last time you had such a strong gross margin upside. I think you mentioned something along the lines of mix. Is that mix unsustainable? Like is that likely to reverse, right, at some point? What is the right way to think about the sustainability of gross margins at these levels. So let's say if you assume that your sales continue to grow sequentially, then can gross margins continue to be at plus minus these levels? Or is there something that would dramatically change in the mix to change the trajectory of gross margins?
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, I don't know if there's anything I'd point to that is dramatic. I suggested two things. One, our operational efforts in terms of just efficiencies and whatnot, it is maybe a little further ahead of where I thought it would have been. And I did point to favorable mix in the current quarter. You always see mix up and down, both products as well as customer mix. We're benefiting a little bit in the September quarter. I don't know if you'll see that same magnitude of mix benefit in December. The operational stuff, we will. I wouldn't run too far away from where we are right now into the near term anyway. But I would tell you, I'm very pleased with what we've been able to execute and the things that are in our own control, we've done extremely well.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For my first one, you talked about the bulk of the China $1.8 billion in deferred selling through in the second half. How much of that $1.8 billion actually is coming from China? And how much of that do you actually see yourself recognizing in the second half? And is it more in Q3, Q4? Do you have any idea on the timing of that?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I've never said how much of it is in China. I've described it as newer customers, right? Customers that are new that we're not exactly sure of the creditworthiness, we require cash in advance before we build the tools. I haven't put a number on how much of it is China. Although a decent amount of it is. And what I said on how much that turns to revenue, as I said, the majority of it turns to revenue in the second half of the year.
Stacy Rasgon: So, like, you have $1.8 billion of revenue that will be recognized in the second half from that deferred? Like, what would be the normal amount [indiscernible]?
Tim Archer: No, Stacy, there's a normalized level of deferred revenue that's always here, always has been here, and you should expect to always be here. It's probably $750 million to $1 billion on a regular basis, I think, is what you've seen from us in the past. I wouldn't expect it to be too different than that. We've just got a lot of this cash in advance payments right now. That's why it's elevated.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. For my second question, so you're talking memory WP down in the mid-40s. Can you give us a feeling for how you see DRAM versus NAND breaking out in that? And whether or not your views on both of those have changed over the last 90 days versus like where we were a quarter ago?
Tim Archer: Yeah, we've said that NAND is obviously by far worse. We said about -- about 75% year-on-year. So obviously, that was quite that. I mean DRAM then obviously less than down mid-40s. And I think that in terms of change, we've seen a little bit of improvement, as we've just talked about with HBM and some signs of, at least a little bit more optimism on our part that the DRAM would be the first to recover as a result of some of these trends. And again, just listening to our customers and talking to them, we've heard some customers talk about further cuts in NAND just in the last 24 hours. So...
Stacy Rasgon: Like, do you think utilization in DRAM is still falling?
Doug Bettinger: It's still at a pretty low level, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: You're welcome.
Tim Archer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe just following back up on what Stacy just asked. I was just kind of confused, you raised the outlook for WFE by a couple billion dollars, and it seemed like it was memory, that was the inflection. But then when you talk about memory, it seems like NAND is kind of flattish. And I'm just kind of curious how much of the increase is there in DRAM? Or is really the growth you're seeing in September more kind of this China part that Stacy was just asking about?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Blayne, Tim pointed to two things. A little bit more in China and high-bandwidth memory as it's not a huge uptick in WFE, but those are the contributors.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. And then I guess, I just want to understand, there's two moving pieces in foundry logic, and you've seen some delays at the leading etch. Can you just some commentary between those moving pieces, kind of the non-China piece, what are you seeing for the back half of this year?
Doug Bettinger: We described in generally, when you look at WFE down, where it is memory is down mid-40s, and you probably know kind of where that is run rating suggested foundry logic, looks like it's down roughly 10%. And yeah, you're right, just been a little bit of a softening in leading-edge foundry logic. We talked a little bit about that last quarter. I'm not sure we're describing anything incremental. Perhaps we saw some things others didn't see sooner than they did. But that's how we see things setting up right now.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Blayne.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our final question will come from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Please go ahead with your question.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Hi. Just a question on -- as you look at WFE for next year, any thoughts on how much some of these onshore greenfield fabs could contribute to CapEx for next year?
Tim Archer: Well, I think it's -- as we're just in the middle of this year, it's too early to talk about '24 from an absolute number. But clearly, as we move through the next couple of years, I talked about this regional -- these regionalization efforts building momentum. I do think that we'll see that becoming a meaningful contributor to spending, not only here but in other parts of the world.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And then on the AI side, obviously, you have mentioned packaging as a big roadmap there. When you look at CoWoS packaging, any thoughts on how much -- what your exposure is there and how you see that growing next year, I guess? Thanks.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I mean everything related to advanced packaging is growing right now. And I would say Lam's exposure kind of across the board in etching deposition is very strong. So I called out specifically HBM, but you're right. I mean when you look at the importance of things like CoWoS-2 and AI packaged system, our exposure there even broadens further to the types of tools that we sell in there. And I mentioned this point, if people caught it, even in advanced packaging, we're having to invest in new technologies for atomic scale processing. And so you can see things like ALD being used in advanced packaging now. And so we're really in a world where ALD is being used for advanced packaging, ALE is being used for 200-millimeter GaN. I think that it is creating tremendous opportunities for Lam to leverage our really broad portfolio of technologies for all these new emerging growth opportunities. And it's pretty exciting.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yeah. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: And with that ladies and gentlemen, we'll be turning the floor back over to the management team for any closing remarks. And management, are you able to hear me? Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be closing today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-04-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research March 2023 Quarter Financial Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we'll share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the March 2023 quarters and our outlook for the June 2023 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website, along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina, and welcome, everyone. Lam's March quarter results reflect strong execution with revenues, operating margins and EPS all exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. Foundry-related system revenues achieved record levels, demonstrating our solid progress in both leading edge and specialty technology segments. We continue to prioritize investments in long-term technology road maps, customer support and operational transformation while prudently managing near-term spending and profitability. As our June quarter guidance indicates, the near-term demand environment remains challenging. We expect 2023 WFE spending to be in the low to mid $70 billion range, with additional weakness primarily from memory customers, partially offset by domestic China-related demand. On the China front, we see incremental strength in mature node logic and memory segments. Recently, the U.S. government notified us of a clarification to the rule issued last October governing exports to China. This notification allows us to ship certain products that we had originally excluded from our expectations. We expect to ship these tools in the second half of 2023. Overall, Memory customers continue to lower fab utilizations, slow technology conversions and reduce investments in capacity additions to limit bit output and drive inventory down to normalized levels. We expect memory spending for the year to decline approximately 50% from 2022, and led by NAND. Memory spending in 2023 is at a historic low as a percentage of total WFE. We believe this level of investment is unsustainable to support long-term growth in bit demand, especially considering the data-intensive applications such as AI, are still in the early stages of adoption and can have approximately 3x the DRAM and 8x the storage content of a regular server. In addition, advances in memory architectures such as DDR5 are driving process technology evolution and larger die sizes. As these trends accelerate, Lam's established leadership in memory, positions us to outperform as we benefit not only from investments in new tools for capacity, but also from the technology upgrades to our large installed base of tools. Our installed base for memory has increased close to 40% compared to the last down cycle. It is a valuable platform for growth when memory customers begin to ramp utilization back to normal levels, and convert existing lines to next-generation nodes. While Lam clearly stands to benefit when memory conditions improve, this is the one aspect of our growth opportunity. Rising manufacturing complexity tied to key technology inflections is positive for both overall capital intensity and more importantly, Lam's areas of product strength. For example, EUV patterning and gate all-around devices are two important inflections where Lam has made significant investments in new products for processing at the atomic scale. We are gaining traction with these new products, yet they are in the early stages of the ramp with the majority of growth still in front of us. If we look at patterning, it is already a multibillion-dollar opportunity for Lam. We have a leading share position in this segment, and we are broadening our footprint as EUV adoption scales. Lam's edge solutions have been developed to enhance productivity of EUV by creating well-defined smooth patterns with minimal EUV photon exposure. Our pulse plasma capabilities help reduced line width roughness, which is a particularly challenging problem as EUV resist become thinner at future nodes. Lam's etch portfolio is on track to win close to 75% share of these EUV patterning applications. Also, as the pattern is etched into the film stack, the hardness and stress in the films has a strong influence on Pattern Fidelity. Precise control of film properties is a hallmark of our deposited hard mask films. We are already the process tool of record for critical applications in the foundry logic segment for EUV patterning with continued growth expected as EUV adoption expands. Addressing EUV scalability challenges is also the central goal behind our dry resist technologies. Last year, we saw the first adoption of our drive development and underlayer plusses for EUV applications by a major memory customer. Our progress extended to include a second large memory player in the March quarter. Today, I'm pleased to provide another update. A key foundry logic customer is set to adopt our dry resist deposition, drive development and underlayer solution for their EUV applications, and we will start recognizing revenues for these products in calendar 2023. Looking ahead, the challenges of EUV patterning will continue to grow at every technology node, and in particular, when high NA EUV adoption dictates the need for even thinner EUV resist. With our differentiated pattern etch, hard mask and drive resist solutions, we see our product portfolio becoming increasingly vital to the industry's scaling road map. Moving to gate-all-around, this inflection introduces what we consider to be the first true 3D logic device from a processing perspective. It requires new etch and deposition capability to address the geometric complexity performing the all-around characteristics of the transistor. Processing for gate-all-around, just as the name implies, must take place on top of, underneath and inside the device, where reactors need to reach spaces that are perpendicular to the usual reaction direction. The 3D nature of gate-all-around architecture is well suited to atomic layer deposition and atomic layer etching solutions, making a key inflection that plays to our strengths. For Lam, the transition to the gate-all-around node is close to $1 billion incremental opportunity per 100,000 wafer start per month capacity. Our expectation is for our share in this market to be at least as good as our overall goals for the Company. To address the manufacturing challenges of gate all-around devices, Lam has launched several new products including our Selis, Prevos and Argos suite of selective etch tools with more to come in the future. These tools can etch and treat all surfaces of the device with ALE like precision. Our selective etch tools have achieved process of record positions at multiple customers for gate-all-around applications, and we saw continued momentum in the March quarter with additional shipments to key customers. Atomic-level control is also increasingly critical in depositing films in the complex geometries very close to the transistor. Our differentiated approach uses a radical based plasma ALD reactor to deliver high-performance films with high-volume manufacturing ready productivity. Multiple customers have now adopted Lam's ALD low-case spacer and nitride films and we see this demand growing in future nodes. In summary, we are working through a lower WFE year in 2023 by managing near-term expenses, strengthening our operational capabilities and prioritizing R&D investments tied to critical manufacturing inflections. Our focus remains on ensuring that when WFE growth resumes, the criticality of our products to our customers' plans and the value of our installed base, which has grown nearly 40% since the last downturn, put us in a strong position to outperform. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. Our March 2023 quarter financial results came in at or over the midpoint of our guidance ranges for all financial metrics. We generated over $1.6 billion of free cash flow during the quarter, which was a record level for the Company. Overall, we not only delivered financial performance in line with our guidance for the quarter, but we also made great progress on our business transformation and cost-saving initiatives. Let me now move to our revenue and profitability results. Revenue for the March quarter was $3.87 billion, down 27% from the prior quarter. Systems revenue was the main driver of the decrease given the decline in WFE investments most notably in memory. As expected, with the improvement in supply chain constraints, we are exiting the March quarter having completed shipments for nearly all of our outstanding back order systems. Back orders are now at what I would characterize as normalized levels. However, our deferred revenue balance is higher than historic levels remaining flat with the prior quarter with a balance of $2 billion. This deferred revenue balance reflects the impact of increased customer cash and advanced deposits tied to orders from newer customers, which is offset by the decline related to the completed back orders. The advanced payments will remain in deferred revenue until we ship the related tools. And I would just mention that we do expect the majority of these deposits to convert the revenue during calendar year 2023. Looking at the revenue segment details for the March quarter. The percentage of systems revenue in memory was 32%, which is a decline from the prior quarter level of 50%. I would mention this is the lowest level of memory concentration for us in a decade. Within Memory, the NAND segment represented 23% of our systems revenue, down from the December quarter level of 39%. And DRAM decreased sequentially, coming in at only 9% of systems revenue compared with 11% in the December quarter. With the current weakness in memory investments, we anticipate a further decline in both NAND and DRAM revenue in the June quarter. In foundry conversely, we had a record dollar level of revenue in the March quarter, representing 46% of our systems revenue, higher than the percentage contribution in the December quarter, which was 31%. We had positive momentum in both leading and mature node devices. And I'm pleased with the progress we've made in this segment of the market. We are seeing particular concentration in the mature node investments this year. The logic and other segment had continued strength with a contribution of 22% of systems revenue in the March quarter compared with 19% in the prior quarter. Investments were from a broad array of logic IDM in multiple regions. Let me now shift and discuss the regional contribution of our total revenue. Korea and China were at the top of the list with each coming in at 22% of the total. The Korea region had a slightly higher concentration in the March quarter, up from 20% in the December quarter. China was down from 24% in the prior quarter, and the reduction was largely attributed to the U.S. government sales restrictions for certain Chinese domestic customers which were put in place in early October of 2022. Notably, in the United States, we had a record revenue from a dollar perspective in the March quarter, which represented 16% of our total revenues an increase from the prior quarter level of 10%. And finally, Taiwan decreased to a concentration of 18% as compared with 19% in the December quarter. Our Customer Support Business Group generated revenue in the March quarter, totaling approximately $1.6 billion, which was a decrease of 7% from the December quarter but 14% higher than the March quarter in calendar 2022. CSBG continues to be a resilient part of our business model, representing over 40% of our March quarter revenue. We saw utilization level -- excuse me, utilization levels decline at the memory customers which negatively impacted both spares and service businesses, but Reliance Systems and upgrade revenues increased in the March quarter given the demand strength we're seeing in mature node devices. The specialty technology market is performing better than overall WFE, and I expect this part of the business to continue to perform well during calendar year 2023. Let me now pivot to our gross margin performance. The March quarter came in at 44%, right at the midpoint of our guided range and down from 45.1% in the December quarter. The quarter-on-quarter decrease was tied to lower business volumes as well as customer and product mix. The Company is focused on improvements in cost and efficiency to enhance profitability which is aligned with our plan to expand gross margin by at least 1 percentage point exiting calendar year 2023. Operating expenses were $608 million in the March quarter, down 11% from the prior quarter amount of $686 million. We executed on cost savings actions and have managed spending across the Company while prioritizing investments in support of our customers' road maps. R&D expenses comprised nearly 70% of our operating expenses, which is a high point for the Company. The March quarter operating margin was 28.3% and above the midpoint of guidance, mainly because of the cost saving actions and expense management that we undertook. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 13.1% and in line with our expectations. Looking into calendar 2023, we believe the tax rate will be in the low to mid-teens with fluctuations expected quarter-to-quarter. Other income and expense came in for the quarter at $8 million in expense lower by approximately $30 million from the prior quarter. The decrease in expense reflects increased interest income due to the higher cash balances as well as rising interest rates. OI&E will continue to be subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility each quarter. On the capital return side of things in the March quarter. We allocated approximately $483 million to open market share repurchases. Additionally, we paid $234 million in dividends in the quarter. We continue to track towards our long-term capital return plans of returning 75% to 100% of our free cash flow. March quarter diluted earnings per share was $6.99 and at the higher end of our guided range. Diluted share count was down to 135 million shares on track with our expectations and obviously lower a little bit than the December quarter. For the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash at the end of the March quarter totaled $5.6 billion up from $4.8 billion at the end of the December 2022 quarter. The increase was largely due to collections offset by cash allocated to share buyback and dividends and capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 77 days in the March quarter, an increase from 70 days in the December quarter. Inventory turns declined from the prior quarter to 1.9x, and we ended the March quarter with a slightly higher inventory dollar balance. We will continue to manage inventory balances during the calendar year. Non-cash expenses for the March quarter included approximately $74 million in equity compensation in depreciation and $14 million for amortization. Capital expenditures for the March quarter were $119 million, down from the December quarter level by approximately $44 million. March quarter investments were mainly for our Malaysia factory, the Korea Technology Center and other product development activities. As we discussed in the January earnings call, we had a workforce reduction within the March quarter of approximately 1,400 people. Additionally, we reduced 700 temporary workers. We incurred a charge for the workforce actions in the March quarter of approximately $99 million, primarily reflecting severance-related payments. This charge was somewhat higher than our original estimate due to more impacted people with a somewhat higher seniority level. We also incurred other one-time charges in the quarter for product rationalization decisions as we prioritize technology investments within the Company and for transformation costs related to projects to improve our systems and operations. We anticipate we'll incur one-time costs in the range of $250 million within calendar year 2023 and which is inclusive of the $144 million that we expensed in the March quarter. We ended the March quarter with approximately 18,700 regular full-time employees, which is a slight decrease in the prior quarter. Due to the timing of our quarter end and our restructuring actions, a significant amount of the head count reduction we undertook won't be reflected in the headcount number until the June quarter. Now let's turn to the non-GAAP guidance for the June 2023 quarter. We are expecting revenue of $3.1 billion plus or minus $300 million. The sequential decline reflects a soft memory environment and the normalization of back order systems that occurred in the March quarter. Gross margin of 44%, plus or minus 1 percentage point; operating margins of 25.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $5, plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 134 million shares. So then let me summarize. 2023 is proving to be a challenging environment for our memory shipments, but I'm pleased with the progress we're accomplishing against this challenging backdrop. We continue to make progress on growing our technology leadership and focusing on our operational efficiencies. We will emerge from this memory-led downturn, is stronger better positioned, more efficient company. In closing, I just mentioned one more thing. that as we look at the profile of WFE spending this year, it now appears to be a little bit second half weighted. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J Muse: I guess the first question would be on deferred revenues. Exiting last quarter, I think you talked about trying to get to $1.5 billion and then we'd normalize there, whereas on this call, you said you expected to revenue the majority of these deposits in calendar '23. So can you help us understand the moving parts there? And what kind of contribution in the June quarter guide will come from a deferred revenue line?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. C.J., I got a little bit wrong last quarter is what I would tell you. The cash and bank deposits from some of our newer customers ended up being a little bit more than we expected. Offsetting that, to a certain extent, was the decline in back orders. So we got that part exactly right. But what I didn't give when I told you 1.5 would be the normalized level was this cash in advance deposits I think that is going to be around for a little while. And like I said, I think the majority of that will revenue during calendar year '23, clearly in the second half. I don't think a whole lot of it shows up in the June quarter, if any of it.
C.J Muse: Okay. Very helpful. And then I guess to follow up on your last comment around WFE being a little bit more second half weighted. That seems like a seismic shift. I guess, is that just the magnitude of the cuts that you've seen kind of in the first half? Or has anything else changed? And I guess as you think about that, if you do have the benefit of deferred revenues in the second half and WFE higher, it certainly would suggest that second half total revenues should be nicely higher than the first half.
Tim Archer: Yes. C.J., I mean, I think that commentary on second half being a little bit higher, I think has something to do also with the effect that we talked about incremental weakness clearly, our June quarter has been weaker than what we probably thought as we came into the year. And so, some of that shows up in the back half, I think it is a case of customers continue to make pretty aggressive adjustments, both the utilization of tools as well as overall spending. That's what we're seeing here in the first half. We also talked about the fact that with the some clarification on the time restrictions, there would be additional shipments that occur through China in the second half that weren't originally anticipated. So that does help us with WFE in the second half as well.
Operator: And the next question will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Tim, if I take your comments and I combine them with Applied and ASML earlier today, obviously, there's this huge explosion in demand coming from China lagging edge. How sustainable do you think this is? It sort of feels kind of like given the restrictions they're just taking what they can get, which is now they're pouring all their money into lagging edge. So does that worry you that maybe that's not sustainable? Or is there something going on there where there's real demand backing that?
Tim Archer: Well, I believe that there is real demand. I mean every region, I think, is trying to build up a regional capability to manufacture all types of semiconductors. And as you just said, I mean, in China, this is one area that they have the ability to create that capability and also they have the demand to consume it as well. And so I think from that standpoint, it's good demand for us and for others in the industry. But I think in a bigger sense, this regional self -- call it self-sufficiency or regional resilience that's being built, I think, is going to have a long-term impact on spending in the industry. And so we're not trying to sort of play the game of is it or is it not sustainable? We're talking to our customers, and in some cases, these are new projects that are coming up. We do our own assessment of whether or not they will be able to invest if they have the technology. And I think that with not only U.S. chipset, but recent news on the European chipset, I think that this is something that it's going to have a positive impact on spending to the industry across both leading-edge and these trailing and specialty ecology segments for quite some time.
Timothy Arcuri: And then I guess, Doug or Tim, can you just provide more color on -- you said that there's been some clarification of the export rules. Can you give an example of what can ship now that was assumed to not be able to ship in the past?
Tim Archer: It's exactly the same as what was issued in the October 7 rules in terms of technology limits. We want to be very clear on Lam staying compliant with the restrictions. And so, at the time we had given the guidance for the year, we said $2 billion to $2.5 billion of impact. We knew we were looking for clarification on how to determine whether some shipments that were in there could be made. That's why there was a range. And so now with that clarification on how you determine what can and can't ship, we've added those tools back into our forecast the year. But if you look at the rules that are there, it's exactly what was printed on October 7.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, just to put some numbers around it, it's a few hundred million dollars, I think, as we look at revenue for the year for Lam.
Operator: And our next question will come from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar: I do the first one, just a follow-up on the China question. Doug, just like trying to like put all the comments together with back half loaded WFE some of the relaxation of China constraints and strong demand from lagging in China. Is it that assumes June quarter is a trough quarter for you from a revenue standpoint? And heading into back up, your gross margin should improve as you start shipping more China? And then I have a follow-up.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean, Krish, what I said is it's a slightly second half-weighted WFE year. And by the way, I just clarify if there's any confusion about the deferred cash and advanced deposits that are sitting there, that's in the WFE number. So that's part of the second half weighting as well, just so everybody's clear about that. And then, Krish, yes, when I look at what we're doing with the cost structure and how we're sort of pivoting where we do what we do, I've been talking, I think, the second quarter about a view that we should exit the year at least a percentage point gross margin higher than where we are. I still believe that is the trajectory that we're on.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Super helpful. And then just a technology question for Tim. You had the slide on gate-all-around, and you spoke about the opportunity in ALD and ALE I'm kind of curious because ASM International is a leader in ALD. And why would customers shift to someone else versus the incumbent just because of gate-all-around. Is or are there any gate-all-around specific technology issues that your ALD is addressing that the incumbent is note? Thank you.
Tim Archer: It's a good question because I guess the point is we have a very strong position in ALD across a number of different types of films. And what I tried to speak to is there are specifically new types of challenges to introduce. And in the end, customers select tools based on the film performance, the deposition capabilities, the tool productivity reliability and manufacturing, lots of different factors. And I think these are areas that just over the years, Lam has excelled, and we -- I think we can in ALD as well. Thanks, Krish.
Operator: And the next question will come from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: I think you mentioned you saw some impact from utilization on the CSBG business in the March quarter. Can you talk about what that looks like for the next couple of quarters? Are you seeing impact from lower memory utilization within those numbers? And then as a follow-up, can you give us some sense of as Reliant keeps getting presumably bigger, how much of the -- what's in CSBG is actually kind of more on the Reliant tool side?
Tim Archer: Yes. Let me take a crack at the utilization. I mean, obviously, you've heard a lot within the memory industry about utilization cuts and even some throughout the different segments of the markets. That clearly hits our spares and services business as customers look to save money in the near term, the idle tools. They also burn off some of the inventory they might have built up over the last couple of years. And so that's clearly showing up in CSBG. Eventually, that runs its course, and our expectation is that there's going to be -- especially on the memory side, you'll start to see CSBG revenues improve likely long before you start to see us talk about much higher WFE. And that's because customers will start to bring those tools back online, and you'll see CSBG revenues increasing. You'll then also see customers start to do some of the technology upgrades that they've been kind of holding off on doing in the installed base that will also show up in our CSBG revenue. And then finally, we will ultimately see increases in WFE for capacity additions. And so, I think that's where we'll see continuous improvement in CSBG. We're not going to cure a time frame on it, but it is it is causing us to be a bit low now. And I think we'll get back to that point when we say CSBG is a business we think grows kind of year-on-year, just not this year with utilization cuts.
Joe Moore: Great. And then sometimes of the Reliant as a release qualitatively, how much of the business is from Reliant now?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Joe, I'll chime in on that one. I think I heard saying last quarter that the two biggest components of CSBG are now Spares and Reliant, and that continues to be true in the most recently reported quarter. Reliant is doing extremely well with the more mature specialty note investments that we've been talking about. So that's benefiting and the utilization stuff that Tim talked about is a little bit of a headwind for Spares. So -- but they're still the two largest components to CSBG.
Operator: And the next question will come from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Your North American business again drove strong growth, right? Part of it is your share gains. But how much of the growth is simply -- you've got the one big U.S. customer that wasn't contributing to WFE intensity for six years because they were stuck on one node, but now they're back on track, right, trying to drive five node migrations in four years, so strongly contributing to foundry and logic, WFE intensity. How much of the growth is share gains versus just this customer back driving WFE intensity.
Tim Archer: Yes. Harlan, I think we're seeing -- we're obviously seeing a combination of both. I mean share gains, and it's not isolated to any one customer when I dedicated a lot of my prepared remarks to was the progress we're making, expanding our SAM and our product portfolio primarily focused on foundry logic. We recognize and we've said that this is an area that we've been under-indexed, which means that it's an area of significant growth opportunity for the Company. And you see just a number of new products we've introduced whether it'd be through the EUV inflection or it's the gate-all-around inflection. And so it's SAM expansion driving our growth, and it's also share gains within that expanded SAM. And it's across all foundry and logic customers had some element of both.
Harlan Sur: I appreciate that. And then, Tim, you also mentioned in your prepared remarks -- I'm sorry, I missed some of that, but you announced some new wins with your dry photoresists process module system solution. Can you just talk more about that? And when do you expect customer adoption curve to start to drive some meaningful revenues for the team here.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, yes, what I announced -- sorry, if you missed it, was the last year, we had announced on memory customer who adopted some elements of dry resist this technology solution. In March, a second memory customer did as well. And then more recently, a large foundry logic customer has chosen to adopt the resist deposition drive development as well as the underlayer processes. And -- so those are -- that's a really nice expansion across both memory, which is obviously DRAM using EUV, memory and foundry logic. And I think it sets us up well for continued momentum. Customers, look, everybody knows that EUV adoption is growing. And as I commented, it's becoming more challenging as people look for better productivity. They look for better technology capability within the resist. And I think that these are trends that are setting up well for us. I mentioned we'll be revenuing some tools starting this year, so that's a very nice milestone for us. And then I just would point you back, we have sized this at approximately $1.5 billion in revenue over a five-year time frame. And I think as adoption continues to grow the size of the subrogate and continue to grow for Lam.
Operator: And the next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: The first on just the memory market, is second half better or worse than the first half for you in terms of your memory shipments? I'm just trying to gauge whether June is also kind of a bottom for memory? Or is there more to fall on the memory side? And I think related to it, one of your customers have said that for them, their WFE and memory could be down even in the next fiscal year. And I know it's a fiscal and not a calendar year view. But do you think that's an industry-wide view or just in terms of how customers are thinking about 24 WFE on the memory side. So, just kind of a near and longer term memory questions.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Vivek, I don't want to get into which segment is doing what in the first or second half. I mean memory is at a pretty low level right now. And we did say in the prepared remarks, June is even lower than March, and March was at a 10-year low in terms of our shipment and revenue anyway into that space. Hard to see a whole lot lower than we're seeing right now. I don't want to get into the parsing the little bit of growth in the second half where it comes from, but memory is at a pretty low point right now, I would say.
Vivek Arya: And on the 24 WFE, again, not trying to get a 24 view specifically, but I think one of your customers has been public about reducing memory WFE even in their fiscal '24. Do you think that's a customer-specific view? Or is that an industry-wide view that Memory WFE could stay under pressure next year? Or is it too early to make that assertion?
Tim Archer: Yes. I guess I could say that in 2022, you might recall, we gave you the 2023 outlook about a quarter early.
Tim Archer: I think three quarters early might be a little early for '24. So I don't think we're going to give WFE for '24. But what I'd point to is that, as I just said, you look at from we signaled last -- in the September quarter call, the $23 million would be down in WFE. I think we wanted the first to do so is because we saw this decline in memory, we're already -- our revenue from December 22 to the June guide we just gave down 40%. So we're well into this cycle. And just as I laid out, I think we're going to see as we move through the remainder of this year and into next year, utilizations eventually come back, technology conversion start to occur. And then finally, WFE starts to tick back up. The great thing about the cost cuts that Doug talked about is we put ourselves in a position that we don't feel we have to be able to call the exact quarter when that's going to happen. But we think we're well into it and operating the Company well at these levels and with some upside to come.
Vivek Arya: Right. And just a quick follow-up, Doug, maybe one for you. On the OpEx side, is this sort of reflecting all the OpEx actions? Or do you think that in September or December, OpEx could decline further. I mean that the last time you guys were at this OpEx level you were able to report revenues that were significantly higher. So kind of just two parts. Is this kind of the bottom in OpEx? And then should we see a lot more leverage, right, as the end markets start to grow?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek. I think the majority of the cost actions we've taken, certainly, I talked about $99 million of non-related severance. That's largely complete. So I think a lot of it is already kind of in the run rate. Certainly, if you look at where we're at in June, it's down again quite a good amount.
Tim Archer: So Vivek, I'd also just add to that. I spent a lot of time talking about the work we're doing to broaden our product portfolio and expand really Lam strength beyond memory into some of the fast-growing inflections that are occurring elsewhere. I think this quarter was nearly 70% of our OpEx spend in R&D. And so we're absolutely committed to supporting technology road maps to grow this company. And so we're watching that. Obviously, if we see further deterioration, I think you can count on us to manage this business prudently. But at this point, we want to also be prepared for when the market does come back, and we know it will come back that we are prepared to support our customers with the engineering capabilities and the new products and all the technologies that they're going to want to buy at that time. So we're really working that balance and that's what you see in our spending levels right now.
Operator: And moving on to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: For the first one, I want to go back to these new customers that are in the deferred balance. I guess, are they all Chinese. And can you give us a view of which end markets that additional deferred revenue is in it? Like is it all foundry and not memory? Because I know you got one of the big Chinese memory places on the entity list. I'm assuming you're not able to sell anything to them. So just a little bit of color on is it -- is all Chinese are not and what are the end markets that are actually driving it?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, the end markets are primarily foundry and logic, the mature nodes, Andre and logic. And I will acknowledge it's got a decent Chinese footprint to it.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Got it. And so I guess you've got this -- I guess it's $500 million, right, because I mean, the deferred is like $2 billion in you said the $500 million reduction that you expected to be there before is actually there, and this was offsetting so I guess about $500 million. Is this coming back in the back half and this China revenue shipping? I'm trying to get -- are they the same things? Is the incremental China revenue that you've got like because you can ship more because of the sanctions? Is that the same as the incremental balances in the deferred? And as that kind of adds to the back half are those things -- I just want to make sure I'm not double counting anything.
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, there's a very large overlap is what I would say. And I said the majority of that cash and advance payment will revenue in the second half. I didn't say all. I said the majority. And then the other thing I said a moment ago, the incremental clarification we got from China was a few hundred million dollars. So you got to think through where I left.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay. That's super helpful. Maybe if I could squeeze in just one more really quick. I know you said memory is down again sequentially, but there can't be very much memory in there at all, right? I mean, if you're guiding 31 I mean -- I mean your foundry plus logic in this quarter was almost 1.6%. And so if that was you can't be guiding equipment revenues much different than that. I mean, are we just literally taking memory kind of scraping the bottom of the barrel in June quarter at this point? I mean I know we don't know how long it stays there, but presumably it can't get much lower than it's going to be in June.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, I told you in March, it was at a decade long low point for us, and it's down again in June. It's -- frankly, my personal thing, it's hard to see down much more than we're describing in June, frankly. It's at a very low level.
Tim Archer: I'd just add. I mean my comment, Stacy, I was just going to add that the fact that in many cases, the -- we see customers even delaying technology upgrades in order to, one, not necessarily make the investment, but also not add further bits into the market. That's a pretty rare case. I mean technology investments usually proceed because that's the path to lower cost and better capabilities. So I would agree if that's come out. It feels like we're about its lowest -- and that may be coming below maintenance levels I think here. So that's our view on memory.
Operator: And the next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: As a follow-up to the last question, I'm curious how you're thinking about normalized levels of spending across the memory industry. When we look at your business, I think you did close to $7 billion in memory systems revenue in calendar. And given how things are going now, I don't know, maybe roughly $3 billion, this may be a little bit below that. Assuming, hypothetically, if you're customers are done shipping out of inventory exiting this year and DRAM bits are growing kind of in the mid-teens and NAND bits are growing kind of in the mid-20s. How significant how big would your memory business be in that sort of state? Is it kind of the midpoint between $7 billion and $3 billion? Or is it higher? How should we think about that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And I'll give it a quick response. It's hard for me to envision it being lower than it is this year. I mean, it's down 50% memory in total, right, Tim. I think had that in the scripted remarks. That's done a lot. I can't ever remember it being down that much on a year-over-year basis. You might say, hey, last year might have been a little too high or somewhat too high? Probably to -- it's -- I'm not going to get into a precise number, but it's certainly higher than it is this year, maybe not the size it was last year, though.
Toshiya Hari: I appreciate that. As my follow-up, Doug, just on gross margins, I appreciate the calendar year-end target of 45%. Curious, how you're thinking about gross margins beyond that. A couple of years ago, you guys were doing 47, some quarters close to 4 million you're introducing pretty differentiated product between EUV patterning and drive it. And I know those are pretty small businesses still. But you're putting out these products. You've got Malaysia, which hopefully with the recovery continues to ramp. Is there a path to, call it, 47-ish percent in calendar '24? Or are there headwinds that we should be aware of?
Tim Archer: Let me take a shot and Doug can clean up as needed. I think the question about gross margin. We're not backing off on the financial models we put out in the past. And as you pointed out, we were getting big close to operating there while Malaysia was still a headwind. And so obviously, it will require a combination of some increased volumes. We've done a tremendous work to transfer a lot of our volume into lower-cost regions, really get a much more efficient supply chain. The COVID period was a real setback as you, again, sourced and grew in every possible location. But I think over the next period of time. And I hate to put a time frame on it again, to give a 24 outlook. But if we exit this year with the incremental improvement of 100 basis points, as Doug talked about or more and we have further volume and contribution coming through our new Asia facilities. I think that will drive right back towards those goals that we set back in 2020, which was in kind of that 47%, 48% gross margin range.
Operator: And the next question will come from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Similar to the last question on gross margins, Doug, can you help us understand by the end of the year, what percentage of your manufacturing will be in Malaysia and what are the steps you're taking in terms of asset optimization?
Doug Bettinger: I'm not going to put a number on it Atif growth when it resumes, whenever that is, and we know it will resume, likely will pivot a little bit to that factory. We've said in the past, it will ultimately be the largest factory in the network. That is still absolutely the case. So that's part of what Tim just described getting back to the financial model is we'll just have a more efficient manufacturing footprint.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then generative AI is a topical topic these days. Are there products in your portfolio on high bandwidth memory or packaging side that you're seeing outside growth? Or is it roughly in line with your lodging exposure?
Tim Archer: Well, I would say we haven't seen outsized growth. I think that I could attribute directly to generate AI at this point. But clearly, Lam has been a strong player in advanced packaging. And we continue to make investments in that area to expand our product portfolio and not only on a wafer basis, but also different formats as well to make sure we're prepared for whatever the future might be in advance packaging.
Operator: And we have a question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: I want to ask on leading-edge foundry. Clearly, you're seeing strength in the trailing edge. You've heard reports about maybe TSMC cutting, definitely, utilizations are quite low at the leading edge. So maybe just comment on what you're seeing from your leading-edge foundry customers.
Tim Archer: Yes, I don't think we're going to comment about any specific customers, but I did make the comment that we see incremental weakness, I said, primarily from memory. And then I said we saw incremental strength in mature nodes. So obviously, primarily from memory, implies there's additional weakness elsewhere. So, I think leading edge foundry is a bit weaker. Obviously, our exposure and our insight into that market is a little bit less than it is in memory, but we are seeing some weakness there as well.
Blayne Curtis: It's a perfect lead in. I guess I'm just trying to understand the second half comment. If memory players are kind of talking about second half spending being near zero, so I guess it could go lower. And I think prior question said kind of down 24, we'll see. But if foundry logic is just starting the correction that memory just saw, I mean, I guess, could you still be up if it's just trailing edge? I'm trying to understand those moving pieces.
Tim Archer: Well, obviously, it's -- this is where we get a little bit stuck around the challenge of trying to forecast WFE for the industry. Obviously, we don't have product insight into every element of WFE, including tool lead times and demand in different markets. So we try to give you our best view. But I think if you sort of translate this to what really matters to us in running the Company, we've talked about the fact that we see -- assuming -- we see at some point memory coming back in terms of utilization starting to tick up at some point, but that's in the second half or it's fun four, we'll see. Technology conversions in memory will be extremely good for Lam from the standpoint of how much we capture of every dollar of spending on technology conversions. We talked about strength in mature node logic foundry, where Doug talked about these advanced payments, and we also talked about some trailing-edge shipments to China that we can now make after clarification of the rules. So all those things kind of contribute to how we think about Lam in second half. Then we try to translate that to an industry WFE, but I don't think we can spend a lot of time trying to dissect all of that low to mid $70 billion for you with great accuracy.
Operator: And we have a question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: First question is, can you give us an update on your expectations of revenue performance for the CSBG group? I think you previously said it will be down somewhat, but there seems to be some moving parts here with memory utilization lower, but China revenue being less restricted. Just want to get some color would be great.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Sidney. I think what I said last quarter, and I'll reiterate the same thing. We expect CSBG will be down a little bit this year, but obviously, a lot more resilient than overall WFE. No new statement relative to that outlook.
Sidney Ho: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe another question on the -- just thinking about the recovery in memory spending. Is the utilization level, the first thing you guys monitor ahead of the CapEx recovery? And how much of a lag do you expect memory CapEx to recover once utilization starts to improve?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, maybe I'll come and then Tim, feel for to add on. Normally, the way this works, Sydney, the first thing I'd say is I cannot remember utilization being as low as it is right now. Usually, the fabs keep running, right, and other stuff gets adjusted. But right now, utilization is obviously down. The first thing the industry would do to get output growing again will be to move that utilization back up. That will benefit our spares business and probably a little bit of the upgrades, maybe a little bit. The next thing they will do is convert the installed base, which when that happens, the industry gets fairly cost-efficient output, and we get a disproportionate amount of that spending when it's in Memory, obviously because we tend to be the bottleneck tools. We get that upgrade business first, and then WFE comes back. So you got to think of that progression showing up in that order. We will benefit first in CSBG before you'll see it in WFE.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think it's difficult to put a time frame between -- I think what you're asking is when it starts to when you start to see WFE investments. I think that depends on the shape of that recovery, which, again, we are confident that we'll be probably the first and greatest beneficiary of recovery. And we'll see what the shape of the recovery looks like once we have a better in demand.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: We'll take that question from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Just a quick question on the China side. I know you mentioned China revenues were 22%. But it looks like there are some U.S. restrictions. As you look out, do you expect that segment exposure to go down or stay flat? Or if you can give some color to the puts and takes as to how you're approaching that?
Doug Bettinger: I think it's probably down a little bit in the June quarter from a percentage standpoint, although don't hold me to that. We don't always get that exactly right, but I think it's probably down a little bit in June.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And on the Memory side, I know you mentioned spending is a 10-year low, probably comes in a little bit again in June. But in terms of where you see the bounds coming, do you think that's driven more by technology transition or capacity adds? How do you see that? Because I think broadly, memory OEMs are still hemorrhaging cash, I believe, but just wondering how you see that bounce?
Tim Archer: Yes. I think as we've described, clearly, technology conversions occur first since that's the most capital efficient way for customers to not only add some additional bids but also to get better cost structure. So clearly, capital -- technology additions will come before capacity additions.
Doug Bettinger: So operator, I think that concludes our time here. We can wrap the call up.
Operator: Well, thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research December 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia, Corporate VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our overview on the business environment and we will review our financial results for the December 2022 quarter and our outlook for the March 2023 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website, along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina and Happy New Year to all that are joining us today. Lam ended 2022 on a strong note. We posted record revenues and earnings per share for both the December quarter and the calendar year. Systems revenue growth in our Foundry Logic segment exceeded foundry logic wafer fabrication equipment growth, demonstrating our continued progress launching new tools and winning applications in that space. In our installed base business, our CSBG revenues expanded faster than the growth in installed base units. We also generated more than $3.5 billion in cash from operations and returned over 100% of free cash flow to stockholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. Overall, Lam executed well in 2022. We delivered solid results in an environment of acute supply chain constraints and strong inflationary pressures. Still, there are elements of our performance where we recognize the opportunity for additional focus, and with the pressures of the COVID pandemic and the global chip shortage of abating, our attention this year is on the actions needed to hit our long-term growth and profitability objectives we laid out in March 2020. Beginning early in the COVID pandemic, Lam and others throughout the supply chain quickly ramped investments in infrastructure and resources to meet unprecedented demand driven by remote work trends and the accelerated digitization of the global economy. As seen in our results today, these investments have enabled Lam to achieve revenues of greater than $5 billion per quarter, approximately 70% higher than what we saw in the last up-cycle. As we look forward into 2023, however, we see a substantially weaker demand environment and the corresponding need to make prudent changes to our near-term operations and priorities. Customers across all segments are exercising caution, especially those in the memory markets. Inventory levels in both NAND and DRAM remain very high, and customers are not only reducing new capacity additions, but also lowering fab utilization levels to bring excess inventory into balance as quickly as possible. In addition, the U.S. governments new restrictions on sales of equipment, parts and services for specific technologies and customers in China are further impacting equipment demand in a declining market. In 2022, WFE spending ended the year in the mid-$90 billion range, slightly higher than our prior view due to easing supply chain constraints. As we indicated in our last earnings call, we expect calendar year 2023 WFE to be in the mid-$70 billion range. Given the decreased business levels expected this year, we have made the difficult decision to reduce our overall workforce by approximately 1,300 employees by the end of the March quarter, about 7% of our global employee base. While the reductions are broad-based across the company, we have taken special care to preserve, and in some cases, increase our investments in the critical R&D efforts which I believe are key to Lams long-term growth and competitiveness. Despite reductions in overall company spending, we expect R&D as a percentage of operating expenses in 2023 to increase compared to 2022. We will also be taking specific actions to transform our business processes and enterprise systems to ensure that with stronger WFE spending returns, the company is well-positioned to scale quickly and efficiently across our global infrastructure. These actions will contribute 100 basis points of improvement to our gross margin from March quarter levels as we exit calendar year 2023 and we expect the operating margin benefit to be slightly higher than that. Over the past few years, we have been executing on a set of strategies that we believe strengthen our ability to capitalize on the robust secular demand trends we see ahead in our business. In just the past 2 years, we have opened a state-of-the-art engineering center in India, brought online a new technology development center in Korea, and ramped our new manufacturing operation in Malaysia. These strategic investments place critical Lam capabilities closer to customers and ecosystem partners, a benefit for stronger collaborations, greater scalability and increased resilience, all of which would be of greater importance as we see more than 50 new fabs being built over the next few years globally. They also provide wider access to talent critical to supporting Lams growth longer term. We have also been drawing on learnings from our rapidly growing installed base to support our customers manufacturing roadmaps. Our installed base of approximately 84,000 chambers is more than 30% larger than in the prior down cycle. A solid installed base business not only provides a platform for stable revenue growth long-term, but also delivers data and learnings that are key to an efficient product innovation process. At this scale, there is a tremendous opportunity to extract value for our customers and for Lam. The data we generate from our installed base helps drive fab productivity improvements and the capabilities of our equipment intelligence products are helping us migrate from standard service offerings, like engineer onsite labor, to more comprehensive results based contracts and predictive smart solutions. The number of chambers [Technical Difficulty] in 2022 with another strong growth year expected in 2023. We have been strategically focused on technology inflections, notably in foundry logic devices, with the goal of broadening Lams positioning in a market segment where we have been under-indexed. In 2022, we continued to make progress. We have doubled our conductor Etch share node to node at a leading Foundry Logic customer through the success of our Kiyo product, which uses equipment intelligence to deliver best-in-class uniformity and improved yield. In the selective Etch business, our recently released Argos, Prevos and Selis tools, are gaining increasing traction. Our Argos product is in roughly 20 applications and a leading foundry logic customer, and in adjacent selective applications at another customer, our Prevos and Selis tools, our production tool of record for gate-all-around applications. Continued scaling of foundry logic devices from existing nodes is expected to increase etch and deposition intensity around 25% to 30%, thus creating tremendous opportunity for us to gain share through new innovations for future devices. Lastly, we have continued to make both organic and inorganic investments to expand our market. Lams innovative dry-resist fabrication technology has on development tool of record positions at multiple customers for key steps in the patterning process and we are actively engaged with customers across both the Memory and Foundry Logic segments. We expect to announce more on this in 2023. In Advanced Packaging, our recent acquisition of SEMSYSCO, we have expanded our capabilities within the leading-edge logic and chiplet segments. We are rapidly integrating SEMSYSCO technology with Lams market-leading capabilities in cleaning and wet processing and we have already achieved a key win in this area. Customers view advanced packaging solutions in both wafer and substrate formats as critical to enabling future high-performance computing and AI applications and Lam is well positioned to benefit from this trend. So to wrap up, 2022 presented many challenges. With our teams focus and strong execution, we were able to meet our customers needs, deliver record revenues and expand our product and technology portfolio. This coming year represents a reset in the market and in our business, but its also an opportunity for us to make the changes needed to accelerate our strategic priorities. I am confident that by taking the difficult actions we have announced today, we are putting Lam in a stronger position to capitalize when industry spending growth returns. With that, I will pass it on to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call today during what I know is a busy earnings season. We had a record financial year in calendar 2022. And revenue came in at $19 billion and we delivered an all-time high for earnings per share of $37.31, which was a 15% growth in earnings per share over calendar year 21. Overall, I am pleased with the operational performance we achieved this past year delivered while navigating a challenging business environment with global supply chain constraints, significant inflationary headwinds and fluid regulatory restrictions. Lam also achieved record levels of performance in the December quarter across multiple metrics, including revenue, operating income dollars and earnings per share. Revenue for the December quarter was $5.28 billion, an increase of just over 4% from the prior quarter. We delivered higher levels of system sales in deposition and etch offset somewhat by a decrease in CSBG revenue. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $2 billion, a decline of $770 million from the September quarter. Supply chain constraints have improved and we were able to fill shipments of many critical parts thats required for revenue recognition. Our expectations are that the deferred revenue balance will continue to decrease in the March quarter as we fully complete shipments related to outstanding backordered systems. The deferred revenue balance decrease I just spoke about was partially offset by some increases in deferred due to customer cash and advanced deposits, which I also noted last quarter. As we sit here today, I expect to have some level of these type of deposits in the deferred balance throughout calendar 2023, keeping deferred revenue at somewhat higher levels than we have historically seen. I anticipate that the deferred revenue from backorders will be at a normalized level as we exit the March quarter. Lets turn to the revenue segment details for the December quarter. Memory represented 50% of systems revenue, which is slightly down from the prior quarter level of 52%. Included in memory, the NAND segment represented 39% of our systems revenue, flat with the September quarter. The spending was primarily focused on 192-layer and above class devices. The DRAM segment concentration decreased sequentially from the prior quarter, coming in at 11% of systems revenue compared to 13% in the September quarter. The DRAM investments were mainly targeted towards 1z and 1-alpha nodes. I expect that we will see both NAND and DRAM revenue decline meaningfully in the March quarter. For calendar 2023, I expect NAND spending to decline more than DRAM. We continue to see strength in the Foundry segment with the December quarter concentration comprising 31% of our systems revenues. While this percentage is a little bit lower than September quarter level of 34%, the dollar amount was flat with a mix of investments in both leading and mature node devices. The Logic and Other segment revenue came in at a high watermark for the company, contributed 19% of systems revenue in the December quarter compared with 14% in the prior quarter. Investments were focused on microprocessor, image sensor and advanced packaging technologies. Lam had strong momentum in Logic and Other throughout calendar 2022. I expect we will continue to perform well in this segment. Id mention that this was a record revenue level for us in microprocessor related revenue. We have been talking about momentum here for a while and its clearly showing up. With respect to the regional composition of our total revenue, the China region was 24% of the total, down from the prior quarter level of 30%. This reduction was due to the U.S. government sales restrictions for certain domestic customers which were put in place in early October of 2022. Rounding up the top region of revenue locations, Korea comprised 20% of total revenue, up from 17% in the prior quarter and Taiwan decreased to a concentration of 19% compared to 22% in the September quarter. The Customer Support Business Group results in the quarter were approximately $1.7 billion, which was down 9% from the September quarter, though it was 16% higher than the December quarter of calendar 2021. As I have noted in the past, CSBG revenues will fluctuate on a quarterly basis. And in the December quarter, we experienced declines in the CSBG product lines with reductions in utilizations and system spending. Going into calendar 2023, we have the impact of China regulatory work restrictions in addition to memory spending at well below historic levels and elevated customer device inventory. These factors are resulting in customers having underutilized factories and taking actions to manage their supply levels in 2023, negatively impacting our spares and services business. While we continue to believe the mature node segment will perform better than overall WFE spending, we are in an unprecedented business environment and expect the CSBG business could be down somewhat in calendar year 2023. Let me now pivot to our gross margin performance. The September quarter came in at 45.1% over the midpoint of the guided range, but down from September quarters gross margin of about 46%. The decrease from the September quarter was tied to customer and product mix. With the decline in business volumes in March 2023 quarter, we expect lower factory and field utilizations to unfavorably impact our gross margin on a sequential basis. Operating expenses were $686 million in the December quarter, up 6% from the prior quarter amount of $647 million. The higher spending was mainly in R&D projects, which comprised nearly 67% of our total spending. Supporting our customers roadmap continues to be a top priority for us while we focus on managing other areas of discretionary spending within the company. December quarter operating margin was 32.1% over the midpoint of guidance due to the higher level of revenue and gross margin. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 11.9%, in line with expectations. Looking into calendar 2023, we believe the tax rate will be in the low to mid-teens with some fluctuations quarter-by-quarter. This rate estimate does not include any impacts from potential U.S. or global tax policy changes. Other income and expense came in for the quarter at $38 million of expense, approximately $9 million higher from the prior quarter, mainly due to negative foreign exchange fluctuations which was somewhat offset by higher interest income because of increasing returns on our cash and investments. OI&E will continue to be subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility quarter-by-quarter. On the capital return side in the December quarter, we allocated approximately $483 million to open market share repurchases. Additionally, we paid $236 million in dividends in the quarter. For the 2022 calendar year, we returned 119% of our free cash flow, totaling $3.5 billion which was somewhat higher than our long-term capital return plans of 75% to 100%. December quarter diluted earnings per share, was $10.71, which was at the high-end of our guidance range. Diluted share count was 136 million shares, which was lower than the September quarter and in line with our December quarter expectations. During 2022, we lowered share count by nearly 6 million shares through our share buyback program. Now moving to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, were up to $4.8 billion versus the prior quarter level of $4.6 billion. Operating cash flow of $1.1 billion in the December quarter was offset by cash allocated to share repurchases, dividend payments and capital expenditures. Inventory turns were 2.4x. Days sales outstanding were 70 days, a decrease from maybe 2 days in the September quarter due to strong collections and improved linearity within the quarter. I would point out that we expect 2023 to be a strong cash-generating year as working capital comes down with lower business levels. Our non-cash expenses for the December quarter included approximately $73 million for equity compensation, $73 million in depreciation and $12 million in amortization. Capital expenditures for the December quarter were $163 million, a slight increase over the September quarter spending of approximately $140 million. The expenditures were in R&D and manufacturing, including our Korea Technology Center and our Malaysia factory. We ended the quarter with approximately 19,200 regular full-time employees, which was an increase of approximately 500 people from the prior quarter. Our growth was in the factory and field to support the manufacturing as well as installation of tools at our customers fabs. Also included in this headcount growth were 150 employees from the SEMSYSCO acquisition that was completed in the December quarter. As you heard from Tim and saw in our earnings release, we will be reducing our regular full-time headcount by approximately 1,300 employees. We expect these reductions to be largely reflected in our June quarter ending headcount. In addition to the full-time reductions, we expect to be lowering our temporary workforce by approximately 700 people in the March quarter. Weve already adjusted our temporary workforce down by 700 people in the December quarter. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the March 2023 quarter. Were expecting revenue of $3.8 billion, plus or minus $300 million. Ill also just mention that we currently think revenue will be somewhat first half weighted this year as we consume the reduction in deferred revenue in the March quarter. Gross margin of 44%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. The decrease in this is the result of lower business volumes. Operating margin of 27.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $6.50 plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 135 million shares. We will be taking a charge of approximately $80 million in the March quarter from headcount reduction. Including this impact, and the other near-term actions that Tim spoke about, we are anticipating a total of $150 million to $250 million in charges to be incurred over the next 12 months. In addition to headcount, we anticipate potential charges from facilities restructuring, business realignment and transformation and product rationalization. On top of the cost savings activities, we are driving a greater focus from our senior leadership team through inclusion of additional profitability metrics in our annual incentive compensation structure. Currently, were at low volumes given the business environment. These initiatives will structurally improve our profitability. As Tim already laid out, we expect gross margin to be higher by roughly 1 percentage point and to expand operating margins by a little more than that as we exit the calendar year and complete these activities. Over many years in cycles, Lam has established a proven track record of successfully managing this business. With the actions we plan to execute throughout the year, we expect to strengthen our operations and technology leadership and further enhance our profitability profile with the companys returning growth. When business improves, and we know it will, Lam will be a stronger, better positioned, more efficient company. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. We would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Given the 20% pullback in WFE spend this year, significant memory spending pulled back within that, does the team still believe that the memory mix and spending expansion in memory will accelerate exiting this year? Whats your view? And then whats your view on the supply-demand environment in memory and normalization of excess inventories in the industry?
Tim Archer: Yes. Harlan, Ill start on that one. I think that the memory market and our market in general is difficult to predict from a timing perspective. So when you try to put a ending the year kind of time on it, its hard. But as Doug laid out, there is a couple of points. I mean, one, weve seen extraordinary measures within the memory market in terms of reductions, not only in spending but also cuts and fab utilization, and in some cases, even delays of technology investments. I think these are somewhat unprecedented in terms of trying to bring this market into balance. We also see memory as a percent of the total WFE mix thats at levels that we havent seen in 25 years. And so I guess what we walk away with is a lot of confidence that memory spending will accelerate, but were not at this point ready to put an exact time frame on that. A lot of the actions that we talked about that were taking in the company are to ensure that in the next up cycle, will actually be far more nimble to respond to changes in demand than we were when we were impacted by the ramp that came around the COVID pandemic. So thats really where were spending a lot of our time thinking about, less on timing but more about how is the company going to be prepared to respond to that ramp in memory spending, when it inevitably comes, and how do we ensure we can do that in the most efficient and profitable way possible.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. And then on the impact from China regulatory and export controls, YMTC was formally put on the entities list in mid-December. Did this move change your prior view of a $2 billion, $2.5 billion impact to revenues this calendar year due to the China restrictions?
Tim Archer: No. When we put out the $2 billion, $2.5 billion fundamentally comprehended an inability to ship to the customers that at that point were operating at the technologies that were restricted by China, so it didnt change it. I would say today, our view is still in that $2 billion to $2.5 billion range impact.
Doug Bettinger: No change at all, Harlan.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I guess I wanted to ask about the deferred. And if you draw it down to sort of normal levels in March, it implies shipments that are kind of well below the revenue level. I guess with CSBG running at close to $1.7 billion, it doesnt seem like the June quarter could fall that much. But can you just kind of give us a little bit more clarity on what it means that youre drawing down that much deferred in March?
Doug Bettinger: It just means there is no more left at the end of the March quarter, Joe. I dont really have any more than that to tell you. And yes, shipments are lower than that revenue number as we get the deferred kind of back to, what I would describe as, normalized level from a back-order standpoint.
Joe Moore: Okay. And I think youve described normal in the past as being around $700 million, and you said it would be a little higher than that? Is that the right math?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thats right, Joe. What I see happening right now is weve got, I call them customer cash and advanced deposits, which we havent yet shipped the tools. And I think as we go through 23, its going to stay at a slightly higher level from that category than its been in the past. So I think its a little bit higher, somewhat higher than that number that you just mentioned.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: We will take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. Doug, I had two questions. First of all, is sort of on Joes question that you just asked. And it sort of is the profile, not in your revenue, but more in your system shipments through the rest of the year. You said slightly first half loaded from a revenue perspective, but I would assume that your system shipments are going to be  like March is probably the bottom and it sort of like flattens off from there. Is that fair?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thats fair, Tim. I think maybe Ill answer a slightly different question. When I think about WFE in the mid-70s that Tim described, I think its fairly balanced through the year. Revenue somewhat first half weighted because were drawing down that deferred revenue balance. So I just wanted to point that out, which is why I scripted it that way.
Timothy Arcuri: Perfect, Doug. Thanks. And then just on that point, you guys are usually 13%, 14% of WFE and your system shipments in March would imply that WFE is sort of 16% to 17% in March. So thats more like mid-60s versus the mid-70s number for the year. So is the answer that litho was making up the difference because, obviously, all of us heard ASML today and systems are up 20% plus this year. So is the story this year really that youre going to get to mid-70s predominantly because youre adding an extra xxx billion is of litho year-over-year. Is that the math? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, I think thats part of it. When I look at WFE down more than 20% this year, memory is down a good deal more than that. Foundry Logic, a lot less. Litho is a heavier percent of the Foundry Logic spend. And I want to specifically point out the biggest decrease from a segment standpoint is in NAND, which, as you guys all know on this call, is our strongest segment and that is etch and deposition at Lam. So thats kind of important to understand, I think, and why I specifically pointed to that as I went through the commentary.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: We will take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, I was hoping you could provide perhaps a little more granularity on the restructuring. You talked 100 bps gross margin and a little bit more than that. Is there any way to kind of give a sense of how we should see that play out throughout calendar 23? And what kind of leverage should we see specifically on the OpEx side?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. There is some in OpEx, Tim. Obviously, were taking reductions in every spending category. So youll see everywhere. Thats why Tim and I said operating margin would be more than the improvement in gross margin.
C.J. Muse: Is there any way to quantify what that might look like?
Doug Bettinger: Thats all were going to give you right now, C.J. I mean the other thing you can back into, obviously, is the implied spending guide in the March quarter comprehends some of this headcount activity that were describing. So thats  youre seeing some of it in the March quarter, I think, if you go  decompose the guidance.
C.J. Muse: Okay. Great. I guess a follow-up question. As you think about the moving parts for CSBG, obviously, youve got a year-over-year China headwind, you talked about Reliant. I guess, how do you see the rest of that core business? Does that core business grow? And is there a way to maybe perhaps rank order whats doing well and then whats doing worse?
Tim Archer: Yes, C.J., let me take that. Just to remind people, four segments in CSBG spare, service, upgrades and Reliant. And so I think kind of in terms of your impact really, if you think China impacted both spares and service, it made it impossible for us to provide spares and service to customers that previously had a pretty sizable chunk of tools in their installed base. So impact on both of those product lines from China. Those same two product lines impacted by memory customers cuts in utilization. So youve seen and heard from our customers talking about the number of tools they have taken offline in their DRAM and main fabs. Obviously, if youre not running the tools, you dont need spares and you dont need service, so again, those same two product lines impacted by those changes. The Reliant business, obviously, just in that trailing edge Foundry Logic, I would say, were pretty comfortable with that business that we see continued strength there, maybe not enough obviously to offset the other the other two impacts, and thats why I do said. Were in a little bit of extraordinary times and that we would have previously thought that, that business couldnt go down, but the combination of both China plus utilization hit those two product lines harder. Now we know that as customers begin to spend again, the first thing to do is to bring the tools that they already have in their installed base back online. And so we would expect that the spares and service business that was impacted by utilization cuts to recover quickly and we could immediately service that as soon as the business starts to improve.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: We will take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. First one, either for Tim or Doug and thanks for the color on calendar 23 WFE and I understand its too early to talk about 24. But if you look at some of your memory customers, they have publicly spoken about taking the utilization rates down. So could there be a scenario where next year, they could improve the utilization rates, improve wafer and bit output without necessarily adding WFE? Or do you think on a quarterly basis, WFE bottom sometime this year, and next year, hopefully, is a better year? And I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Yes. Okay. Ill start and let Doug add I think that, obviously, there have been utilization cuts. I mean I think right now, if you look  at least by our estimate and listening to what our customers say, were at very low levels of supply growth this year as a result of the lack of additions and utilization cuts, so I dont think you could quite get to the scenario youre talking about where you just bring utilization  unutilized tools back online. There is a second factor though, which is, remember, I mean, customers make investments also to move their technology forward. And thats a pretty substantial portion of why WFE gets spent, not often just about capacity addition. And so I think that customers are going to only go so long before you have to invest in the technology to move to that next node and gain the efficiencies that you do there. So I think that, of course, we will work with our customers to bring tools back online and get utilization work on productivity, but I think therell be  I think spending will return at some point.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thanks for that, Tim. And then a quick follow-up for Doug. I just  thanks for the color on the back-half revenue as first half. How do you think about gross margin, given the fact that the top line is decelerating youre also ramping up Malaysia, China seems to be a mixed bag. So Im just kind of wondering how to think about gross margins or how to think about where they could potentially draw. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Chris, I hope were kind of bouncing along the bottom right now. I cant guarantee that, but specifically, what we try to describe both Tim and I, is that with these actions were taking, we believe there is upward momentum to gross margin as we exit the year. Were trying to get kind of capacity right staffing of the capacity rights so that as we exit the year, we think there is a point of gross margin upside, plus or minus where were at.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thanks a lot, Doug. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Krish.
Operator: We will take our next question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one, I just wanted to touch on the deferred again. I just want to make sure I have it right. So youre running $2 billion now. It sounds like you think normalized deferred might be $1 billion. So you got $1 billion thats potentially coming out in March? Is that the right way to sort of think about the underlying demand, like where it is just like $1 billion like short of where we are or short of where the guide is and then going forward
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, I think deferred is going to be higher than that $1 billion because of these cash in advance payments I was referencing. Its not going to go that well, I dont think. And I think its going to stay. I think Ive previously let everybody to believe deferred revenue would be in that high multiple hundred-million-dollar range. I think its decently above $1 billion now because of this other category of stuff I see.
Stacy Rasgon: Its like $1.5 billion? Or can you give us a little more color on that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Its like $1.5 billion.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. Thats helpful, thanks. My follow-up, I just  I do want to ask a little more philosophical question on the workforce reductions. And maybe as it relates to WFE, I mean, like we probably did, I dont know, $40 billion in Memory WFE in 22 and its going to be down a lot in 23. Like, even if it grows in 24, how long does it take to get back to that sort of 22 level, like if ever? And do the cost cuts that youre doing, are they in some sense, a function of how you might view like that long-term sort of steady state WFE for memory versus where were coming off in 22?
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, maybe it combines a little bit maybe the last question we had as well, which is, were making these cuts and taking this action to make the company efficient and profitable at this level of business. And so therefore, were not really looking and saying we need a big increase or rapid increase in business to justify what we keep afterwards. But I did mention the focus that we have on ensuring that as we make cuts and as we reposition, especially the global operations infrastructure, we think about how quickly we can ramp up because we know when memory comes back, it often comes back much faster than people expect. And so I cant tell you when it gets back to these numbers. But what I want to make sure is that when it does return to stronger spending in the memory side, were able to ramp that up and do it efficiently. So we dont have a lot of the profitability headwinds that weve been talking about for the last really 12 to 18 months. And so thats the way I think about it and get the company to the right size now for this level of business. But with the idea that we have, the infrastructure and the business systems available to us and the supply chain infrastructure to ramp more quickly, more efficiently should the market overshoot where our estimate is.
Stacy Rasgon: But why dont you need to cut more than because the cuts only take you back to where headcount was like six months ago, right?
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, I am comfortable at the profitability levels of the business at these revenue levels. We are getting things structured in the right way so that the P&L looks acceptable.
Tim Archer: I think Stacy, not all those heads were added in the volume side of the business as well. And so I talked about  and I think you will see when you look at the P&L, where we are trying to preserve what is strategic spending on the R&D side and the products that we think are important for the future growth of the company and competitiveness of our business. We are still committed, as I have said at the beginning, through our model of gaining market share in both the Memory and the foundry logic side of the business and some of the spending is there as well. So, these are the cuts we think that are appropriate for how we think the business seems to be run through this cycle.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you, guys.
Tim Archer: Thanks Stacy.
Operator: We will go next to Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you so much. I had one clarification and then a follow-up question. On the clarification, last quarter, I think you guys sized the potential impact from China export restrictions to your business in calendar 23 at $2 billion to $2.5 billion, I believe three quarters on the systems side, a quarter in services. Are those numbers still your expectation for calendar 23? Any change there?
Tim Archer: Yes, no change.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then my question probably for Doug in terms of gross margin, last year, you talked about freight and component costs being a headwind and you also talked about pricing as a potential lever to offset some of the headwinds. How should we think about those dynamics as we progress through 23, any progress? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Toshiya, I guess what I describe is in some of the inflationary buckets I have been talking about for over long and talking about it, some of its getting somewhat better. And some of it, I think will get better, but we are not seeing it yet. So, thats in what we have been talking about. And then relative to pricing activity, we continue to work on that. There are some things thats already showing up in the P&L in the March quarter, but we continue to have ongoing conversations with customers about the right level of pricing, and that will continue as we go forward.
Toshiya Hari: And when you talk about the 100 basis point improvement exiting the full year, is that an all-in number, embedding all those factors?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. To the best of our recept as we sit here right now, yes, thats all in of the pluses, the minuses, from business going down and the adjustments we are making in terms of the footprint of the company.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you so much.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks Toshiya.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I am trying to gauge what is kind of your trough quarter of this year conceptually, right? I understand that you dont give exact forecast. But if I go through this deferred revenue math, so lets say another $500 million comes out suggest that your March shipped revenue conceptually is about $3.3 billion. Does that reflect all the China and Memory CapEx cuts so that is sort of pure trough revenue quarter, or do you think there is more to come? So, the trough revenue quarter might be later this year, closer to $3 billion or some other number. I am just trying to conceptually gauge what is the trough quarter for this year, so we can get a sense for what trough earnings power could be.
Doug Bettinger: Toshiya, I guess sorry  Vivek, the best I can do is just say what I have already said. Revenue is somewhat first half weighted, largely because we are pulling the deferred down in March. In March, its pulled down to where its going to be. And so you got to kind of think about that plus the fact that I told you, we think WFE is fairly balanced first half, second half. And I think if you think that through, you will get it pretty close to where it should be.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then second question that I have is, China sales were 24%, I believe of total in December. But could you give us a sense for how much of that was China domestic? And then what do you expect China to be as a percentage of your sales in March and if you have a number roughly for calendar 23?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. In December, trying to remember the number. More than half of it certainly was domestic China. I forget the exact number, Vivek, to be honest with you, but more of it was domestic China. As we go through, China is going to be impacted to the $2 billion to $2.5 billion from the customers we cant ship to. I think  when I think about China WFE, that means China WFE is going to be down somewhat in 23.
Vivek Arya: Okay. So, this $2 billion to $2.5 billion, is that kind of run rate reflected in your March outlook? Thats what I wanted to just get a sense for.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The things that we have kind of lost from that $2 billion to $2.5 billion, there is nothing in the March quarter. So, thats part of the $2 billion to $2.5 billion. There isnt any more reduction from March as we go forward. I am not sure I am making it clear to understand it, but Vivek, there is always timing of different customers spending money. Its not that China is going to be up in China will be up and down as we go through the quarter, I expect. But the impact from the regulations is already fully in effect in the March quarter is what I am trying to describe.
Vivek Arya: Got it. So, basically, Doug, just to kind of nail it down. If I take the March ex deferred $3.3 billion, right, and kind of assume quarterly run rate is at level, thats sort of how the shape of calendar 23 revenue should be, right?
Doug Bettinger: Listen, we only guide revenue one quarter at a time. I will guide June when we get to the next quarter earnings numbers.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Doug, is the equipment demand now below the supply that you can receive from your suppliers?
Tim Archer: Is it below  sorry, is the question about supply chain constraints?
Atif Malik: Right. I mean are they fully removed now and the demand has fallen below the supply line?
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, as we said, we saw a significant improvement in the supply chain constraints in the December quarter, which is partly why we were able to deliver higher than the anticipated revenue. So, I would say that supply chain constraints are easing. There is always  and remain in some parts of the supply chain that are still not fully recovered. But I would say that if you went back and compare where we are today versus 12 months ago, dramatically improved. I think that we will continue to work on that through probably the remainder of this year on those remaining issues.
Atif Malik: Got it. And Tim, in your prepared remarks, you talked about conductor etch market share doubling node-to-node at one logic maker and gate all around, presumably is a big technology inflection that should help you guys. Can you talk about the timing of the production ramp for gate all around? Is it second half, next year story, or is it more like a 2025-year event?
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that  I mean you see customers starting to talk about and announce kind of limited production. Yes, obviously, there is a qualification cycle, probably better for them to talk about their own timing. But its not a material issue for our 2023 numbers, lets just say. So, its a 2024-and-beyond event. But those are the types of things that, again, if we think about where we want to take this business. Part of this is about increasing our exposure into that market where there is tremendous need, and I talked about the increasing intensity for etch and deposition in that space and foundry logic. And most of those big technology inflections where our tools are most suitable, things like selective etch, things like high-aspect ratio critical etch. The use of those tools are just increasing in these new 3D architectures. The increased use of advanced packaging in foundry logic and AI applications, those are, again, areas where Lam can bring our etch technology to bear. So, timing again, hard to predict, but we are making great progress to development tool of record and early production tool of record stages. And I think that as we see those markets ramp, thats good for Lam.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks Atif.
Operator: We will go next to Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Zaman Khan [ph] for Sidney. And just on CSBG, I apologies if I might have missed this, but can you guides us on how you see each of the buckets that play into CSBG? How these will contribute to the segments overall performance in 2023? And I have a quick follow-up.
Tim Archer: Sure. Yes. I kind of hit on that a little earlier, but it was basically the four segments spare, service, upgrades and Reliant. And again, in a normal year, we would actually always see spares in particular, expanding with the growing installed base. I talked about the fact that our installed base is substantially larger than it was during the last down cycle. We just grow the installed base, spares grow along with that. And the impact this year to that business was somewhat unique, in that, the China restrictions did pull spares business immediately out of our revenue plan given that we cannot sell spares to certain customers and technologies in China. So, thats a unique reset to that business. And then the second thing that impacts spares is when customers cut utilization, those tools are idled, obviously, dont need spares. So, I would say the spares business is impacted by those two impacts. Service, similarly, we cant service the tools in China that are restricted customers and technologies and also utilization customers tend to look to save money by doing the service themselves during these times or when tools are offline, they dont need service. And so those two product lines are kind of the most impacted, I would say, by these changes, reliant, again, growing because trailing edge still grows and upgrades. While I said some people might be delaying again, just to  from a CapEx sensitivity perspective, some upgrades I would say there is a less impact in that part of the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thats pretty helpful. And then one more of a long-term question for me. I guess one of your major customers noted like very elevated infrastructure cost, roughly 4x to 5x when they build out fab capacity outside of Asia. I guess what are the implications to equipment spend as customers try to obviously diversify capacity across the regions?
Tim Archer: Its a good question. I mean obviously, there is  all customers are cost sensitive regardless of where they are building fabs. I mean we certainly know as people move into costlier regions, I think the story is the same. We compete and we win business based on building tools that deliver excellent technology with high productivity. And I think that if I thought about what probably that means from an equipment trending perspective, I talked a lot about equipment intelligence. You think about it, if you are moving into a region where already some of the base costs are higher, you are going to want tools that require less human interaction, less servicing tools that can do predictive work in order to try to keep them up and utilize more at a higher rate. And so I think that you will see those types of customers pull for some of our smart solutions where you can kind of pull some of that labor content down if you can keep tools up and running more often and therefore, extract more from the capital that you have invested.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the color. Tim, thats very helpful.
Tim Archer: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in. I had two questions. One, I just wanted to  obviously, a lot has transpired over the last 12 months and clearly a huge correction in memory. You are saying foundry logic down something less than the group the overall is. I am just kind of curious how you are thinking about that. I mean obviously, memory had to work through low utilizations and now they are pulling back on the capacity adds and same end markets. So, kind of just how are you thinking about foundry kind of progressing over this year or next?
Tim Archer: Yes. I guess right now, obviously, we still see, as we said, memory or foundry logic being down substantially less than the memory this year. We have also made the comment that as a percent of total WFE memory is at levels that we havent seen in 25 years. And so therefore, I guess we look at it and its either we see strong foundry logic spending, but we actually think that with that foundry logic spending in the devices and applications that are created, that will be another one of the drivers that pulls through memory usage and causes and perhaps accelerates a memory recovery. And so I think that the two are intricately tied in terms of the end applications, but sometimes the timing of the capacity additions and such are absent I think thats what we see right now.
Doug Bettinger: Blayne, I guess what I would describe is  go ahead, ask your next question.
Blayne Curtis: I want to hear what you would say, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: I was just going to say at the end of the day, you need all of this in the system architecture. When you look at hyperscale architecture, you dont just have logic devices and accelerators without memory, right. Its all got kind of all go on the same motherboard, if you will. What we have got going on, at least my perspective right now is we are sitting on excess inventory in the memory area to a significant extent, and its just got to get consumed. We are at a different point in the classic cycle is what I was going to describe Blayne.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. I guess  I mean its a question  I am going to  I want to follow on to my own question, but its also one for yourself. I mean you look across the industry in semis inventories are going up. I think you have seen this in memory, but also with semiconductor companies and your inventories as well, right? So, it suggests capacity exceeds demand, right? So, I guess one, I guess thats why question why foundry logic can kind of continue and I think memory might be leading the show there. But I guess as it relates to you, inventories are at a very high level. So, I am just kind of curious as another play on gross margin, where do you think your inventories need to go? And if you have to dial back your production, is there any kind of headwinds to gross margin to think about?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Blayne, our inventory is going to go lower, I guess is what I would describe, right. Business is coming down. We will need less inventory to supply a lower level of business, it will come down, that I can tell you for sure.
Blayne Curtis: And does that have any impact to gross margin?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, a little bit. But when I describe an expectation, I mean I describe an expectation that as we exit the year, gross margin is a point higher, that contemplates the fact that factory absorption, utilization and so forth is going to be lower, and we will be bringing inventory down.
Blayne Curtis: Awesome. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Blayne.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our last question from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions. Last quarter, you had talked about the Reliant business or kind of one does with the decline in WFE and just kind of weakness in consumer electronics that, that business could also be negatively impacted. And it sounds like maybe this quarter, you are a little bit more constructive on that business. Is that, I guess the right way to think about it? And then two, maybe whats driving that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. No, Joe, we didnt mean to describe it any differently. I think last quarter and this quarter, we said we expect that segment of foundry and logic to be somewhat better than overall WFE. I think we said that last time. I am pretty sure we did and we are saying that again.
Tim Archer: I think they may have come across  Joe, just a little bit  maybe a little more constructive than the other product lines that were within CSBG, I think why I think there was a question about kind of ranking them or stacking those. Its the least impacted by the changes like time restriction and utilization. That was  that was maybe why it came across that way. No intention to send a different message from last quarter, though.
Joe Quatrochi: Got it. Thats helpful. And then just in terms of the total CSBG business, when we think about the impact from the China export restrictions, obviously, the utilization coming down just across the board is a negative impact. But would that business be, I guess closer to flat, its just kind of like-to-like without the China export restrictions?
Doug Bettinger: Its certainly being doing better and we described it as likely down somewhat. And historically, I have always said, this is a business that should grow every single year. I wish I wouldnt have said that because I couldnt envision the environment we are in with utilization in China and so forth. So, we are just giving you kind of the lay of the land right now, Joe.
Joe Quatrochi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tim Archer: Thank you, operator. I think that concludes the call for us. We are wrapped up here.
Tina Correia: Thank you all for joining.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research September 2022 Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tina Correia. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our overview on the business environment and we will review our financial results for the September 2022 quarter and our outlook for the December 2022 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website, along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina, and thank you to everyone joining the call today. Our September quarter results reflect continued strong execution by Lam, with revenues topping $5 billion for the first time in the company's history. Gross margins came in at the higher end of guidance and operating margin and earnings per share both exceeded the guidance range. As you can see from our press release today, we also expect solid performance in the December quarter despite the challenging environment. Recently, the United States government announced new export regulations for US semiconductor technology sold in China, including wafer fabrication equipment and related parts and services. We have taken the necessary steps to ensure full compliance with the rules and have ceased shipments and support as required. Our financial guidance issued today for the December quarter includes the impact of these changes. For calendar year 2023, we estimate the total revenue impact from these restrictions to be in the range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. Turning to the broader demand picture, we see wafer fabrication equipment spending in calendar year 2022 in the low $90 billion range. This outlook includes the impact of new China-related restrictions and lower demand, partially offset by improving supply chain conditions. As some of our customers have indicated recently, there has been a rapid deterioration in demand fundamentals, particularly within the memory segments. Customers are adjusting investment plans into next year to bring channel inventories down to more normalized levels. As a result, we see memory bit shipments tracking below end demand for the next few quarters. In our normal cadence, we would provide our first view of 2023 WFE on our January earnings call. However, given the current environment, today, we are providing our preliminary estimate for calendar year 2023. Inclusive of the China restrictions, we expect next year's WFE to be down more than 20% with memory investments accounting for a large portion of that decline. We will provide more detailed color on our outlook in our next earnings call. But for now, we believe that customer actions to reduce memory bit supply growth it will create a favorable setup for memory mix to increase as a percent of overall WFE beyond 2023. As cyclical adjustments play out, the structural factors supporting a long-term WFE growth remain unchanged. These include expanding semiconductor content in end devices, rising device complexity and larger die sizes. These factors create tremendous opportunity for Lam, as they require greater etch and deposition intensity to enable higher performance and more scalable device architectures, including the transition to 3D structures. To ensure we are best positioned to win long-term, we are focused on three key strategies: First, continue to demonstrate our commitment to customer success by ensuring that the rapidly growing installed base of Lam tools at our customers is operating at maximum efficiency. Second, be a trusted R&D partner for our customers by sustaining our investment in the technology development that is most critical to their long-term device scaling road maps. And third, accelerate innovation and deepen our customer and supply chain partnerships by fully leveraging Lam's recently expanded global R&D and manufacturing infrastructure. Our installed base is now approaching 80,000 chambers in the field. This is over 30% higher than in the 2019 memory-related pullback in WFE. Lam's growing installed base continues to drive strong performance in our CSBG business, which hit another record in the September quarter with approximately $1.9 billion in revenue. While we won't hit new records every quarter, our installed base has become ever more important to our business model, particularly in WFE spending downturns. During such times, customers can continue to advance their technology, while optimizing capital efficiency through upgrades to their existing tools. We are also engaging with customers to find other efficiencies, including yield enhancement. An example of the opportunity this creates can be seen in our Coronus product line. Lam's Coronus double-etched process is employed by customers to help prevent process-related defects, which can impair cost per bit scaling. As a result, we have seen a steady increase in the number of double-etched passes used at each successive NAND technology node. Another opportunity to help drive efficiency can be found in enormous volume of equipment and process data being generated from our large and growing installed base. Together with customers, we are using key learnings to deliver services and upgrades that positively impact our customers' operations. For example, we recently deployed Equipment Intelligence Services to support new equipment installation at a large memory manufacturer. Using these capabilities, we were able to shorten the time to release tools to production by more than 20%. While the near-term demand dynamics warrant an increased focus on operational efficiencies, the strong pull for technology advancement from our customers and the growth opportunity it creates for Lam continues. We made solid progress in the September quarter with key technology wins across multiple customers. For example, our ability to deposit critical films to lower device capacities and improved lithography overlay performance led to wins for these layers at a leading DRAM customer. For both applications, we leverage learning from our 3D NAND leadership position as well as ecosystem partnerships to bring innovative and cost-effective solutions to our DRAM customers. In foundry logic, we secured multiple new ALD application wins at a key customer by delivering purpose modifications and film characteristics required for building and integrating gate all-around structures. Whether it is our focus on operational efficiency or our collaboration on advanced technology, we believe our long-term success will be rooted in an R&D and manufacturing infrastructure close to our customers, close to our ecosystem partners and with access to world-class talent. Consequently, over the past two years, we have made strategic investments to expand our global footprint, including the addition of a manufacturing facility in Malaysia, an R&D lab in Korea, and just last month, the opening of Lam's India Center for Engineering in Bengaluru. This center is a valuable addition to our global Lam network, specializing in the design and testing of hardware and software used across our product lines. So, overall, I am pleased with how we are continuing to strengthen our foundation in technology, manufacturing, and service. This foundation puts us in a very good position to both navigate the current cyclical dynamics and emerge stronger as we look to capture the exciting opportunities we see over time in the semiconductor industry. Thank you again for joining today. And I'll now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Excellent. Thanks Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our call today. Lam delivered solid results in the September quarter with record levels of performance across multiple metrics, including revenue, operating income, and earnings per share. The September financials reflect our focus on operational excellence and our ability to deliver and meet the needs of our customers in a dynamic industry environment. Revenue in the September quarter crossed the $5 billion mark for the first time in our history, coming in at approximately $5.1 billion. We continue to ramp output levels, delivering nearly 10% revenue growth over the prior quarter. Supply chain issues have begun to ease somewhat. They have not gone away completely, however. We continue to deal with certain inflationary pressures as well as output constraints. Deferred revenue was $2.8 billion and grew in the September quarter by approximately $550 million. This growth was primarily due to customer cash and advanced deposits followed by the timing of shipments on outstanding orders. With macro conditions weakening and wafer fab equipment spending declining, I expect deferred revenue and backlog levels will come down as we exit the December quarter. I'll provide more information regarding our December guidance and focus for calendar year 2023 later in my scripted remarks. Let me now turn to the segment details for the September quarter. Memory represented 52% of systems revenue, which was slightly down from the prior quarter level of 54%. Included in Memory, the NAND segment represented 39% of systems revenue compared to 40% in the prior quarter. We see capacity adds and conversions occurring by NAND customers mainly for 192-layer class devices. The DRAM segment concentration was consistent with the prior quarter coming in at 13% of system revenues, compared to 14% in the June quarter. The DRAM investments were primarily for 1z and 1-alpha node conversions. Foundry investments were respectable in the September quarter, comprising 34% of our system revenues reaching a record level from a dollar standpoint. The increase in the quarter from the June quarter concentration of 26% as a result of the continued strength in investments for both the leading and mature node devices across a myriad of customers. These investments are supporting areas such as AI, IoT, cloud, automotive and 5G. The Logic and Other segment contributed 14% of systems revenue in the September quarter compared with 20% in the prior quarter. I'll remind you that we had record results in this segment in the June quarter, and we continue to have positive momentum in the Logic segment. Our customer base here is investing in microprocessors, image sensors as well as advanced packaging solutions. I'll now turn to the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at 30% of the total, relatively flat with the prior quarter level of 31%. The China September revenue was more concentrated towards the domestic Chinese customer base and as Tim discussed, we now have additional restrictions for certain domestic Chinese customers and expect the revenue in this region will be significantly lower as we go into next year. The Taiwan region increased to a concentration of 22% in September versus 19% in the June quarter. Korea decreased to 17% of our total revenue from 24% in the prior quarter. I expect these two regions to continue to be strong for us based on the plans of our customers in those regions. The Customer Support Business Group results were strong in the September quarter. Revenue here reached a record of nearly $1.9 billion, which was up 16% from the June quarter and 37% higher than the September quarter in calendar 2021. All parts of the CSBG business delivered good performance in the quarter. Notably, the Reliant and spares product line revenues were at record levels. Reliant was the biggest contributor to the sequential growth in September. As we have noted in the past, CSBG revenues will fluctuate on a quarterly basis, while the macro set up creates the likelihood of a decline in trailing edge demand, the strength of our installed base and value added services provide a platform to offset potentially softer specialty WFE spending. We do believe, nonetheless, that the specialty segment will weather next year relatively better than WFE in total. Moving to gross margin, the September quarter came in at 46% at the high-end of our guided range and it increased from June's gross margin of 45.2%. We benefited from higher output levels as well as favorable customer and product mix. We do continue to have cost pressures and freight logistics, as well as in certain raw material areas like semiconductors. I see headwinds coming in our December quarter related to customer mix, which I'll talk to when I address our guidance. Operating expenses for the September quarter were $647 million, up from the prior quarter amount of $635 million. The increase in spending was in R&D, which comprised nearly 68% of our spending, which was a high water concentration level for the company. We're focused on supporting our customers' manufacturing plans for both the short and long-term and investing with those objectives in mind. We're committed to managing spending next year as we see a decline in calendar year 2023 wafer fab equipment spending, which will obviously negatively impact our revenue levels. The September operating margin was 33.3% and was over the guidance range due to the higher levels of revenue and improved gross margin. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 13.8%, slightly higher than expected due to geographic mix of income, coupled with the impact of the required US R&D capitalization rules. Our estimate for the December 2022 quarter and for 2023 is for the tax rate to be in the low to mid-teens level. Please note, this estimate does not reflect the impact of any potential US and global tax policy changes being considered. The minimum tax provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act are not effective for us until the second half of calendar year 2023, which is our 2024 fiscal year. We do not expect any meaningful impact to our tax rate related to this policy change, however. And also, as a reminder, as we've discussed in the past, you should expect the tax rate to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Other income and expense came in for the quarter at $30 million in expense. This was an expected decrease compared with the $87 million of expense in the June quarter. I'll just remind you that we incurred a loss related to market declines in one of venture investments last quarter, we have now liquidated that position. Other expense in the September quarter was a little bit better than we expected, mainly because of higher interest rates and an increasing cash balance and slightly favorable foreign exchange impacts. The OI&E P&L line item is subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility due to items such as foreign exchange, as well as impacts from the equity markets. From a capital return perspective, we allocated approximately $105 million to share repurchases during the September quarter. The cash was deployed in open market repurchases. The ASR from the June quarter also continued to execute in the September quarter. We paid $206 million in dividends during the quarter. And just to remind you, we continue to target returning 75% to 100% of free cash flow as our long-term capital return plan. September quarter diluted earnings per share came in at $10.42, which was above our guided range because of the strong revenue and improved profitability performance that I spoke about. Diluted share count was 137 million shares, which was lower than the June quarter and was in line with September quarter expectations. Let me now pivot to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash totaled $4.6 billion, which was up from the prior quarter level of $3.9 billion. We generated solid cash from operations in the September quarter of $1.2 billion, which was partially offset by the share repurchases and dividend payments. Inventory turns were consistent with the prior quarter level, coming in at 2.5 times. Days sales outstanding was 82 days, which was a slight decrease from the 85 days in the June quarter. Non-cash expenses for the September quarter included approximately $71 million for equity comp, $64 million for depreciation, and $12 million for amortization. Capital expenditures for the September quarter were $140 million, a little bit higher than June, which was $126 million. Capital expenditures are supporting growth in manufacturing facilities in the United States and Malaysia. Additionally, we're investing in research and development infrastructure in California and Oregon as well as our new technology centers in Korea and India. We ended the September quarter with approximately 18,700 regular full-time employees, which is an increase of approximately 1,000 people from the prior quarter. We had headcount growth primarily in the factory and field organizations, and some in R&D to address higher output levels to manage the supply chain constraints, and to support customer deliveries and installations. We've decided to slow down hiring to only critical positions as we assess the business trajectory going into 2023. Overall, we're executing well in the short term. While we plan to prudently manage the business for a down WFE year in calendar year 2023. I'll remind you that we know how to manage this business during a down cycle. Our operating model has been constructed and tested for many years in different business environments. With that backdrop, I'll provide our non-GAAP guidance for the December 2022 quarter. We are expecting revenue of $5.1 billion, plus or minus $300 million. This includes our current estimate of the impact of new regulations on our ability to supply products and services to certain customers in China. This revenue guidance would have been decently higher if not for these new regulations. Gross margin of 44.5%, plus or minus one percentage point, this is down from the September quarter, primarily due to customer mix. We have lost more profitable business from the China region. Operating margins of 31.5%, plus or minus one percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $10 even plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 136 million shares. So let me just wrap it up. Throughout 2022, we've demonstrated the ability to deliver record financial performance and profitable growth. It's been a year of volatile supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures and regulatory changes. We're confident we're prepared for the challenges we see in the industry in calendar 2023, and we've built a solid foundation for continued success evidenced in our technology leadership and robust installed base. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question on the queue from Timothy Arcuri. Your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Jason Park: Hi. Thanks a lot. This is Jason on for Tim from UBS. I just have a couple of questions. So my first question is on your December guidance. You just guided to deferred revenue to come down. So I was just curious whether you can quantify for us how much of excess deferred revenue you're realizing and contemplating into your December guide. Then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I'm not sure I completely heard you. I think you asked what we think deferred revenue in December is going to do. And all I'm going to tell you is I expect it to go down. I'm not going to quantify it for you.
Jason Park: Got it. Thanks a lot. Yes, so my second question is on the gross margin for December quarter. Could you please quantify how much of a headwind you're still facing in December for things like elevated freight costs in Malaysia facility there? When can we expect the gross margin to normalize eventually? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. No, I'm not going to quantify that for you either. It's still a headwind, otherwise, I wouldn't have put it in the scripted remarks. As we go into next year, and I think supply gets caught up with demand in terms of some of the supply challenges we're having. I expect some of the inflationary headwinds there to mitigate. I expect the same thing in freight and whatnot. So I'm not going to put a number on it, but I do expect that, that will get better as we go into next year.
Jason Park: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take the next question from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Given your commentary on a $2 billion, $2.5 billion impact next year from the export controls in China, it looks like near-term you are offsetting some of that with your significant deferred revenue and order backlog with some of your non-China customers. But, I guess, my question is, could you quantify of the $2 billion, $2.5 billion impact, what percentage is systems and what percentage is services? And then, I have a follow-up question.
Tim Archer: Yes.
Doug Bettinger: You go ahead.
Tim Archer: Yes, Harlan. I guess, we wanted to give some sizing for that in 2023, since we knew there would be questions that, we're not going to break out the difference right now. That's inclusive of both systems and spares and service for those customers in China that are impacted by the restrictions. I think that we talked a little bit about improving supply chain conditions. And so, where possible, we talked about December, including some impact of, of course, China restrictions, offset partially by supply chain easing, offset as well by some decreases in other customers due to the demand elements that we talked about. So we're not prepared to break each of those items out, but we're doing best we can to essentially meet customer demand requirements where we can as early as we can.
Doug Bettinger: I appreciate that. And then my follow-up, the team only just started recently breaking out services or your CSBG business, obviously, it's becoming a more ratable base, a multiyear service contract focused business, a lot richer in terms of value-added services and solutions. I think you guys put in your presentation like chamber shipments are up significantly over the past three years. So in thinking about a weaker WFE environment next year, like if you look back over the last three or four WFE downturns, has the Lam -- has Lam services business remained stable or grown through most of those downturns and would you expect a similar profile in a weaker WFE environment next year?
Tim Archer: Well, Harlan, in my comments, I specifically said it's a very important part of our business model, especially during WFE downturns. It's also been a very deliberate strategy of Lam. I think if you attended the last couple of investor conferences, we've talked about an intention to increase revenue capture per chamber. And so I mentioned that just in the time from the last WFE downturn in 2019 from now we've managed to grow the installed base in chamber count by more than 30%. At the same time, we've also increased the breadth of our portfolio and the services that both in terms of the types of equipment intelligence services, the spares, the upgrades that has also meaningfully improved our opportunity for each of those chambers that's in the installed base. So each element of the spares of CSBG, whether it's spares, upgrade services, Reliant probably moves a little bit different through each of the kind of WFE up cycles or down cycles. But generally, spares, as we've said, holds up pretty well as most customers continue to run all of the tools that they've got installed. Upgrades sometimes can actually do a little bit better as customers have a little bit more time in a downturn to make the improvements that they want to make so that they come out of those downturns stronger with their installed base. And then services especially with our expanding offerings around equipment intelligence sources I talked about efficiency, productivity those are all things that they're important to customers at all times. But the really important customers as they're thinking about squeezing everything they can out of the installed base they have and being able to then maybe delay additional capital purchases or expenditures for just a bit longer. So I would say that we see CSBG as a very important part of stabilizing the company's performance through cycles.
Doug Bettinger: Harlan, the only thing I would point out incrementally. Yes, the only incremental thing I'd point out incremental to what Tim said is, I've been talking about how strong Reliant has been the last several quarters. And in fact, last quarter, it was the biggest sequential grower in CSBG. And as we look into 2023, we're not going to parse all the different components of WFE, but I know there's some people out there that think specialty segment of WFE will soften next year, and that would impact Reliant along with that offset by the things that Tim talked about.
Harlan Sur: No, great insights. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: We will take the next question from C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question relates to deferred revenues. So when you gave us your early view for 2023 WFE, how are you kind of reflecting deferred revenues for you as well as the rest of the industry in that more than down 20%? And as part of that, should we be thinking about your deferred revenues getting close to zero exiting calendar 2023?
Tim Archer: Yes. Let me take a shot at that first, and let Dough to add in. Obviously, we contemplated that, always we're talking about what we think the industry is able to do from a ship perspective. And ultimately from a revenue perspective. But -- so that number next year or kind of think about it as a little bit of a like for life this year. But I believe that we will see ultimately the year play out in a way that deferred revenues do come down as supply chain continues to ease. And there is a normal level, though, I'll let them speak to that. What that normal level of deferred is that we'd expect? So it won't come to zero, but we will see a meaningful portion of that deferred revenue that really represents the systems that we've been unable to satisfy this year as that plays out this year as we have. Ramped our capacity, supply chain capacity caught up and therefore we get caught up on deliveries and revenue recognition.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean, C.J., you know that, deferred revenue is never a zero number because we always have these cash in advanced payments, volume purchase agreement credits, a whole bunch of different things, spares and service credits that are there. If you look for the supply chain challenges we had, a normalized level of deferred revenue would be somewhere between 500 and a $1 billion. It bounces around, it's lumpy sometimes, but that is kind of the normalized level that I think about. And it's elevated right now because of the backorder stuff and the incomplete tools that we're shipping. It will come down in December and then it will come down more as we go through 2023, is our outlook right now.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And as my follow up, you've grown your headcount by 30 plus percent over the last five quarters. And I just curious, as you contemplate the coming kind of correction, how are you thinking about headcount? How are you thinking about OpEx and operating leverage?
Tim Archer: Well, I think that obviously, as Doug mentioned in his comments, it's not our first downturn. And the reality is we really had no choice but to expand the company as we tried to meet what was really unprecedented, the gamble for last couple of years and no choice in doing that. And as you see, not only did we add headcount, we also expanded our facilities. Obviously, as you move through cycles, we then look at the resources that are required to meet the business level in the year and going forward and beyond. But I made a couple of comments. One, we think it's incredibly important that we sustain technology development through any cycle. Our customers expect for us to be continuing to advance the products and technology they're going to need on the other side of the demand cycle. And two, I talked about some very strategic investments that we've made to expand our global footprint, to put us closer to where some of our key customers are, to create capabilities closer to ecosystem partners and our supply chain. And we think those investments are incredibly important to the long-term business model of the company. And so, we'll be sure that however, we're thinking about the resources in the company that we sustain those types of investments as well because it's not only how you act to the downturn, it's how prepared you are for the next upturn and what performance you can deliver in that cycle as well. So those things are all under consideration now. And it's also why we gave you some look ahead to 2023 to give you a sense of how we're thinking about how this business can run through the near term.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: Next question from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your time is open. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: For my first question, you've -- obviously, you've got backlog and deferred carrying you through December. -- you've got calendar 2023, you're guiding WE down, if I do the math, like somewhere in the ballpark of $70 billion. How do I think about the transition from where we're running right now to that environment? But can you give us any color, even qualitatively just on like for March quarter, does March quarter sort of -- are you sort of at that run rate of where you expect WFE to be next quarter? Like what does that transition look like?
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, I mean we gave you color beyond what we would normally do at this point in the year, and I'm not going to do any more than we've already provided. That's the best we're going to be able to do for you right now.
Stacy Rasgon: All right. Yes, I'll take that. For my follow-up. If I look at the WFE guidance for next year, again, down 20% or more from the low 90s, puts at about $70 billion. You said it includes the China sanctions, would it have been higher without those China sanctions? Are you assuming that some of that China capacity gets redeployed to other players? Like is that -- what do those puts and takes look like?
Doug Bettinger: No, we that -- that makes an assumption that the vast majority of that China WFE just comes out of -- and I don't -- if your question is, could somebody else spend what those customers were going to spend to put the same equipment or capacity in place. Our view right now, I mean, is that, that probably wouldn't take place in 2023.
Stacy Rasgon: Yes. I guess what I'm asking is if it wasn't for the transactions, would you be looking for WPF like $80 billion or $75 million instead of the $70 million where it seems to be coming out?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. It would have been a little bit higher, Stacy Yes. Yes, it would have been a little bit higher.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay. Thank you guys.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thank you.
Operator: We will take the next question from Krish Sankar. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. So, the first one, thanks for the color on CSBG. I'm just kind of curious, you shipped a lot of tools this year. Most of them are under one-year warranty. So they won't necessarily contribute CSBG revenues. WC down 2% or higher and the customer utilization rates come down, is there a way to think about what utilization rate below which actually CSBG revenues don't grow?
Doug Bettinger: Well, I think it's a tough question because as I -- that's why I pointed out, there's really four components of CSBG and not all of them are completely utilization-driven. But just to your comment about the number of tools we've shipped. I mean, over the last two years, as we mentioned -- since 2019, up 30%, a significant expansion in chamber count. So, therefore, our opportunity has grown. There are some components of CSPG and the spare space and on consumables that actually start kind of on customer usage. And so that 1-year delay doesn't quite exist for every part of CSBG spending. But I don't think we've done the calculation of where you would have to come down -- utilization would have to come down in order for certain elements not to grow. I think we anticipate that, again, customers are going to be motivated to run the tools to a great extent for the tools that they already have installed. And again, you'll see probably heightened interest in upgrades versus new capacity additions, which is also beneficial for not only our CSBG business, but Lam's capture rate per dollar of investment spend. So, again, just CSBG being an important part of our business.
Tim Archer: Pointing out Doug also commented some elements like Reliant are subject to kind of overall macro environment, and we just have to watch that as we go through next year.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Tim, that's very helpful. And then as a follow-up, it seems like the first time your foundry revenues crossed $1 billion in a quarter. And you mentioned about some ALD wins for gate all around, et cetera. So I'm curious how much of the foundry strength is share gains versus just underlying cyclical strength from the foundry purchasing?
Doug Bettinger: Over to both, Krish, frankly. Obviously, I think you understand, like I'm sure everybody on the call does, foundry investment is pretty strong this year. So that's a part of it. But there's incremental positions that we won. Tim every earnings call talks about some of those. So -- and you talked about a couple of just now.
Tim Archer: Yes, Krish, I'm usually trying to focus on how we're doing versus what are -- some of the longer-term inflections that we've highlighted. When you think about foundry logic where we've been focused, it's ALD, which clearly, we've made significant progress. It's areas like the EUV patterning module, which includes hard masks and the ability to etch very fine pitch features with incredibly uniformity across the wafer and wafer-to-wafer, tool-to-tool, chamber-to-chamber. And that's -- so I've been -- usually, I'm talking about a little bit further ahead, but that gives you some sense of the momentum of the company that's independent of the cycle. It's really -- those are positions we're winning and when the customers buy, those become big opportunities for the company.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Next question is from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. In terms of the business that's impacted by the export controls, you said $2 billion to $2.5 billion for next year. Can you talk about what that is kind of like on a run rate basis? Or just -- I'm trying to get a sense of, is that 2 to 2.5, was that projecting some growth relative to where the numbers have been? I'm just trying to understand how much the negative impact is versus the trailing numbers?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, that's a good question. I mean, obviously, we're giving a 2023 a little earlier that we probably have a great look at 2023, but in that number, $2 billion to $2.5 billion, we did anticipate some growth in 2023 over 2022. So we won't say how much, but it's incorporated some growth from the run rate we see today.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you. And then within the service spares in particular, part of that business, I assume you'll be impacted in your ability to ship spares going forward as well. Should we think about those customers being similar in size to their overall capital spending? Or have they been sort of purchasing spares ahead of this? And could they be outsized exposure within your services business because of that?
Tim Archer: Yes. No, Joe, there's not an enormous amount of it. There's been a little bit of inventory. I think the entire customer base built up with some of the supply chain constraints this year, including the local Chinese customers, but it's not like a crazy amount.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Tim Archer: Thanks. Joe, thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you so much. I was hoping, Doug, you could help us think about your systems revenue into 2023 vis--vis how you're thinking about WFE? Obviously, you're over-indexed to memory where you guys expect the bulk of the decline to come in 2023. You've been really successful in China and chunk of that is coming out on the positive side, you seem to have really strong momentum in both logic and foundry. So, net-net, is it fair to assume, you guys can kind of perform in line with WFE? Or do you think '23 is going to be a relatively challenging year, just given your mix?
Tim Archer: Yes. I think in many way especially, you answered your own question. We're a little bit over-indexed in memory. We're very strong in terms of share there, and that's going to be down more overall WFE next year, but that's also offset by the strength of our CSPG business, which I believe to be the highest quality installed bases in the industry. So that's going to benefit us. If you really want to kind of see what it might look like -- go back and look at '19, where you had a similar profile, where memory was quite soft and foundry logic was pretty good. And we weathered that period pretty well.
Toshiya Hari: That's helpful. Thank you. And then as my follow-up, a question on gross margin. So you're guiding December down 150 basis points, and Doug, you spoke to customer mix. One of your competitors, they've talked about inventory write-downs and costs associated with repurposing tools. Curious if anything like that is negatively impacting your December quarter guide? And I guess, more importantly, how should we think about margin beyond with volume declining? Could gross margins decline further from here? Or do you think there are enough offsets in pricing and hopefully, freight and semiconductor pricing that could help you on the upside? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, let me unpack it a little bit. I don't really think we're going to have a meaningful inventory exposure. So no, there isn't anything from that. We believe we're going to be able to meaningfully rework any inventory we had that might have been targeted for those specific customers we can no longer ship to. And I don't think, as I sit here today, that's a material number. So the softness, sequential softness in December gross margin is because we lost some very profitable customers in the China region, and that's going to persist, obviously. So that was kind of the first question. Unpacking next year, I mean, the way I think about it, first, I think, as everybody on the call does, this isn't really a fixed cost business. It's highly variable. And so as volumes vary, a lot of cost of goods sold varies. You've seen that from us over the years. So that hasn't changed. The model here hasn't changed. As we go into next year, the benefit, I think we'll see in gross margin is. I believe we'll see the mitigation on some of these inflation pressures. I think supply gets back caught up with demand in terms of our supply base in areas like semiconductor. I believe freight gets better next year to what magnitude. I'm not positive, but I think that gets better. And then we ramp supply chain in Malaysia, so we're flying things shorter distances and whatnot. And so, we're going to see the benefit of that offset then by we've just lost some very profitable customers. And yes, volume will be down. There is a little bit of fixed cost in the factory and field that we're going to have to deal with. So, I'm not going to quantify it for you, but those are the puts and takes.
Tim Archer: The only thing I would add is there's been a lot of our actions. Again, I spoke to some of the repositioning. I mean effectively, your question is about next year, but we're really thinking about, again, long-term trajectory for profitability in the company, which both Doug and I have said over time, we want to drive it meaningfully higher. And so, Doug mentioned and I mentioned the investment in Malaysia. We talked about the engineering activities in India, talk about the technology lab in Korea. All of these things are designed to make us faster and more efficient in our operations over the long-term. And so how much of that shows up next year and kind of how the effect is going to see how next year plays out. We're going to be focused on it. As I said, we go back to look in 2019, we do pretty well in these periods. But really, what we're trying to message is that the investments we've made over the last couple of years, taking advantage of this very strong growth period in the company really sets us up for the remainder of this decade to really drive the strategy of the company towards, again, speed of mission and efficiency and delivery of our products and services.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks, guys.
Tim Archer: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Vivek Arya, Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For the first one, I'm curious, Tim, when do you see your ex-China memory customers getting to some level of supply demand equilibrium? Is it sometime in Q1, Q2, Q3, just what's your sense of how much inventory do they have? And how much time would it take for them to clear it out, so that your orders can resume?
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, now we're starting to talk a lot more about 2023. And so again, we incorporated our view there into the 2023 guidance. I think we'd like to wait until we get little bit closer to the year to be able to speak to that. It's -- the customers are taking action. And I think that you're hearing from customers about some pretty aggressive action to try to bring those inventories and the supply demand better into balance. I don't really want to speak for them, but I think that, as I commented, I think as we exit 2023, we're going to be set up in a pretty good place for memory spending as a percent of total WFE to actually rise from that point. How it plays out through 2023, well let you know our view is to get a little bit closer.
Doug Bettinger: And Vivek, maybe just an observation for me. I mean, these cycles have similar timeframes associated with them, almost just walk back in history and look at it. With the caveat, though, I think as we came through all the supply chain challenges this time, maybe a little more inventory gotten built up, when I look at things in the industry, so it might be a little bit longer than typical, but these things are pretty consistent on a historical basis. So you just go look at history, you'll have to answer your question.
Vivek Arya: Right. And from my follow-up, I'm just trying to reconcile the more optimistic comments about growth made by your lithography peer this morning, who is expecting to grow next year with your comments that WFE could decline over 20%, so if the litho part of the wallet is going to grow, does it mean that the part that applies to you declines a lot more than 20%? I'm just trying to reconcile such a big difference in how two important players are thinking about next year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Hard for me to tell you what another company is saying, especially because it was just this morning, and I haven't really been able -- Tim and I haven't really been able to look at what they said. But I think you understand, you don't just buy one tool just for the fun of it. If you can't buy all the process tools to complete the manufacturing line, it makes no sense, right? And so if youre buying a litho tool, eventually, you need edge step and everything else to complete the wafer. So I can't help you reconcile what they said because I haven't actually been able to go study it, but I think you understand what I just commented on.
Vivek Arya: Understood. Thank you, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Next question from Blayne Curtis, Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask you all the restrictions. I mean, I guess just optically looking at it, it seems like you're taking out the domestic memory vendors. And I know there's very little leading-edge logic. I'm just curious, at least some debate as to whether the multinationals, whether you could still ship to their Chinese facilities. I know there were some licenses, maybe for services, but just kind of curious if you could just quantify your understanding of the restrictions and what you're taking out, and whether it includes multinationals and if you can still ship to facilities that may make leading-edge foundry processes even if the equipment is not being used for?
Tim Archer: Bunch of questions there. First of all, maybe the simplest is we've taken out, obviously, the shipments that were destined for applications or customers that are restricted, which primarily means right now domestic Chinese customers that are manufacturing restricted technologies, which in NAND and DRAM have certain specifications and in foundry logic and others. The multinationals, as you noted, were given an authorization to receive shipments and service and so our business there effectively remains unchanged as a result of that. And so we are continuing to include that in our outlook for 2023. To your point about a facility, it's our understanding that a facility that would have mixed use would likely fall under the restricted category. And so, therefore, if a customer were to want to manufacture and take shipments and receive support for unrestricted technology, you would have to be in a facility that was clearly not also doing restricted activities. And I think that that's something that's being worked through by our customers. We've contemplated all of those, as well as what we believe will happen in China and to that $2.5 billion estimate. And so that's our view right now of the restrictions on how they affect customers and our business.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And then just on December, I was little confused. The impact you laid out is 500 plus million per quarter that you can't ship to, your sales are flat. So I'm just curious, are you making it up with other customers? I'm just curious how fungible is equipment that you thought you were going to be shipping to Chinese memory, whether it needs to -- can be repurposed in the quarter, and you're doing that, and that's why you're not seeing the impact or whether you're expecting to ship to some higher level. And we just didn't know that, and that's why the sales are flat?
Tim Archer: Well, I think that, as Doug said, the December guide would have been decently higher if the China restrictions had not been put in place. So I think that answers the question. There was a comment about -- that we made about -- perhaps we made up a little bit because of easing supply chain conditions, but that would have happened independent. So in any case, December would have been higher had the Chinese restrictions not been put in place.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. Thanks.
Tim Archer: Yes. Thanks, Blayne.
Operator: Next question from Joe Quatrochi, Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back on the expectation that deferred revenue declines in the December quarter. Is there any part of that that's related to the export restrictions where customers that are now restricted had tools that were incomplete, that are now, I don't know, more or less stranded?
Tim Archer: No, Joe, there's not. We cannot ship anything to those restricted customers.
Joe Quatrochi: But tools, I guess, that were previously shipped that are just incomplete like they were shipped last quarter or two quarters ago?
Tim Archer: If that situation existed and I'm not saying it did or didn't. We can't ship anything to them.
Joe Quatrochi: Got it. Okay. And then just trying to think about bit shipments in the cycle, relative to prior cycles, how do you think about your customers' willingness to hold more inventory on their own balance sheets this cycle relative to prior cycles? Does that change the way you think about maybe like the -- the snapback in terms of like bit supply growth?
Tim Archer: Yes. It's a good question. It's definitely one that's better relative to their tolerance of holding that inventory. I think everybody's view of inventory probably changed a little bit as a result of shortages and the ability to respond to what -- over the last two years, we've seen a relatively sharp changes in demand. But I really can't answer for them about their willingness to hold more inventory. I think we're going back and as Doug said, looking at kind of historical behavior and these kinds of downturns, what we're experienced with, and that's how we kind of like project out what we think will likely happen.
Joe Quatrochi: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yes. Thanks, Joe.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please?
Operator: Understood. We have the last one from Quinn Bolton, Needham & Co. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton: Thanks for squeezing me in. Tim, there's some confusion is the interpretation of the market it seems like on the license requirements for US citizens in China. I wonder, if you could just clarify -- does the support license requirements affect just the same set of customers as the equipment license? Or is there a broader impact on US citizens operating in China?
Tim Archer: On US citizens operating in China, I'm not -- yes, I mean, there is a restriction on US citizens as defined by the government -- providing support for the development of restricted technologies.
Quinn Bolton: Right. But is that just sort of the same set of customers that require export licenses on the equipment side. So, the advanced NAND, the DRAM and 16-nanometer and below? Or is there a broader set of customers you cannot support under the export control?
Tim Archer: No, I believe it is the same step that spelled out. Fundamentally, customers that are either on a restricted list or producing restricted technologies for those that are affecting.
Quinn Bolton: Got it. Thanks for the clarification. And just quickly, you said you're going to manage OpEx next year, kind of wondering if you might be able to provide any sort of qualitative color. Is that sort of -- you expect it to look similar to what happened back in 2018, 2019 in a downturn? Or would you look to be more aggressive and try to manage OpEx more in line with the decline you see in WFE in calendar 2023?
Tim Archer: We'll give you that guidance in the January earnings call. I think what we're just trying to signal is that, we're well aware of what we believe is coming next year. And therefore, we'll take the appropriate actions -- as we see fit, as I mentioned, to manage the company through the downturn. But also be ready for what we believe is a robust future for the company and the industry.
Quinn Bolton: Great. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Quinn.
Tina Correia: Okay. Operator, that will conclude our call. Id like to thank everyone for joining us today. Have a good day.
Operator: That concludes todays event. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the June 2022 Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our overview on the business environment and we will review our financial results for the June 2022 quarter and our outlook for the September 2022 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website, along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. Lams June quarter results were much stronger than we originally anticipated. Revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share achieved new quarterly records and we are well ahead of our guidance for the quarter. Industry-wide shortages continue to impact output and the efficiency of our operations. However, specific actions we have taken in our supply chain in recent quarters are allowing us to execute more effectively in the supply-constrained environment. I want to thank our global Lam teams, including our supply chain operations and engineering groups as well as our suppliers and customers for demonstrating incredible dedication, agility and partnership in the face of significant challenges. In the June quarter, we continued to see good momentum with our product and installed base initiatives with foundry logic systems and CSPG revenues both reaching new highs. Our performance this quarter adds to my confidence that Lam will emerge from this period of industry disruption, stronger, more resilient and even better positioned in our markets. As suggested by our guidance today, we expect to see incremental improvement in supply chain conditions in the September quarter, but our view is that industry-wide output will continue to be constrained through the rest of this year. Consequently, we are lowering our outlook for calendar year 2022 wafer fab equipment spending to be in the low to mid-$90 billion range. Overall, semiconductor demand remains robust, but with some macro-driven pockets of weakness, particularly in consumer-focused markets. We see strong foundry logic spending outgrowing both NAND and DRAM investments. In the longer term, we expect industry growth to be driven by the increasingly vital role semiconductors play in the global economy. This, along with expanding semiconductor content in end devices, rising device complexity and larger die sizes will help sustain strong WFE levels. Most importantly, for Lam, technology inflections will continue to drive greater etch and deposition intensity. Across our company, we have been prioritizing investments to benefit from these trends and prepare for the growth ahead. Over the last 2 years, Lam has devoted significant attention to the disruptions that have impacted semiconductor ecosystem, but at the same time, we have used this period to accelerate a strategic transformation of our operations and product focus. We have significantly expanded Lams capabilities and resources closer to our customers and ecosystem partners, both in the U.S. and globally to deepen collaboration, accelerate the introduction of new products and drive greater operational flexibility. Compared to pre-pandemic times, Lam now has a more globally diverse manufacturing and supply chain infrastructure, designed to leverage unique regional capabilities while servicing worldwide demand. A notable example is Lams new Malaysia facility, which takes our manufacturing, supply chain and logistics operations to the next level in terms of scale, automation and efficiency. Over the last 2 years, we have also increased our technology infrastructure investments across the U.S., Asia and Europe, which has included a new development center in Korea and a soon to open engineering lab in India. Our vision is to be the premier technology collaboration partner in the ecosystem, leveraging Lam innovation to bring customers, suppliers, peer companies and consortia, together to create disruptive solutions for the industrys grand challenges. Productivity and extendability of EUV patterning has been one such area of focus. And in the June quarter, we announced that SK Hynix has selected Lams innovative dry resist fabrication technology as a development tool of record for two key steps in the patterning process for advanced DRAM chips. We also announced the expansion of partnerships within the EUV ecosystem. In collaboration with Entegris and Gelest, we look to provide our customers with reliable access to precursor chemicals for Lams dry photoresist technology. Together, we will also be working to accelerate the development of dry resist solutions for high numerical aperture EUV patterning. With customers, we are using data-driven equipment intelligence solutions to deepen our engagements. An enormous amount of equipment and process data is being generated from our installed base. And together with customers, we are using key learnings to drive fab productivity. Lams Sense.i platform was launched in early 2020 with the goal of combining Lams innovative equipment intelligence solutions with our market-leading edge technology. The Vantex dielectric etch system built on the Sense.i platform has seen tremendous momentum since launch and has become the fastest ramping etch tool in Lam history. We expect the installed base for this product to approximately triple this year alone. Furthermore, we are seeing increased demand for Lam solutions in new advanced packaging architectures. Our Kiyo plasma etch products with Hydro have a proven record of delivering the productivity and uniformity requirements needed for cost effective front-end device scaling. Leveraging this expertise in high-volume manufacturing, we have now achieved multiple new etch tool of record positions for advanced packaging at a leading foundry logic customer. As customers further develop these architectures in support of greater system performance, we see a growing opportunity for Lams etch and deposition solutions. And the final element in our transformation over the past several years relates to our emerging leadership in sustainability. In late June, we released our 2021 ESG report where we outlined how we integrate ESG throughout our operations. We are proud that we were one of the first in the semiconductor industry to set a net zero emissions goal. I encourage you to review the report to see the great progress we are making across several important areas, including environmental sustainability and our commitment to diversity and inclusion in our workforce. So in summary, I am very pleased with the solid results posted by the company for the June quarter. Our results are an indication of our strong business foundation built on a large and growing installed base, a differentiated product portfolio and a commitment to ecosystem-wide collaboration and success. We are in a great spot to benefit as secular drivers push the semiconductor industry to new heights over time. Thank you. And I will now turn it over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call today during what I know is a very busy earnings season. I am pleased to share our June quarter results with you today. We had our second consecutive fiscal year of record levels of revenue and diluted earnings per share. Revenues increased year-over-year for the fiscal year by over 17% and diluted earnings per share rose by more than 21%. We delivered solid performance in the June 2022 quarter. Our results across all financial metrics came in at the high end or above our guidance ranges due to our improved execution and the continued strong demand for our equipment. June quarter revenue was a record at $4.64 billion, which was an increase of more than 14% over the prior quarter and over the high-end of the guidance range. While we are making progress on addressing the supply chain challenges weve previously talked about, it will take more time for them to be fully resolved. Despite the supply chain improvements and higher factory output levels, we still exited the June quarter with $2.2 billion in deferred revenue, which was an increase of $129 million sequentially. From a segment perspective, memory represented 54% of systems revenue in the June quarter, which was down from the prior quarter level of 66%. The NAND segment came in at 40% percent of our systems revenue, which was roughly consistent with the prior quarter. Our NAND customers are investing in tools for 17x layer and beyond devices. On the DRAM side, revenues were 14% of systems revenue, which is a decline from the prior quarter level of 27%. DRAM investments are focused on the 1z and 1-alpha node addition and conversions. In the Foundry segment, June quarter revenues increased quarter-over-quarter and represented 26% of our systems revenue compared with 21% in the March quarter. The increase is related to the timing of customer investments with broad-based spending across both leading as well as specialty node devices. The Logic and Other segment had record performance in the June quarter coming in at 20% of systems revenue higher than the March quarter amount of 13%. Our performance here not only reflects the demand in the market for microprocessors, analog components, image sensors, and advanced packaging solutions, but it also demonstrates the progress we are making in the leading-edge foundry logic inflections that Tim talked about earlier. Let me now turn to the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at 31% of total revenue, which was flat with the March quarter percentage. China domestic customers were the majority of the China regional revenue in the June quarter. There was also a strong concentration of investments by our customers in the Korea and Taiwan regions, which comprised 24% and 19% of our total revenues respectively in the June quarter. The Customer Support Business Group revenue was also a record at approximately $1.6 billion which was up 16% from the prior quarter level and 18% higher than the June quarter in calendar 2021. There was strength across all parts of CSBG, but notably in spares with our customers fabs running at high utilization levels as well as in our Reliant business, with customers investing in specialty market areas such as RF and power devices. While quarter-on-quarter growth rates in CSBG can vary based on customer investment patterns, I believe CSBG is well positioned to again deliver annual growth in 2022. Let me now pivot to our gross margin performance. The June quarter came in at 45.2% above the midpoint of the guided range. Our fixed cost absorption improved somewhat with the higher output levels. However, we continue to have cost challenges in the areas of freight and logistics, semiconductors as well as in other critical components. We will continue to drive progress on improving our operational efficiencies. However, we expect inflationary pressures to be a persistent headwind in the second half of the year. Our September quarter guidance embeds our views on these factors. Operating expenses for June were $635 million, up slightly from March quarter. The increase was mainly in R&D across all of our business units as we are investing in development of technologies to support our customers long-term roadmaps as well as to mitigate some of the supply chain challenges we are having. The June quarter operating margin was 31.5% coming in over the guidance range as a result of the stronger than expected revenue performance. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 11%, generally in line with our expectations. We estimate the tax rate for calendar year 22 to be in the low-teens level. This estimate doesnt reflect any impact of any potential U.S. tax policy changes. And this is obviously something we continue to monitor closely and we will update you as appropriate. And just to remind you, as we have discussed in the past, you should expect the tax rate to fluctuate on a quarterly basis. Other income and expense for the June quarter was approximately $87 million in expense consistent with what we noted on our call last quarter as well as what was included in the June quarter guidance. We had an increase in expense this quarter related to market declines in one our venture investments that recently went public. The OI&E P&L line item is subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility due to items such as foreign exchange as well as impacts in the equity markets. We continue to execute on our capital return objectives during the June allocating $868 million towards share repurchases. We paid $208 million in dividends. Our share repurchase activity was a combination of open market repurchases as well as an accelerated share repurchase program. This ASR will continue to execute during the September quarter. Id also like to highlight that since calendar year 2012, when we brought Lam and Novellus together, we have returned approximately 115% or more than $20 billion of our free cash flow to equity holders. Our stated plan is to return 75% to 100% of free cash flow through a combination of buyback and dividends. June quarter diluted earnings per share, was $8.83. Diluted share count was 138 million shares, which was lower than the March quarter and lower than our June quarter expectation due to the increase in share repurchase activity. Let me turn to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, totaled $3.9 billion, which was down from $4.6 billion at the end of the March quarter. The decrease in the cash position was attributed to our capital return activity as well as our usage of cash for growth in working capital as well as continuing capital investments. We increased the level of inventory we are carrying to support our growing business volumes. Inventory turns were flat with the prior quarter level coming in at 2.6x. Days sales outstanding come in at 85 days, which was essentially flat with the March quarter. It again was a somewhat back-end weighted shipment quarter. Non-cash expenses for the June quarter included approximately $70 million for equity compensation, $69 million in depreciation and $19 million for amortization. Capital expenditures for the June quarter came in at $126 million, down by roughly $20 million from the March quarter level. Capital expenditures are supporting the company growth in manufacturing in multiple geographies, including the United States and Malaysia as well as research and development infrastructure investment in California, Oregon as well as our new technology center in Korea. We ended the June quarter with approximately 17,700 regular full-time employees, which was an increase of approximately 800 people from the prior quarter. We had headcount growth, primarily in the factory and field organizations to address the higher output levels, to manage supply chain constraints as well as to support increasing customer delivery and installation. Looking ahead, Id like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the September 2022 quarter. We are expecting revenue of $4.9 billion plus or minus $300 million; gross margin of 45%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. This gross margin outlook reflects ongoing inflationary challenges that we are seeing in the supply chain. Operating margins of 31.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $9.50 plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 137 million shares. So then in summary, Lam demonstrated an improved operational execution in the June quarter and delivered record financial performance both quarterly as well as on a fiscal year basis. While the semiconductor industry is not immune from softening macro factors that we see, Lams technology leadership, along with our robust installed base is a solid foundation for continued long-term growth for the company. And with that, operator, I will conclude my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call and take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and great job on the strong operational execution. As you mentioned in your prepared remarks, we have seen weakness materialize in the consumer-focused segments of the market, so PCs, smartphones, gaming. For your memory customers, that accounts for about 55% of their total revenue. So they are being disciplined here in the second half and into next year. They are focused on supply side discipline, a lower profile of CapEx spending. And then on the flipside, Foundry and Logic and IDM customers are seeing, I think a bit more diversified set of drivers, where demand is still relatively healthy. So given that your lead times are stretching into next year, if your customer base is becoming more cautious on the macro demand environment, I assume that they are modulating their orders down for shipments next year. Have you started to see this in your profile of your recent orders? And then maybe more near to mid-term, have you guys seen any major changes in cancellations or push-outs on scheduled deliveries for this year?
Tim Archer: Okay. I will take that question, Harlan. Its  I think, as you said, we clearly are seeing some weaknesses in certain parts of the market, and we have customers in the memory space and others have been publicly sounding the tone on being a little bit more cautious about their CapEx and spending going forward. I believe that weve also been saying, though, for several quarters now that we believe the memory customers have generally been quite disciplined in their spending and how they look at the market. I think its one of the things that has made that particular segment of the industry quite healthy in recent years, and that is that they respond fairly quickly to changes that they see in pricing and in demand. So thats something I think weve become accustomed to dealing with. Frankly, what Id say though on the demand side is that we really havent seen any significant change in the demand signals from our customers. And some of that could be, as you pointed out, that lead times remain stretched and I think people want to take some time to look at how this market is evolving from different drivers. But we certainly acknowledge that 23, there is a fair bit of uncertainty and there are different scenarios that could play out. But I think that Lam is well prepared to execute through whichever those scenarios actually transpire.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The only thing I might add, Harlan, is we know how to run the company whatever the environment is. Weve been doing it for a really long time. We know what the playbook needs to be. When its up, down or sideways, we will respond accordingly. And then when I think about the things Tim talked about, our positions are in stronger. We feel really good about the business were winning, the growing installed base, the company is executing really well. Thats the stuff we feel great about. At the end of the day, the market will be what the market will be, and we will manage the company in the right way depending on whatever that looks like.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Great insights. Thanks for that. And then supply chain-wise, I mean, the team did a great job of unlocking more component availability and subsystems availability given the strong upside in June. So given more availability, do you anticipate deferred revenues coming down in the September quarter as a part of your strong revenue guidance? And where are you seeing the biggest supply improvement? Is it component availability? Is it subsystems availability, freight and logistics or maybe all of the above?
Tim Archer: Yes, Ill take the first part and let Doug speak specifically maybe the deferred revenue. I think that we talked in the last couple of calls about having somewhere in the order of about 40 task forces deployed out to our critical customers. So we said the constraints were pretty broad-based. I mean clearly, things like IC component shortages have gotten a lot of attention. But instead it was broader than that. Weve seen improvements across a number of those constrained commodities. But we still have constraints. And thats  you see it in how were still spending, managing our supply chain in the numbers Doug talked about and also in the fact that deferred revenue actually continue to grow a little bit in the June quarter. So were nowhere near to where I would say that the supply chain overall is executing like it had in the past. But weve seen kind of broad improvements as a result, we think of specific actions Lam has taken. And Ill let Doug talk about the September deferred revenue.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, its hard enough to forecast a revenue number, let alone the deferred. But if I was going to give you some color around it, I kind of think its flattish, plus or minus a little bit. And again, it will depend on how well we progress with the supply chain, honestly.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Harlan.
Operator: We will take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. So I had a question just on overall WFE. So Tim and Doug, you beat on June, youre guiding better in September, and youre getting a little bit, a bit of improvement in terms of some of these constraints, yet the full year WFE is coming down a bit. So can you sort of square that a little bit. Is some of that maybe some demand driven thats bringing the year down or is even that mid-90s still a supply-constrained number?
Tim Archer: Yes, Tim, its  in our view, its primarily an adjustment weve made based on supply constraints and challenges. Since we gave our last guidance, which we had put at $100 billion of WFE, not only have we seen kind of how were performing, but weve also heard from others in the industry. And so we have to  in trying to give a WFE number look to how the entire industry is executing and not just how Lam is performing. And so we felt it prudent to lower that WFE outlook based on what look to be still a lot of industry-wide constraints. And so from a demand perspective, as I just said in the last answer, I really havent seen any meaningful change thats really embedded in that lowering of WFE. There is always some tools and projects that move around. But right now, as you see with our deferred revenue and the fact that were not meeting all demand, if anybody slides out a little bit, somebody else is sliding right into that slot. So were fully utilized at this point at the numbers we just gave.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Got it. Awesome. Thank you. And then, Doug, Id be remiss if I didnt ask about gross margin, someones going to ask about it. So I guess itll be me. So can you just
Doug Bettinger: Go ahead, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Sorry, Doug. Can you just  can you walk us through sort of maybe quantify the headwinds? And would we be at 48%, 48.5% if sort of absent some of these headwinds, can you sort of like normalize all that for us? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, the way Ive been describing it actually for a while now is the long-term profitability model of the company is unchanged. My expectation of where were going to perform isnt any different than it was pre-pandemic, pre-inflation coming through. The inflationary stuff thats permanent. We got to work on getting fairly paid for and the stuff thats temporary, maybe we get paid for a little bit, but then we got to go on the cost back. And so what was embedded in a financial model that we gave, I guess, over 2.5 years ago or something was kind of 200 basis points above where we are guiding right now, and thats still the way you should think about the long-term profitability of where were going to drive the business.
Tim Archer: And Tim, the only thing I would add on that point is there is a  there are a lot of questions obviously coming about is the industry slowing or there are some pockets that are going to ease up think if thats the case, some of the things that are headwinds to us in gross margin right now. I mean, a lot of the expedites and premiums that were paying on things like ICs, you would expect those to begin to moderate if some of the outlooks are that some of this demand either gets caught up or maybe or slows down a bit going forward. So I think there is room for gross margin improvement, as Doug said, over the longer run.
Timothy Arcuri: Definitely, yes. Its a natural hedge. Thank you very much.
Tim Archer: Yes, thanks, Tim.
Operator: We will take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. A follow-up question on gross margins. Your favorite subject, Doug, would love to isolate just on your factory ramp in Malaysia. Can you speak to how thats going, whether thats a headwind or beginning to be a tailwind for you? And how we should think about that escalating into a real tailwind for you guys? Is that a first half 23, second half, 23 or later type of story?
Doug Bettinger: Maybe Ill let Tim talk about how the ramp is going and Ill describe the numbers a little bit, C.J.
Tim Archer: Okay. Yes, sure. So C.J. is actually just out there not too long ago. Id say from an execution perspective and a lot of the improvement were looking at, Id say the Malaysia ramp is going extremely well. Were still in a ramping phase there, still in the mode of building out and developing the supply chain. Some of that, especially the supply chain development might be a little bit behind where we would have wanted to be at the volumes. And thats simply because supply chain globally is struggling to ramp. And whether thats raw materials or component shortages or labor. But I think its coming up very nicely. And I think what Doug gives you the answer about how it contributes, I mean, what we have to remember is that Malaysia is ramping at the same time as were ramping all of our global facilities. And so perhaps in the short run, youre seeing an easily isolatable impact of Malaysia because were ramping all other global factories at the same time. But from a ramp perspective, I couldnt be happier that right now with the scale of output and the efficiency I see starting to come out of that facility.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And then C.J., just how to think about the numbers. I think maybe a year ago, I was talking about it being somewhat of a headwind to gross margin. It really isnt any longer. Were kind of at the point where its neutral-ish. And as Tim just told you, were ramping everywhere as eventually that will be the biggest factor in the network. And as it gets to be a bigger percentage of the total, it will become a benefit to gross margin, not just from cost of labor, but the fact that our freight lanes will be shorter and the supply chain will move along with us. So Ill keep you updated as we progress.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think actually just  I want to emphasize that one point Doug just made because in my prepared remarks, I made this comment about part of our strategic transformation over the last couple of years was to put capabilities closer to where they ultimately need to be. And thats  in the case of development, closer to customers. And in the case of the factories closer to supply chains and also customers. And in a period when were seeing high freight and logistics costs, I mean, I think that ultimately having a large factory close to our customers in Asia is going to be a big benefit for us. So that was a very conscious decision. And I think its going to pay off as  we dont know when freight and logistics costs normalize, but thats a hedge against those remaining high for a while.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you. As my follow-up, I guess I was hoping you could speak a bit to Reliant. And to clarify, do you include Reliant when you break out the percentage of exposure logic, foundry memory? And then, I guess, bigger picture there, the trends youre seeing, particularly as it relates to 200-millimeter 40-nanometer and above and domestic China. Can you kind of walk through the trends youre seeing there? Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Ill take the beginning, and then Ill let Tim take the second part. Yes. C.J., when I talk about the percent of systems revenue in my scripted remarks, that includes Reliant as well as the more leading-edge equipment that were selling. So its all conclusive in terms of system revenue.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think just in terms of markets  end markets and the demand, I mean, I think we can speak as a user of many of those chips where we still see severe constraints and also very high premiums for those chips in the marketplace. I think customers are investing to try to alleviate what today is clearly a mismatch in terms of supply and demand. And thats across all different types of applications. I mean when I look at the list of ICs that that were looking for just as one user, its a broad list from a very broad number of manufacturers. So its hard for me to pin it down, but I feel like today, were still in a pretty broadly expanding and growing market.
C.J. Muse: Thanks so much.
Tim Archer: Thanks, C.J. Yes. You bet.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk about any potential for export controls. There is been some press focus really on some incremental controls on exports to China for advanced logic and things like that. Do you guys get any kind of sense for whats coming on the pike there and how that might affect you?
Tim Archer: Yes, Joe. So to tell you, we were recently notified that there was like  there was to be a broadening of the restrictions of technology shipments to China for fabs that are operating below 14-nanometer. And so thats the change I think that people have been thinking might be coming. And our  were prepared to fully comply. Were working with the U.S. government and any impact on Lams business its contemplated in the September guidance that we just gave.
Doug Bettinger: September guidance as well as the full year WFE outlook, Joe.
Joe Moore: Great. And that  is a 14-nanometer logic that doesnt include DRAM?
Tim Archer: Yes, to the best of our understanding, its foundry focused, yes.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tim Archer: Yes. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: We will take our next question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on the drivers within the customer service business, particularly around strength in spare parts and 200-millimeter tools? Im just trying to get some feeling for those pieces, especially just given the broader environment and some of the other news that weve heard around the macro and potential customer order cuts and things like that?
Tim Archer: Okay. Ill take the first shot at that. The  maybe as best to step back and just remind everybody, the CSBG business is comprised of four components, spares, services, upgrades and Reliant. One of the nice things about this business and what said we really like about it is those often kind of move in somewhat of a non-correlated way. I mean, spares clearly just moves with our installed base. And as I look forward, lot of people wondering what does 2023 look like, were not going to give guidance, but one thing we always feel pretty comfortable about is we have a very strong equipment shipment year this year. There will be a lot more tools requiring spares and consumables next year. And so that part of the business, it grows. And in fact, what weve said is, as devices become more complex, and our applications become more critical, the fact that the need for spares and the importance of spares just continues to grow. So spares is just a robust and growing. The services business has been also strong. I talked about the shift in strategic transformation were making towards more equipment intelligence type services. And as customers kind of look forward, if customers start focusing on productivity and costs and really trying to squeeze the output from their fabs without having to spend additional CapEx, they turn to things like productivity services, results-based contracts, use of data off of the tools. So I think services has been doing well. And I think can continue to do well even in an environment where maybe you see a little bit of impact of macro or spending pulled back. Same for upgrades. Upgrades business actually, Ive often said over the years that upgrades tend not to do so well when customers are busy adding lots of capacity because they are actually adding capacity, new tools really focused on that. if they pull back a little bit, the way they save CapEx and still manage their technology road maps as they turn to upgrades and tech conversions. And so the upgrades business gets a little bit stronger. And so that business, we think, can continue to do well and maybe even improve in next years environment. And then Reliant, as we just said, a lot of catch-up to do I think there have been significant underinvestment for quite some time in that area as evidenced by the fact that many of us cant get the chips that we actually need to meet demand. And so there is some catch-up still there. Eventually, maybe that gets caught up we dont really have a view on when that fully happens. Its a very diverse set of end markets and application drivers. So its hard to predict. But clearly, at some point, it probably moderates in terms of growth, and its back more towards the steady grower tied kind of to the overall application expansion in the economy that weve seen for in past years.
Stacy Rasgon: I guess maybe I should have asked more explicitly what drove the sequential strength in services? So which one of these pieces was the biggest?
Doug Bettinger: It was both spares as well as Reliant, thats why I called that out in my script, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Got it. Thank you. For my follow-up, Im going to ask  this is going to come across a little snarky, but I think Im going to ask it anyways. I get the inflationary pressures on gross margins. But all of your customers seem at this point to be inflation proof in terms of their input costs going up and their ability to pass the long out. Why arent you?
Tim Archer: So Stacy, I think  and Ive been saying this, I think, for a quarter or two. I dont want you to believe that were not raising prices, because we are. I think maybe to our detriment, inflation has been bigger, stronger, more pronounced than we expected that it would be, honestly. And there is some latency to kind of renegotiating prices and whatnot, and thats very much whats going on. And it wasnt a star comment. I get the comment all the time. Its an appropriate comment. Were working on getting fairly compensated for what we need to and we will.
Stacy Rasgon: So how much of a driver do you think of Im looking at like a year or two as that latency goes away? I mean, is it 100 bps? Is it more like how much can we be or is that what helps you kind of get back to the model range?
Tim Archer: Yes. Its what helps us get back to the model range. What I said earlier is the long-term profitability expectation for the company is unchanged, even though were working our way through this inflationary environment, its probably 200 basis points from where we are to where we need to be.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay, thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Tim Archer: Yes. Stacy, thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. The first one for Doug. Clearly, the last several quarters have been really strong. Youve grown your headcount a lot. Hypothetically speaking, if next year was down in terms of revenue, say, 5% or 10%, how should we think about the earnings model and operating leverage? And then I had a follow-up for Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Krish, I guess the best thing I would point you to is just look at the history of the companys performance over the last decade, right? We know how to run the company in an up environment, in a down environment, we have a highly variable cost model here. We employ temporary resources, we outsource things. The best thing I would point to is just look at the last downturn and the same management team running the company, we will do the same things. Its a well-worn playbook that we know how to dust off and use when we need to.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Fair enough, Doug. And then a question for Jim, maybe this is the first time. Im noticing youll talk about advanced packaging on the earnings deck. Im kind of curious on your advanced packaging strategy. Some of your peers have partnered with back in companies that were looking into panels. How should we think your advanced packaging portfolio should evolve? Are you looking at organic development, M&A or partnership with a back-end company?
Tim Archer: Well, I think that were looking at  look, advanced packaging is an important area for Lam to participate in and we have for quite some time. So I actually dont know if its the first time weve talked about it because I have to believe we have talked about it in the past. But weve talked about it primarily from the standpoint that etch and deposition play an incredibly important role in these new architectures. And we have a strong position, especially in applications like  well, both the etch as well as the copper electroplating. As form factors change, we look at that as still our market, and therefore, we will evaluate and pursue whatever the best means is to win in those emerging segments, whether thats organic or inorganic.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks, Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: We will take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you so much for taking the question. Its really nice to see your action in logic and other show up in your numbers in the quarter. To level set, I was hoping you could sort of quantify where you are from a market share standpoint across those markets today vis--vis the corporate average in etch and dep? And where do you see that going in a couple of years, given the current application win funnel?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. If you look at logic specifically, its probably our lowest exposure across the markets that we described. However, I will remind you, Toshiya that we have been talking about a specific share gain customer that we continue to progress very nicely with, which is part of the strength you saw in the results from June.
Tim Archer: Yes. And Toshiya, I guess I would just add, I mean there is a couple of things to think about with respect to the foundry logic space. And one is our exposure is lower from a SAM perspective and has been. But actually, some of the technology inflections that are currently underway are actually allowing us to participate with some of our more advanced equipment to displace some of the older technologies that have typically been used in foundry logic. And so you are seeing a lot of traction for our selective etch. We didnt list all of the wins this quarter. We continue to see new selections for our selective etch tools. Thats only going to be used at very advanced logic and its kind of new markets, new opportunity for us, and we are doing well there. ALD of both dielectrics and metallization used to deal with like the RC inflection, the back-end interconnect inflection. Thats creating opportunities for us. And so I think that we are seeing a little bit of like share gain at certain customers, as Doug mentioned, but also an expansion of our opportunity, and thats driving a lot of our new product roadmap. We have an objective to improve our position in foundry logic for more advanced notes.
Toshiya Hari: Yes, thats helpful. Thank you. And then as my follow-up probably one for you, Tim, just on dry resist, its great to see you guys have traction there as well. Obviously, SK hynix is public. I am pretty sure you are working with other customers on this as well. But help us quantify how significant this business or this product could be in a couple of years? And as you partially sort of displace traditional track or coated developers. What percentage of the market do you think you can capture in a couple of years? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I think I dont want to get out with sort of the new disclosures here, but I think we are  we have quantified it in the past is roughly about a $1.5 billion opportunity over a 5-year period. And you are just starting to see us  we talked about development tool of record wins. So, obviously, we are not yet putting this into a production fab and developing revenue, so we would be at the very first stage of that. But that should give you some kind of sense maybe in the next 5 years of kind of revenue impact you are talking about. But this is still a much longer play for us. And I talked about this idea of accelerating the development of the driver is for the high NA EUV. And so if you think EUV is going to be around for the next 10 years, 20 years as the primary patterning capability for advanced logic, then our opportunity just continues to grow throughout that period. So, it starts off in the next 5 years, about $1.5 billion and then just continues to grow with layer count and application. And we think that as you get to high NA EUV, I think its we have a good just to capture a lot of the market.
Toshiya Hari: And Tim, sorry, when you say 5 years, I know you guys initially talked about the, say, your 2022 Analyst Day, is it 5 years from then or 5 years from today?
Tim Archer: Well, I dont know  I guess I will just start the clock now because, as I said, we have only reported a development tool of record positions today, obviously, which we havent yet started to generate revenue from. So, its  yes, I think you could call it 5 years from today, its a safer bet than 5 years from our Analyst Day.
Toshiya Hari: Sounds good. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks Toshiya.
Operator: We will take our next question from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I have a question for both of you. It looks like Senate has passed the CHIPS Act. Tim, you along with Intel and Micron CEOs, you spoke to Congress in March about the importance of passing this legislation. So, assuming it goes through Congress and the present signs off. Can you talk about what this bill means for the U.S. equipment makers? And Doug, if you can talk about what  how will it impact Lam in terms of tax breaks or in terms of market share growth in logic foundry areas? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, obviously, its a significant benefit for the U.S. semiconductor manufacturing industry overall. I think most directly, what I would say is that Lams benefit from this will come in two ways. One is as our customers invest in capabilities in the U.S. and capacity, and obviously, we are hopeful that we will garner a large share of the equipment thats purchased for those fabs. And so thats one way in which money is from that flow through ultimately into business for Lam. Specifically, when I was in front of the Senate, one of the things that I talked about is, I think long-term, if you think about long-term improvement for U.S. companies and U.S. semiconductor manufacturing has to do with some of the R&D money thats in that, I believe, in the CHIPS Act, which is going to fund longer term capabilities that help semiconductor device makers, but also equipment makers develop those next-generation technologies that keep us incredibly competitive on the global stage and allow us to create those technologies without having to necessarily fund and take on all of that risk ourselves as individual companies, which is always hard to do for technologies that might be 7 years, 8 years, 10 years into the future. So, thats the other way I would say that companies, both device makers and equipment makers can benefit. We need to see all the details, but thats my financial take.
Doug Bettinger: Are there Atif any follow-up?
Atif Malik: No, I am good, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks. I had two questions. First one, is this $4.9 billion that you are guiding to for September? Is this kind of the new quarterly baseline? So, all else being equal, should we expect December sales and gross margins to potentially be flat or up? I appreciate you are not giving December outlook, but is there anything that could make you deviate from this new trend line that you have June stronger and then September even stronger than that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Vivek, you are right. I am not going to guide the December quarter for you. Listen, I think we are pretty pleased with the progress from a supply chain standpoint we made in the June quarter. It continues to be reflected in the September quarter, barring something new coming up. I think our execution will continue. And that largely has been what has limited the revenue generation of the company. And you see  you heard me mention the $2.2 billion in deferred revenue. So, thats there for us to follow-up on. But I am not going to give you a number for December quite yet.
Vivek Arya: Understood. And then the second one is just a clarification. What is your sub-14 nanometer exposure to China? I didnt think there was any or not that much. And do the restrictions apply to just China domestic, or do you think they could apply to the multinationals with fabs in China?
Doug Bettinger: At this point, we would assume that it applies to all sub-14 nanometer activity in China. And we are not going to quantify what we might have or had in our plans for sub-14.
Vivek Arya: But Tim, just to clarify, September, you said is de-risked, i.e., there is zero sub-14 nanometer China business for you in your September outlook?
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, the guidance fully reflects everything that we just described.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Youre welcome.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a clarification and a question. The clarification, Tim, I think it was an earlier question about whether you were seeing push-outs or cancellations. It sounded like you said that you are not seeing any impact on your demand, but I just want to make sure I understood your response to that question? And then my question is, can you help us understand the mechanics of your manufacturing operations or how you deal with the slots that you have before you allocate to your different customers as the orders have come in. If somebody  what kind of latitude do your customers have as they come in and say, well, I dont know if I want the tool now, I prefer it in three months, do you guys split up slots in the queue, or do you just send people back to the end of the line. If you could just kind of review the mechanics around how you treat the orders as they come in and what happens to customers who ask for the push-outs? That would be helpful. Thank you very much.
Tim Archer: Sure. I can try to address both of them. So, yes, just to be clear, my comment was at this point, we have seen no push-outs and changes in demand, no push-outs, no cancellations that are all meaningful. However, I mean I want to acknowledge, I mean its with long lead times and stretching through 23 and a cautious tone being struck by some of our customers quite publicly. I am not saying that we might not ultimately see those changes come. So, just saying that we have seen none doesnt mean that, that might not happen. And so at this point at  the commitments that we have today are being met, and that was what I was trying to signal. I think with those long lead times, it moves into your second question, which is, so what if a customer does come and say they would like to push a project by a few months or even longer or we treat it the same way we are doing right now when customers come and have asked us to pull in the slots. We work with all of our customers to see where people really are in their projects and their demand. And we have not ultimate flexibility within our manufacturing, but I talked about the fact that we are  we have invested in the last 2 years to try to create greater operational flexibility. And part of it is so that we can respond in that way. I mean we are  we treat our customers very much like partners and need to push for a couple of months because maybe its either demand or likely sometimes if the facilities arent quite ready or there is a change in their plans. We have got to work with them and make those adjustments, if its possible.
Mark Lipacis: Got it. Thank you very much. Very helpful.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks Mark.
Operator: We will take our next question from Patrick Ho with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much and congrats on the nice quarter. Doug, maybe for you in terms of the supply chain, obviously, you have seen some improvements in the past quarter that will carry incidents next quarter. Are some of the issues now just related to the quantity of shipments because its still going to be a more second half weighted year for you guys. So, even with some of the incremental improvements on the supply chain, its now just trying to I guess, continue to keep pace with the high demand levels that you are seeing near-term? And thats why the deferred revenues are staying at the same levels at least as you are forecasting to the September quarter?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Patrick. Thats clearly part of it, right. We have got unmet demand. We have got partial shipments that shows up as deferred revenue. Each supplier has a unique situation that we are working through with them to the extent that they are not meeting what we need from them. But yes, we increased  improved the output last quarter, and we see that continuing as we go into September.
Patrick Ho: Great. And as a quick follow-up, maybe for Tim. Obviously, you have been working with a leading MPU customer for some time now, and we are starting to see the share gains and the higher quantity of volume as they start ramping new products. But you have been working with them for some time. As you work with them and given their more accelerated roadmaps in terms of technology nodes, can you maybe not quantify, but qualitatively say that you have seen some incremental new market opportunities, and thats what gives you confidence with that customer on a going-forward basis?
Tim Archer: I guess I brought it to all customers. I mean to speak to the one, but I think what we have always said is that Lams greatest opportunities get created as those technology changes, those technology transitions occur. And I spoke to a couple of you, just as an example, you think about somebody implementing gate all around in, say, their next technology node or future technology. It does create new opportunities for us, and we have designed equipment kind of ahead of where the roadmaps are. And so the faster those technology changes come, the sooner we get the opportunity to insert those new applications into their production lines in a bigger way. And so we have talked about some of those selective etch, some of our new ALD tools. Of course, its some of our etch systems that are designed for  to really support the fine pitch patterning associated with EUV. So, EUV like at each technology node, we use more and more layers of EUV that grows for us. And so every customer, the faster they transition technology, the greater stems Lams sort of market is growing and the greater our share opportunity is increasing.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Patrick.
Operator: We will take our next question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to follow-up on the demand outlook. I mean I hear you said you havent seen much. I mean I am just looking at the areas that you mentioned being strong. And I think we have seen a lot of those same areas see weakness image sensors and MCUs, APs, I mean, Qualcomm that they are caught up on supply. So, I know thats not your forecast. You get them from the customers. But I am just kind of curious, you have been through this before. When you look downstream, you definitely see weakness. I am just kind of curious if you  what you have actually seen yet, obviously, memory same story, you are hearing about the CapEx cuts, just trying to fit all this into the picture versus I know you are still catching up. So, I dont know what the right starting point is, but clearly, you are seeing downstream weakness.
Tim Archer: Yes. Blayne, obviously, as we acknowledge, we are clearly hearing customers strike a more cautious tone. We see whats going on around  within the macro. And so we havent given the 2023 outlook, to be clear. And I think what we are saying is that if as demand  if demand changes and as demand changes, Lam is set up to operate effectively within whatever that environment is. And clearly, we have different scenarios. But the key is, as we look forward, things like our larger installed base business will be helpful for us, regardless of what the environment looks like. The improvements we have made, say, in our foundry exposure with new share gains and SAM expansion, that will be a positive regardless of what the end demand looks like. Higher etch and dep intensity due to the technology inflections, its true regardless of what the end demand is. And the fact that we have a more diverse and more efficient and more effective global manufacturing infrastructure. That will also be helpful regardless of what the demand is. So, I think what we are trying to highlight is we are not going to be the best at forecasting probably no better than anybody else and really know exactly what 2023 is going to be looking like. So, we do believe we have a pretty good view of how Lam can execute very well within whatever that environment is.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for that. And then you might have answered this before, but just on the deferred revenue balance. I was just curious, you are seeing people start to catch up. I know you mentioned that it could be flat in September, but just trying to understand the challenges, are you still having certain subsystems that you cant get, or is it more like you are just getting high orders in the door and the balance keeps going up? Just trying to understand why that hasnt started to work its way down?
Tim Archer: Well, its just  one, its a higher volume of output we are trying to achieve. And quite frankly, its just all components. And I would say, everything is sort of improving. But in general, there is quite still a number of quantities that arent able to meet down that new higher level that we want for the output. And so it just continues to increase. So, I couldnt point to one specific thing, but I would say that in general, I am happy with the improvements we are seeing across a broad array of our suppliers. And so I said I thank them for their efforts because I do see that incremental improvement and expect further improvement as we move to September.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Blayne.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please?
Operator: Okay. We will take our final question from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Another question on the Reliant business, its pretty well known that the third-party reseller market for tools has been pretty limited on supply. How do we think about that market competing against the Reliant business? And then how should we think about that if that supply of tools, used tools maybe increasing if demand does start to slow from the end market semiconductors perspective?
Doug Bettinger: Joe, I guess the first thing I would point out to you was, yes, historically thats been a segment of a market service by a lot of used equipment today. There isnt any used equipment or very little. And as a result of that, we are selling older modeled new equipment into the Reliant product line, right? Demand is  there isnt anything coming to be refurbished today. So, I dont know, Tim do you want
Tim Archer: Yes. No. I think thats clearly the case. Most of that, if not all of that equipment at this point is being fully utilized.
Joe Quatrochi: But I guess do you see that changing if demand were to slow from an end semiconductor perspective? Do you see the amount of tools coming in to be refurbished somewhat changing, or do you think customers maybe continue to kind of hold that capacity?
Tim Archer: I dont see that changing in a very significant way. I mean these assets once they are into these fabs, I mean we tend to see our tools used for 20 years to 30 years producing tips of some different technology nodes. So, I think as far as its been to get equipment, anything many of these customers will definitely keep hold of those systems.
Joe Quatrochi: Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Joe.
Operator: This concludes todays question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to you presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator. We appreciate everyone joining our call today, and thank you all for your support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the March quarter 2022 earnings conference call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia. Please, go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the March 2022 quarter and our outlook for the June 2022 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website, along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina. Lam reported revenues of $4.06 billion and earnings per share of $7.40 in a severely supply-constrained environment. While we were able to deliver results within our guided ranges, I am disappointed that we are not performing better in a very strong demand environment for our equipment and services. Continued component shortages, along with new challenges that emerged, including COVID-related lockdowns, along with exacerbated an already stressed supply chain situation. As a result of the larger range of issues, our original expectation for the timing of output recovery proved to be optimistic. In response, we have intensified the focus across Lam. We are committing the financial resources and workforce required to both meet our customers' priority tool needs in the short term, as well as increase the long-term resiliency of our global supply network. Our recovery efforts span from embedding Lam experts at key suppliers to collaborate on shortages, to increasing field resources to accelerate installation of tools once shipped. Customers are partnering with us to qualify additional component suppliers, and we have assigned more engineering resources to work on design and sourcing for alternative parts to improve supply chain flexibility. Despite the issues we still face, I am thankful for the tremendous efforts from Lam employees, our suppliers and our customers through this challenging period. While the near-term pace of supply chain recovery is difficult to assess, we are confident that our actions will result in progressive improvement in our performance on a go-forward basis. Our deferred revenue balance exiting the March quarter was over $2 billion, as we shipped systems to customers to accelerate tool installation, but could not recognize this revenue within the quarter due to the lack of certain critical components. Doug will elaborate more on the deferred revenues in his prepared remarks. On the demand side, the environment remains very strong. While continued supply-related delays could potentially limit how much wafer fabrication equipment investment can be executed in 2022, our current WFE view is still in the $100 billion range. We see unconstrained demand exceeding $100 billion in 2022 and any unmet demand should flow into next year. Our confidence is rooted in the fact that the powerful secular drivers of WFE spending are unchanged. Greater semiconductor content, rising device complexity and larger die sizes all contribute to a healthy setup for sustainably strong WFE levels. An example of this can be seen in the smartphone segment, where unit growth may be flattening year-over-year due to inflationary-driven softness in consumer markets, but the average NAND and DRAM content is increasing around 20% year-over-year, driving demand for WFE.  In servers, we see overall growth in both units and content with server DRAM content per CPU growing in the 20% range from the prior year. On top of this, the drivers of Lam-specific growth are also unchanged. Etch and deposition are critical technologies required to transition semiconductor manufacturing to higher performance and more scalable 3D device architectures in memory, foundry/logic and advanced packaging. Lam's leadership position in key enabling technologies for 3D devices, evidenced by our installed base in leading-edge fabs worldwide, is a solid foundation for long-term outperformance.  And with our continuing investment in an exceptional pipeline of new products and services, we are increasingly well positioned to win at the 3D inflections. On the technology front, we are winning new applications across etch and deposition and across all device segments. We are strengthening our overall market position by delivering differentiated solutions that enable higher aspect ratio structures, enhanced device performance and increased manufacturing productivity. Over the past two calendar years, Lam's total revenue growth has exceeded that of our large peers. This is in part due to our gains in the foundry/logic market, where we were historically under-indexed. And it is also a result of our success in expanding our CSBG installed base opportunities. Through innovations like Lam's Equipment Intelligence solutions, we are helping address our customers' capacity constraints by utilizing vast quantities of tool data to improve system performance and enable faster tool installations.  In the March quarter, we expanded on our selective etch wins at a large foundry/logic customer. At the same time, we have added new wins in our conductor etch business. In one example, we are set to double our conductor etch share at a key foundry/logic customer as they transition to their next node. At another leading foundry/logic customer, we have successfully replaced a competitor's tool at a critical step by helping the customer accelerate their move to the newer node.  Key to our traction in these wins is our ability to enhance our product offerings with Equipment Intelligence solutions to deliver the best etch uniformity and improve yield, thereby addressing customers' cost and performance requirements as they execute their scaling roadmaps.  In deposition, we continue to see significant momentum for both our ALD metals and dielectric solutions for leading-edge foundry/logic nodes. In DRAM, where the highest performance devices are adopting more advanced CMOS technology like high-K metal gate transistors, we have leveraged our foundry/logic success to win new applications in the DRAM 1b [ph] node. As customers ramp capacity on these nodes, our etch share in this segment is set to expand.  In deposition, our critical spacer applications enable lower-capacitance thinner films to support further device size and power scaling. In the March quarter, we secured two wins for critical spacers at a large DRAM customer for their leading node. In the NAND segment, we also won a highly contested decision at a key customer where we demonstrated a superior ALD solution for a critical transition to a next-generation low-resistance enabling film for their Worldline applications. Shifting to our CSBG business, results were down modestly in the March quarter, predominantly due to the global supply constraints that impacted our reliance and upgrades businesses. While CSBG is subject to quarterly fluctuations, we believe our expanding installed base over a longer period offers a stable platform for revenue growth. During the March quarter, we secured fairs contracts at two of the world's largest IDMs with the cumulative contract amount exceeding $1 billion. We see calendar year 2022 to be another strong growth year for our CSBG business. So, to wrap-up, we believe we are making progress on the extraordinary industry supply challenges, but overcoming the breadth of issues that have emerged is taking longer than we initially expected. We are focused on meeting the critical needs of our customers and have committed both the financial resources and workforce required to recover as quickly as possible. With continued strength in the equipment demand environment and progressive improvement in our supply chain, we do expect Lam to post another solid year of revenue and EPS growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Excellent. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call today during what I know is a busy earnings season. In the March 2022 quarter, we delivered results within the guidance ranges for all our financial metrics. However, we missed the midpoint for all numbers. As Tim discussed, we experienced broadening supply chain issues that negatively impacted our revenue as well as our profitability. Delays in securing critical parts needed for shipments of our tools hindered our ability to meet our revenue objective and led to increased spending as we focused on initiatives to mitigate these constraints. Deferred revenue grew by over $600 million. The magnitude of the increase reflects the heightened degree of part shortages that we're experiencing, which impacts our ability to recognize revenue on tools that we've actually shipped. Our inventory balance also increased as we're procuring the parts that we can in building to meet the growing unmet demand that we see. On the margin side, we have headwinds from adding resources to address the supply chain challenges as well as to be prepared for the higher volumes we see in the second half. Additionally, we have ongoing supply-related inflationary pressures. We were able to partially offset the gross margin headwinds through operating expense management during the quarter. As a result, March operating income and earnings per share came in closer to the midpoint of our guidance. We see ongoing cost and supply constraint challenges continuing to impact our guidance for the June quarter. Let me now turn to the details of our revenue for the March quarter. Revenue came in at $4.06 billion, a decrease from the December quarter. The memory segment was sequentially stronger in the March quarter with concentration of 66% of systems revenues. This was up from the prior quarter level of 58%. The strength in memory during the quarter was led by the DRAM segment where we had a record level of revenue for the company and a percent concentration at 27% of systems revenues. This compares with 23% that we saw in the December quarter. The DRAM investments were primarily for 1z and 1-alpha node additions as well as conversions. The NAND segment was 39% of our systems revenue, higher than the 35% in the prior quarter. Our NAND customers are investing in tools for 128-layer to 192-layer devices. In foundry, March quarter revenue comprised 21% of our systems revenue versus 31% that we saw in December. The decrease quarter-to-quarter is related to the timing of customer investments. There continues to be solid investments in this segment to address end demand drivers such as AI, IoT, cloud, high-performance computing and 5G. I would expect to see increases in this segment as we progress through the year related to both leading as well as mature node device investments. We see continued progress in the Logic/Other segment, which contributed 13% of systems revenue in the March quarter and is a record in terms of revenue dollars. We're seeing good traction here, notably in etch, as we expect continued growth in this segment during calendar year 2022 as our customers invest to meet the demand requirements in the market for microprocessors, image sensors and advanced packaging solutions. I'll now turn to the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at 31% of total revenue. The split of the China revenues was fairly balanced between the domestic and multinational customers that have fab locations in China. There was also a strong concentration of investments by our customers in the Korea and Taiwan regions, which comprised 24% and 16% of our total revenues, respectively, in the March quarter. The Customer Support Business Group revenue was approximately $1.4 billion, which was down 5% from the prior quarter. CSBG was 8% higher than the March quarter of calendar 2021. Our reliance and upgrade product line revenues were negatively impacted in the March quarter by the ongoing supply chain constraints. Nonetheless, there continues to be healthy demand in the specialty market across numerous customers as well as investments by our customers for upgrades across their installed fleet of tools. Our spares business remains strong, given the high utilization levels in the industry, and we're also seeing solid customer pull for services for the same reason. As we've noted in the past, CSBG's can fluctuate on a quarterly basis but our expectations continue to be that this business will grow annually. Let me now shift to our gross margin performance. The March quarter came in at 44.7%. We are experiencing a multitude of cost pressures with increases in freight and logistics rates, raw materials costs driven by commodities such as nickel and aluminum, as well as increased integrated circuit costs. Our June quarter guidance reflects our expectations for a sustained level of cost headwinds, as we manage through and adapt to this inflationary environment. Operating expenses for March were $621 million, down from the prior quarter level of $627 million. We managed our overall spending levels during the quarter, while continuing our focus on supporting our emerging customers' technology road maps. We are also deploying incremental R&D resources towards qualifying new supply sources to help improve our supply chain challenges. Incentive compensation expenses that, as you know, are tied to the company's profitability, were also lower in the quarter. The March quarter operating margin was 29.4%. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was approximately 10%. And as I've shared with you in the past, the tax rate will have some fluctuations from quarter to quarter. Looking into calendar year 2022, we expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low teens level. And I just mentioned that we continue to monitor potential tax changes in the United States that are under discussion. But given the uncertainty there, we've not yet reflected the impact of any changes in our modeling. Other income and expense came in for the quarter at approximately $44 million in expense. And I'll just remind you, in the December quarter, we had income for this line item due to a gain in one of our venture investments that had raised capital in a public offering. We also had favorable results from our venture investments since the time we set guidance that contributed positively in the March quarter by approximately $0.11 in earnings per share. OI&E is subject to market-related fluctuations that will cause some level of volatility in this P&L line item. We're forecasting a more negative OI&E impact in June's guidance based on what we currently see in the equity markets. We were active in our buybacks during the March quarter, allocating over $1.2 billion towards share repurchases. The cash was deployed in a combination of open market repurchases, as well as an accelerated share repurchase program. The ASR will continue to execute during the June quarter. We paid $211 million in dividends during the March quarter as well. March quarter diluted earnings per share was $7.40. Diluted share count was 140 million shares, which was lower than the December quarter and less than our March quarter expectation due to the increased share repurchase activity. Let me shift to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, ended at $4.6 billion, which was down from the prior quarter level of $5.6 billion. The decrease was primarily driven by the capital return activities that I just spoke about. Additionally, operating cash was at a somewhat lower level this quarter due in parts to the investments we're making in inventory to help mitigate some of the supply challenges. Inventory turns were down from the prior quarter level, coming in at 2.6 times. Also, due to the timing of customer shipments occurring later in the quarter, our days sales outstanding came in at 83 days, which was an increase from 73 days that we saw in the December quarter. Non-cash expenses for the March quarter included approximately $69 million in equity compensation, $64 million in depreciation and $20 million for amortization. Capital expenditures in the March quarter were approximately $145 million, which was fairly flat with the December level. Capital expenditures were mainly focused for growth activities such as our silicon spare parts facility in Ohio, the Malaysia factory expansion and the new Korea Technology Center. We had approximately 16,900 regular full-time employees as of the end of the March quarter, which is an increase of approximately 600 people from the prior quarter. We had headcount growth primarily in the factory and field organizations to address supply chain constraints, while supporting customer deliveries and installations.  Let me now shift and look at our non-GAAP guidance for the June 2022 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $4.2 billion, plus or minus $300 million. While customer demand continues to be strong, we see ongoing supply chain constraints. Gross margin of 44.5%, plus or minus one percentage point. Our guidance reflects expectations of an inflationary cost environment and the continuing need to very tactically manage the execution in the supply chain. Operating margins of 29.5%, plus or minus one percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $7.25, plus or minus $0.75 based on the share count of approximately 139 million shares.  So then let me wrap things up. Our execution in the March quarter came in a little short of our expectations. While we work through incremental challenges with our supply chain that is continuing to limit our output, demand remains robust. Exiting the March quarter, we had our sixth consecutive quarter of growing backlog. Visibility to end demand is high. We have a solid foundation in our share position, with strong traction to-date and new opportunities going forward in all market segments.  Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. We tend to think about the supply chain challenges as slowing the growth of new capacity or new technology migrations. But as the supply chain challenges have continued to broaden out, is it now to a point where it's starting to potentially impact your customers' installed manufacturing operations to your CSBG business, either capping shipments of spares, targets? I know CSBG was down about 5% sequentially in a period where your customers continued to run pretty much full out of manufacturing utilizations. And I know that you said CSBG was mostly impacted by reliant and upgrades. So, is it fair to assume that the services segment, that part of it which supports your customers' installed manufacturing operations, is not being impacted by supply chain challenges?
Tim Archer: Yes, Harlan, that's a -- it's a good question, and I guess I'd just remind everybody that the CSBG business is made up of four different product lines, as we just mentioned, spares, services, upgrades and then the reliant, which is the more mature node systems. And each of those is kind of impacted differently. If you look at what is the top priority for customers and the top priority for Lam is to keep all of the installed base, which now numbers something over 75,000 systems running every single day inside of those fabs. And so we're not going to compromise normal customers on spare parts, for instance. And so as we think about priorities here, you put the -- in terms of the spares and installed base runs services. I talked a little bit about Equipment Intelligence. We're looking for ways where you can work around some of the constraints. I mean, Equipment Intelligence, using data to determine when do I really have to replace parts? How do I -- how frequently do I really have to do preventative maintenance to keep the performance of the tool where I need it to be? And so I would say services actually, there's probably a little bit of an uptick in demand for us to do more services on the tool. But what does get impacted, Reliant Systems, those are tools. They are affected by the same constraints as our leading-edge systems. They need all of those components. They have communications, they need chips, they need other things. So, those are impacted just the same way as leading edge. And then upgrades, similarly, most of the upgrades we're doing are actually components that would also go into new systems. So, we work with customers to see which is the right priority call. Is it to put the new system on the particular quarter, you can see that we're talking about some impact to the upgrades business. So, hopefully, that helps explain how kind of those different segments get affected. But as I said, over the longer period, the installed base will continue to grow. It grows every single quarter, and we expect the CSBG business to expand in line with that.
Doug Bettinger: And Harlan, maybe the only other thing I would add is spares, I think, is in a better situation because our customers hold some inventory. We hold inventory. There's always been a historic level of inventory. And so I think that's part of the reason why we don't believe we're impacting the installed base. Probably has got a little bit of inventory sitting there.
Harlan Sur: Great. No, thanks for the insights. That's very helpful. And Doug, I know the situation is still pretty fluid, but given yours and your suppliers' purchase commitments on components, you're boosting support and logistical resources and then you've got the ramp of Malaysia, which I'm assuming has continued to go as planned, and then you also have your forecasted shipments for the second half. You put all of that together, like how should we think about gross margins through the second half of this year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Harlan, as I sit here today, I do believe that gross margin will improve as we progress through the year. I'll remind you that I said that same thing last quarter and then we ticked down a little bit and missed our number a little bit in March, so I'll acknowledge we don't always get it right. But as we sit here today, I expect it will improve as we progress through the year and as we improve the supply chain output capability, Harlan.
Harlan Sur: All right. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Harlan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. My first one, Doug, is just implied in your June quarter guide, do you expect deferred revenue to go up, flat or down? And then I guess as you think about maintaining the $100 billion WFE for the full calendar year, does that sort of imply that the $1 billion buildup you've seen in deferred revenue in December and March comes down by $1 billion in the back half of the year? Just help me understand how that dynamic works.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, John, I mean, if I was guessing right now, I think deferred probably grows a little bit again in June, and then I hope begin to work our way through some of it as the supply chain gets caught up. I mean, there's $2 billion sitting there at the end of the quarter that we just need to ship parts to things we've already shipped. The base tool, too, in revenue will benefit from that.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then my follow-up for Tim. Tim, I'm struck a little bit by, in the PowerPoint, you talked about maintaining the $100 billion for this year but you talk about unconstrained WFE being above that. I guess, what's the risk that oftentimes constraints create its own demand and customers, because they can't get what they want, they're just placing significantly larger orders into your backlog than they would be otherwise? And I guess, is there a significant financial consequence if a customer comes back and reschedules delivery and timing later on?
Tim Archer: Yeah. So it's a good question. And I think first of all, I mean, we usually get a question around whether that order is placed with multiple suppliers, which is not very common in the equipment space. So to your point, perhaps instead is the demand being overstated to try to drive a sense of urgency. I think that's kind of what you were pointing out. We have very close and frequent discussions with customers. And I think what we're pointing out is that even if there is a little bit of that, which I don't actually believe there is, but if there were, unconstrained demand is well over what can be supplied this year. And therefore, we felt comfortable saying that, we're driving for that execution to the $100 billion WFE level. From a financial implications perspective, either to Lam or the customers, it depends on how close you are when the rescheduling occurs. If we're talking about tools that are and a forecast that's now through the remainder of this year, and some of these forecasts are now pushing into second half of 2023. There is really no financial implication to Lam other than we're driving to ensure that our capacity and our supply chain would have capability to ramp up to those levels. And so that's  it probably depends on very much the timing of the change and that would affect kind of the implications.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Tim Archer: Yep. Thank you, John.
Operator: We'll take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I'm trying to get an idea of what the second half calendar year ramp might look like. If you assume your share just holds steady with WFE at $95 billion to $100 billion, it's implying a tool ramp of like 25% to 40% half-on-half. And so I guess, what are you capable of doing, given the resources you have? And should we be thinking about a pickup in Q3 and then a larger one in Q4 and how should we think about the progression of gross margins as the recovery unfolds?
Tim Archer: Well, I'll take the ramp question. I mean, clearly, we  as I mentioned, kind of feel like we're underperforming in the first half of this year to the capacity of Lam's facilities. We invested in expanding every factory we have around the world in 2021, and we talked about the fact that we can ramp those factories further. We're constrained by supply. We are qualifying additional suppliers. We're working and investing with our suppliers to ramp up their own capacity. And maybe we need to distinguish a little bit too, and I'll let Doug confirm, but it's  as we look at the deferred revenue piece versus the work that's actually being done. As Doug mentioned, we're actually shipping at a much higher rate than we're recognizing revenue in the first half of this year. So as we look to execute that $100 billion WFE for the entire year, the second half doesn't have to ramp up quite as much from a Lam factory perspective. We need to keep shipping, show progressive improving in output and also clear the critical components that are needed to recognize revenue for that deferred balance.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, exactly right. Nothing to add on that. And C.J., on the gross margin thing, I tried to answer it when Harlan asked. As I sit here today, I think it gets better in the second half. As we increase our output capability, our supply chain increases its output capability. We work to mitigate some of these constraints and absorb somewhat more of the fixed cost. I think it gets better. And then, I'll remind you that I told you the same thing last quarter and I was a little bit wrong in March, but that's what I see right now, C.J.
C.J. Muse: Great. And I guess as my follow-up question, for CSBG, you talked about expectations for another strong growth year. Can we infer from that, that you expect a minimum of double-digit growth?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I'm not going to quantify it for you. All the same dynamics are in place, right? Chamber counts grew nicely last year. Its going to grow nicely again this year, given the strength in WFE. Utilization in the industry is very high. Investment across all aspects of that business are doing well. We're just a little bit behind on the supply chain stuff.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Doug, I had two. The first is a follow-up from this prior question. So if I just flow through the excess deferred revenue, which you have about $1.5 billion worth of just excess deferred revenue, because you're always going to have some deferred. So if you assume that you get that all during the back half of the year, which maybe you don't, but you should get most of it, I would think, then that would assume that systems revenue would grow at least 30% in like the back half of the year, half-on-half. So I know that you don't want to provide guidance for the year, but I'm just wondering if you can maybe hold our hand a little bit on, sort of, what the back half of the year revenue would be. Is it reasonable to say that, yes, systems revenue will grow at least 30%, something like that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim, you know I'm not going to give you a number. We always do this dance with the numbers, but how you're thinking about it is consistent with what I see. Yes, that deferred revenue is up above that amount that you described. There is a run rate of it that's always there, probably in the range that you're suggesting. We need to get the supply chain caught up with it, right? We need to work our way through making it better, get caught up with the stuff that's sitting there, improve what we're shipping, so that there's less of it, and that's very much what we're investing dollars and resources to do.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks. And then I guess, Doug, just a question on gross margin. That's the lowest since 2015 and it's on triple the revenue versus then. And I'm wondering if maybe you can do two things: one, break down the headwinds. I know there's a lot of different things going on, but if you could break down the headwinds. And then also, I guess, the question is, is it possible for you to pass some of these costs, because you're going to have to now invest in your supply chain and whatnot? Can you pass some of this on to your customers or are you just going to have to eat that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim, your observation's right. The way I think about this is, our long-term profitability objectives from a margin standpoint are unchanged to what we had in that model two-plus years ago at this point, right? So don't change your thinking on that. Some of these upticks in inflation are permanent, and for that, we must get paid, right? We must get paid for the value we're creating and what it takes to create that value. We've done some of that and we need to continue working at that. Some of these cost increases are transitory in nature. And for that, we've got to work our way through beating the cost back a little bit. We have to be able to do both. So when you go in and talk to your customers, you explain, hey, we're doing our part and we need a little help on this other part. So, it's very much how we're thinking about it. You're right, margins are below where we want it to be. Part of it is absorbing fixed cost and part of it is freight and logistics are expensive, integrated circuits are expensive right now. We'll get paid where we need to get paid, and we'll work the cost down where we need to work the cost down. I don't know, Tim, anything you want to add?
Tim Archer: No, I think that pretty much captures it. I do believe we can get paid for value. We also look at ways in which we can develop, in this era and period of rising costs, we can kind of find true win-wins with the customers. And so, we are focused on solutions that drive productivity. Those are areas where you can try to take cost out, you can make the tool more productive for the customer and get paid a higher value for that as well.  And again, back to mentioning Equipment Intelligence Solutions, these are things where again, you're truly removing some of the cost of operating the system by using data. And that allows us to get paid for those services and also perhaps charge fair value for whether it's the spares or the service work that's being done. And the customer also gets productivity and it feels like they came out on the good end of that as well.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Tim.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Toshiya Hari: Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. I guess I had two as well. The first one, I realize it's a supply-constrained year, Doug, but curious if you've seen any fluctuations in customer pull across different device types, if you can speak to DRAM, NAND, leading edge, logic, foundry lagging edge. To the extent you've picked up any changes to the upside or the downside, I'd be curious to hear?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Toshiya, really no changes. Demand continues to be very strong across every segment of our business, memory, foundry, logic. We haven't really seen any change in that at all.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as my follow-up, I wanted to ask about the Logic IDM business. Really nice to see you guys make new highs here. I think you spoke to microprocessors and image sensors and I think advanced packaging in your prepared comments. I think a lot of us are focused and looking forward to continued traction in the MPU business. And I realize you don't want to talk about specific customers. But if you can kind of remind us where you are kind of in the progression there from a market share perspective, particularly in etch. To the extent you can comment, that would be super helpful? Thank you.
Tim Archer: So Toshi, as you said, we don't want to talk about any one specific customer, but I gave you several proof points within foundry/logic. I mean, it's an area we know that we've been underexposed because of our product portfolio and perhaps market share. We've been working hard to introduce new products to expand our opportunity, but also to win more with the products we have. And I think that's exactly what you're seeing in, every time a transition -- a node transition occurs, our served market is getting bigger and we're gaining market share. And that's not just true for certain customers. It's true, we think, for all the customers in terms of -- especially the opportunities and our portfolio is serving.  Yes, I talked about -- on the last call, the work we've been doing in selective etching, the new portfolio of products there, targeting gate all around for instance, and I talked about that expanding this quarter as well. Those are the things that we're doing to try to make sure that our foundry/logic future is better than the past.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks Toshiya.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk about what the supply constraints are. Is it the same constraints that you saw in December or is it new stuff? And how much of it is semiconductors versus non-semiconductor products?
Tim Archer: Yes, I can take a shot at it. I mean, it's pretty broad-based. I mean, clearly, we've talked about the fact that ICs themselves are a big component of the shortages and maybe one of the very long lead-time parts of that -- of the shortages. Our systems are incredibly complex and they use a lot of semiconductors inside of subsystems that go into our tools. So, that is a big part of it. But we also talked about the broadening. Some of the broadening was in other types of fabricated parts, subsystems that go into our tools, that require materials and skilled labor that found itself in short just working with each of those suppliers to either shore up their capacity or working with those suppliers and customers to qualify alternative parts, components and where necessary, alternative suppliers. And so that's what gives us confidence that as time moves on and those qualifications take place and customers can accept those new suppliers and those new components, that the flexibility and resiliency of our supply chain improves throughout the rest of the year.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. And then as my follow-up, the comment that you made a few minutes ago that deferred revenue would be up kind of slightly in June, I guess I'm a little surprised by that, given that you -- your revenues are up $150 million. And this quarter, you had $600 million of kind of unfulfilled demand. So, I would have thought that the overall demand in June is at least flat. And so with revenues up $150 million, that the deferred would again be up quite a bit, is there something I'm missing there?
Doug Bettinger: Like I said, I'm not going to get into guiding a whole bunch of numbers on the balance sheet because it's hard enough to get the numbers that we just missed a little bit, right? I do think it will be up somewhat, Joe. That's what I said. I didn't put a number to it.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Joe.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. For the first one, I'm curious if the lockdowns in China are playing a role in the constraints that you're seeing. And I think, Tim, you mentioned that some of the constraints are due to long lead time ICs. What is your line of sight into that? Any improvement on that side? Because I guess my real question is, should we be assuming a gradual improvement as we get into calendar Q3, or is this more of a weighted -- kind of, backup weighted large catch-up improvement? So, just any views on whether China's lockdowns are playing a role, and what these long lead-times on the IC side tell you about when you can start to see any recovery on the supply side?
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, we've talked about progressive improvement, so we do believe that things get better in the supply chain as a whole. We break it down -- your question about the COVID lockdowns in China, anything that was a new issue, anything that disrupts freight and logistics in and out of an important location where we do have suppliers, obviously, you lose time, either due to delays in getting parts in or out of those locations. So, that did have some impact in the quarter. But more broadly, I think each component, each constraint within the supply chain will likely recover at a slightly different pace, though I mentioned that predicting the exact pace for every component will be difficult. But from a  when I talked about the long lead time ICs, really, what I was meaning was that I think that the few shortages in ICs, it's a multi, multi-quarter situation before we really feel that anything you order has normal lead times as it used to in the past. Other elements of the supply chain that were more related to either lockdowns or maybe labor shortages or some shortage in materials, I think those recover more quickly and that's built into our outlook for the year where we see this progressive improvement through the rest of the year.
Vivek Arya: All right. And for my follow-up, maybe Doug, one on gross margins, kind of two parts to it. I'm very curious, others in the semiconductor industry have been able to raise prices and pass along almost every kind of cost inflation, right? You look at the gross margins for all the semiconductor companies, they are doing better than before. So what has prevented the equipment makers to pass along these higher costs if demand is so strong and so high? Like do you have flexibility to raise prices in the future, right, to recover these costs? And are there certain aspects of costs that are more structural in nature that could prevent Lam from recovering the three or four points, I think, the delta in gross margins that you should be operating at, at these revenue levels?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. No, Vivek. Nothing, like, restricts us from adjusting pricing or doing that. I mean, there's a cadence with which you talk to customers about things, how your output's improving, my inflation is doing X, Y and Z, we need to work through this together. But nothing restricts us from doing that. And we have done some, right? It's not as if we haven't done some of that. We have. New things have emerged. I mean, freight rates continue to be a challenge. That should get better. I mean, frankly, it's back to what I said earlier. The costs that are more permanent in nature, we're going to get paid for. The stuff that is transitory, we got to kind of work our way through managing the cost. We have a responsibility to do both and we are doing both. I wouldn't want you, in the long term, to think of our profitability objectives any different than we've communicated them before, right? We're 300 basis points where we want to be, 250 to 300, and we're going to go work our way back to that level.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one, look, I understand it's a very fluid environment and things are getting worse, and I get what happened in the quarter. But I guess looking forward, given the overall environment is tougher, are you taking that higher level of potential caution in line when you're actually giving your guidance? Maybe a better way to ask is, do you feel better about your June guidance now at this point versus how you felt about your  when you gave your March quarter guidance in December? Like do you have more confidence in that June quarter outlook versus how you felt about the prior guidance, just given the deterioration in the broader environment? And how are you taking that into account?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, I'll try first and then Tim can then add. We never communicated some numbers we intend to miss, let me describe that. To the best of our ability, we comprehend risk, opportunity. I look at ranges. I look at things that could happen. Frankly, what happened in March is things got worse than we expected in the supply chain. Some things we didn't anticipate. Just they got somewhat worse, right? And do I feel like the number I just gave you, the $4.2 billion is a good number? I do, based on everything I see and the linearity of shipments and what we're doing with the supply chain and all the task force we have working through things with suppliers. As I sit here today, Im -- I have confidence in that number or we wouldnt have given it to you. So things can change though and that's what happened to us last quarter. We're working real hard to ensure that, that doesn't happen in June, and I don't expect it to. I don't know, Tim, anything you want to add on?
Tim Archer: No, I think I would just reiterate, I mean, the amount of focus and attention and effort and investment to ensure that we're recovering the supply chain and recovering our output and supporting our customers has never been higher. And so, I think, that as Doug said, we have confidence that we have a good line of sight to the numbers that we -- and the tools and the parts and everything that's needed to make that up, and that's what we plan to go execute.
Stacy Rasgon: All right. Thank you, guys. For my follow-up, understanding you're obviously shipping below apparent demand and demand is obviously strong, do you have any way to quantify the gap between the apparent demand that is out there and your ability to supply that data? I mean, like is it -- is demand 20% above where you're able to ship right now? Is it more? Is it -- any kind of quantification or color you can give on somewhat above and beyond just where the deferred revenue is sitting?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Stacy, that's why we give you an annual WFE outlook, because that actually is a proxy in some ways for what demand on the entire industry looks like to the best of our ability. That's why we try to communicate it and that's the $100 billion, still somewhat supply-limited, though, as Tim said. We think demand is actually so much stronger than that. But the WFE is what we're -- when we give you that annual number, that's what we're trying to help you think or see what we're seeing, I guess, is what I would say.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you, guys.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Please, go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My first one is for Tim or Doug. It seems like Lam has been more impacted by the supply constraints versus your large-cap peers. And is this because you're a dep etch company? So due to the vacuum nature, more complex components the dep etch products have, you're more impacted? And if so, whenever the supply eases, do you think there's a pent-up demand for dep etch equipment relative to like process control or CMP or Epi, since it seems like your customers are buying whatever tools they can get their hands on? So I'm kind of curious, would love to hear your thoughts on that. And then I had a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Okay. So it's a good question. I mean, obviously, I can't speak in great detail to other people's supply chains, but ours is quite complex. And it's just as you said, we -- if you think about etch and deposition equipment, it has a lot of requirements for very complicated gas delivery systems, vacuum systems, power generation and delivery systems. And those things not only require, as we talked about, a lot of ICs and control capabilities, but also just a tremendous amount of subsystem fabrication, high-purity gas line fabrication, a lot of complexity there. And so, I don't know if we are or are not uniquely impacted in that way. But clearly, we are focused on shoring up each of those areas where we see impact. And as I mentioned, the main point is where we can find qualification of additional suppliers who can meet our requirements for the parts and quality that's needed, then we're qualifying those and that increases our capacity. Over the long run, what it also does is, it gives us flexibility.  As I look forward, this investment we're making today to increase the resilience of our supply chain will pay off in the long term because we'll have more suppliers. We'll have suppliers in the regions closer to where our factories are. And I think in the future, that's going to give us some ability to respond to demand in a much more cost-effective way as well. And so, to the long-term gross margin, as I think about that, the investments we're making today are actually good from that perspective.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. Thanks, Tim. And then a follow-up for you Tim is, clearly it seems like everyone is in the same boat. Constrain that supply demand is much better than supply. But do you think there are like any market share shifts happening currently due to supply constrained misses, or do your customers take a much longer time to make the shared decisions compared to the last nine months or so, supply-constrained environment we've been living with?
Tim Archer: Well, I think obviously, it's hard to speak to what the customers would do, but it is very difficult to -- most of these decisions on pooling, the process qualification work is all done far in advance of the production needs. And so, I think part of the reason why everybody is feeling so stressed in this environment, from customers to equipment suppliers, maybe even to our own suppliers, is all of those parts, choices and tooling choices are made very far in advance, and to requalify is incredibly difficult.  And that's even why our output recovery timing is longer -- is taking longer than we might have anticipated. It takes a while to qualify an alternative supplier. I think the same thing would be true for customers and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. So, a long way of saying, I don't believe you're seeing market share shifts in this near term due to these capacity constraints.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks a lot, Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Blayne Curtis: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I had two. Just one, maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way, but you called out reliant and spares as being the big source of the miss. I guess, versus the midpoint, you missed by 200 in March and June. I think CBG is down like 80 and products down. So maybe just -- maybe I'm not understanding why reliant is the biggest issue?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Blayne, maybe you misunderstood us. We didn't intend to communicate that. I didn't specifically say we missed because of one thing or another. Frankly, we missed because of supply chain constraints for equipment across the board that's in new equipment. It's also in the Reliant product line in CSBG as well as upgrades in CSBG. So it's across all of that is what we tried to, maybe not very well, but that's what we tried to communicate.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. And then just a broader question. I think everybody's asked everything they can on the supply constraints. I'm just kind of curious, I don't expect you to be the only one, you havent than this quarter already and you went first. I'm assuming this is going to be a massive supply chain problem for your customers.  And I'm just curious if you've seen any indications that they've pushed their capacity addition plans out to the right as well. I don't know everybody is going to try to figure out like the last question asked, in terms of how each company lines up? And I'm just kind of curious how things are handled. Do you think they'll just take whatever equipment they can and try to piece it together, or do you -- will you see capacity additions kind of push commensurate with the equipment they can't get?
Tim Archer: I guess the simplest way for us to answer it is that, we've seen no change in demand or no change in the pressure we receive from customers to deliver to their original schedule. And so that's why when we look at the investments we're making to try to accelerate recovery of our output to meet their demands, that's because their demand has not changed at all. To your point of, will they take different tools at different times, I think that there's a lot of things that we're working on with customers to try to meet their capacity constraints if we can't get them the tooling on the exact date they want. We talked about accelerated installs. I talked about increasing like services to get a little bit more output from tools they might have already installed into that fab. I think there's just a lot of partnership and creativity going into how to work through these constraints over the next -- that have existed for a couple of quarters and likely will continue to exist as we move through the next couple.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks Blayne. Appreciate it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have just one. Do you guys have a view about what industry capacity in wafers is going to grow this year or next year based on the wafer fab equipment expectations you have? Obviously, there's a debate out there about how much capacity could come online, given the magnitude today of wafer fab equipment versus five or seven years ago. So, I was wondering if you had a view on that. If you don't have a view for the industry, I'm wondering if you have a view for maybe a set or a subset of your largest customers, if you have some kind of sense about what wafer capacity is growing this year and next year.
Doug Bettinger: Mark, I'll talk maybe a little bit about this year. These aren't numbers we normally give out. But I would tell you, when I look across the totality where investments are occurring, I see wafer capacity growing everywhere, almost everywhere; in memory, in foundry, in logic and probably across nearly every process node in foundry as well, right? I mean, things are tight. The ICs we're trying to get are across every different process node and everybody is investing to try to get caught up with demand. So, while we don't share those numbers, I think everything is ticking up somewhat or trying to anyway, based on the investment plans they have.
Mark Lipacis: Got you. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thanks Mark. Operator, we'll do one more question and then I think we're about out of time.
Operator: Okay. We'll take our last question from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Doug, in January, I believe you guys were talking about growth in wafer fab equipment next year. With all the scenarios going on with global GDP contraction and macro corrections and even recession next year, curious what your thoughts are about WFE next year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Atif, you know we don't do more than one year at a time. I mean, clearly, you've got a softening in the economy for a variety of different reasons. And I do observe when we look across all of the semi industry, the more consumer-oriented kind of consumption in semis is probably softening a little bit. Smartphone units aren't as strong perhaps as we thought. PC is probably the same thing. High-performance computing is still very strong. So, it's kind of what I see happening. When Tim and the sales guys talk to our customers though, everybody is full steam ahead with their investment plans in terms of equipment. So that's what I see. I'm not going to quite tell you at 2023 yet. But the fact that we're under shipping what customers want this year, that stuff's I know is going to roll into next year. So sit tight. We'll talk about 2023 as we get a little further through the year.
Atif Malik: I understand. As a follow-up, I get the component and the subsystem supply constraints. Are you seeing impact to your shipments from material shortages like neon and coolant using etch and deposition tools are the  is availability of those materials impacting your shipments or your customers have enough buffer on those materials?
Tim Archer: So far, it's  I would say that, we haven't identified those yet as significant constraints. But we're obviously watching every new issue that comes up and assessing its impact. But so far, we wouldn't identify those as key issues right now.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Thank you, Atif. Operator, that's about it for time for us. Appreciate everybody joining us on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporations December Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Tina Correia: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our overview on the business environment and we will review our financial results for the December 2021 quarter and our outlook for the March 2022 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 oclock p.m. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in the accompanying slides in the presentation. This call is scheduled to last until 3 oclock p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina and Happy New Year to all that are joining us today. Calendar 2021 was another year in which companies and our communities had to respond to significant challenges on many fronts. Lams operations and results were impacted by the effects of COVID-19, labor shortages, freight and logistics cost escalation and supply chain constraints. But I am proud and thankful for how Lam employees responded at every turn with commitment and agility to support our customers and business. As the digital transformation of both the global economy and our everyday activities accelerated throughout the year, demand for wafer fabrication equipment continued to strengthen. Lam delivered record revenues and record earnings per share in calendar year 2021. Embedded in these results is record revenue in every area of our business, including NAND, DRAM and foundry logic and within every sub-segment of our customer support business. Even in a year with relatively higher foundry logic spend versus memory, we gained market share in both etch and deposition. As we closed out 2021 and enter the new year, demand for Lam products has never been higher. Yet as we have discussed in prior quarters, the global supply chain remains severely stressed at these unprecedented output levels. In the December quarter, unexpected shipment delays primarily for components from a critical supplier surfaced in the last two weeks of the quarter leaving us with insufficient time for full recovery despite the diligent efforts of our supplier and our global operations team. The resulting shipment delays caused revenues to come in below the midpoint of our guidance range. Revenue for the tools that were impacted in December will be recognized in the March quarter. Looking into the first weeks of 2022, we see that supply challenges have broadened with the COVID Omicron surge adding further disruption to freight and logistics operations as well as exacerbating skilled labor shortages. We also continued to encounter significant scarcity of certain components and parts, including semiconductors. As a result, our March quarter revenue levels will be limited by the output constraints of our global supply chain. And this is reflected in our guidance. We are aggressively working on the issues with our suppliers and believe we will see progressive improvement as we move through the next few quarters. Overall, for calendar year 2022, we expect to deliver strong across-the-board revenue growth. On the demand front, we are seeing continued momentum in wafer fabrication equipment spending. We believe that spending in calendar year 2021 ended consistent with the mid-$80 billion estimate we provided on our last call. Strength was broad-based with NAND, DRAM and foundry logic all growing double-digits. As we look to calendar year 2022, there are multiple themes underpinning our view for continued WFE growth, including powerful end market demand trends, rising device complexity, strong semiconductor industry operating profitability and regional government support and incentives. In end markets, the technology landscape continues to build not only on the prevalent drivers of AI, IoT, the cloud and 5G, but also now along another vector as advances in virtual and augmented reality lay the groundwork for the metaverse over the coming decade. Immersive gaming experiences will be a primary driver of metaverse development and adoption. And I have spoken on prior calls about how advanced processors and memory devices for gaming are favorable for WFE demand due to both leading edge performance requirements and semiconductor content growth. Across the semiconductor industry, we see more than 20 new fabs being built and customers have already announced significant CapEx increases for the year. Consequently, we expect 2022 WFE spending to be in the $100 billion range with strong growth across all segments. We believe that our performance in 2021 has strengthened our ability to win in the robust demand environment we see ahead. We launched innovative new etch and deposition products, gained market share at key technology inflections, and rapidly grew our installed base. On this last point, our customer support business group continues to exceed expectations. Our chamber count grew approximately 13% in calendar year 2021 to approximately 75,000 units. Our revenue per chamber, which we highlighted at our 2020 Investor Day as a key growth objective, increased nearly 24% year-on-year in 2021, or nearly twice the growth in chamber count. We expect calendar year 2022 to be another strong growth year for our CSBG business. Our large and growing installed base also adds immense value through our product innovation process. The high volume of wafers running on our installed base everyday enable us to detect newly emerging challenges more quickly and accelerate our cycles of learning, both of which are critical in an era of increasing device and manufacturing complexity. On the product front, 2021 was a year of significant milestones for Lam. To highlight just a few, our Vantex dielectric etch system became the fastest ramping new etch product in Lam history. Built on our groundbreaking new Sense.i platform, Vantex helps customers reduce costs by enabling higher etch rates and improving fab footprint efficiency, while new process capabilities extend our technology leadership in high aspect ratio edge. We expect continued growth in Vantex shipments in 2022, with overall revenues from this product roughly doubling year-over-year. Our VECTOR DT product for backside deposition, achieved process tool of record status at all customers for 3D NAND devices with more than 200 layers further demonstrating our leadership in 3D scaling enablement. We achieved several important leading-edge wins with our selective etch, strip and surface treatment solutions, including applications for gate-all-around and foundry logic customer and our first selective etch win in DRAM. As device complexity increases across logic and memory devices, the need for angstrom-level precision is driving greater adoption of Lams selective edge solutions compared to conventional wet etch methods. This should enable selective etch revenues to double this year as customers adopt our innovative suite of products for current leading edge applications as well as for future device architectures.  And finally, we increased our deposition market share with wins in critical bit line and spacer applications for RC reduction and are now qualified at all leading nodes for this application. To conclude, our product momentum and outperformance in our installed base business have put Lam in a great position to capitalize on the tremendous demand we see for wafer fabrication equipment. Our top priority is to alleviate the near-term supply constraints that have impacted our output capacity, our delivery predictability and our financial results. With progress expected on this front over the next several months, we believe calendar year 2022 will be another outstanding period of growth for Lam. Thank you. And now, he is Doug to cover the financial results and our outlook.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call today during what I know is a very busy earnings season. Calendar year 2021 was a record year for Lam Research in many respects. We closed the year with revenue at $16.5 billion, which includes record levels of revenue for both our systems as well as our CSBG businesses. We also delivered an all-time high for earnings per share coming in at $32.46. I think its important to point out that we had 59% growth in earnings per share over calendar year 2020, which outpaced the growth in revenue, which was at 39%. We ended the year however on a bit of a down point. As Tim spoke about, our revenue came in at the lower end of the guidance range due to supply chain issues that impacted us in the last two weeks of the December quarter. These delays primarily from one supplier for critical parts meant we were unable to recognize revenue for tools that we actually ship to customers, totaling more than $200 million. You will notice this reflected in the increased level of deferred revenue on the balance sheet at the end of the December quarter of $1.46 billion. The vast majority of these parts have now shipped and the full value of the tools, will revenue in the March quarter. While we continue to increase the output capacity of our own factories, we are seeing a broadening out of headwinds from the global supply chain, which is impacting the somewhat soft March quarter revenue and gross margin guidance. These headwinds are partially Omicron and labor-related, partially supplier scaling-related and partially due to freight and logistics constraints. Our expectations are that the broader supply chain issues in the industry will persist for a while and will exit the March quarter with incremental supplier shipment delays potentially causing another growth of as much as $500 million in deferred revenue. I would just highlight that we often ship equipment to our customers on a modular basis, which accelerates deliveries and allows customers the ability to begin installation while waiting for the fully configured tool. As we get our suppliers caught up with our needs and these missing components ship, these tools will revenue in future quarters. This is obviously a fluid situation right now. Let me now turn towards the details of our December quarter results. Revenue for the quarter came in at $4.23 billion, a slight decrease from the September quarter, but an increase of 22% from the same quarter a year ago. From a segment perspective, Memory represented 58% of systems revenues in the December quarter, down from the prior quarter level, which was 64%. The strength in Memory during the quarter was driven by investments in the DRAM segment, which increased both in terms of dollars as well as percent concentration at 23% of systems revenue versus 19% in the September quarter and 10% in the June quarter. The DRAM investments were primarily focused on the 1z and 1-alpha nodes. The NAND segment was 35% of our systems revenue versus 45% in the prior quarter. We are seeing both capacity additions as well as conversions across our NAND customers, with investments in 128 through 192-layer devices. We expect we will continue to see a blend of additions and conversions as we go through calendar year 2022. Broad demand across both leading edge and mature device nodes drove continued strength in the foundry segment, with the December quarter representing 31% of our systems revenue versus 25% in the September quarter. Multiple customers are investing in the segment to meet end demand drivers such as AI, IoT, cloud and 5G, which is leading to significant unit growth and more silicon content in most technology devices. We had another record quarter of system revenue dollars in the Logic and Other segment, which contributed 11% of systems revenue in the December quarter, which was consistent with the concentration in the prior quarter. Our customers are investing to meet the demand requirements in the market for microprocessors, image sensors and heterogeneous silicon packaging technologies. Now, lets switch to the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at 26% of total revenues. And while being the top region for December, it was down from the 30% plus levels we have seen for the last few quarters. This was an expected outcome and is related to the timing of customer investments. China domestic customers were the majority of the China regional revenue in the December quarter. The Korea and Taiwan regions also had solid investment activity, representing 25% and 18% of revenues respectively in the December quarter. The revenue for our installed base business, CSBG, was nearly $1.5 billion, which was 29% higher than the December quarter in calendar 2020 and approximately 8% higher sequentially. The continued strength of CSBG reflects a growing installed base of tools, customers operating at high utilization levels as well as our ability to monetize the growing installed base by offering more value-added advanced service solutions. Each sub-segment of CSBG hit a new record in the quarter, but I want to specifically callout our Reliant product line for achieving its 12th consecutive record quarter, delivering value to a growing specialty market across numerous customers. While the CSBG business can have quarterly fluctuations, we continue to see sustained and stable growth on an annual basis. Now, moving on to gross margin, the December quarter was 46.8%, above the midpoint of the guided range. The increase in gross margins came from a favorable customer and product mix due to shipment timing as well as high field resource productivity due to greater customer installation activity. As we have discussed in the past, gross margins can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter due to overall business levels, along with customer and product mix. And I would just mention, we have got incremental negative cost impacts from the supply chain constraints that we discussed earlier that are negatively impacting the March gross margin guidance. Operating expenses for December were $627 million, an increase from the prior quarter amount of $586 million. The December quarter had higher variable compensation as we closed the calendar year as well as additional research and development investments. We have added headcount in R&D to support our growing product portfolio and we are focused on supporting our customers ongoing technology roadmaps. December operating margin came in at 32% or approximately $1.4 billion. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 11.9%, generally in line with our expectations. Looking into calendar year 22, we expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low-teens level. We continue to monitor potential tax changes under consideration in the United States. Given the uncertainty there, we have not yet reflected the impact of any changes in our financial modeling. And as we have discussed in prior calls, our tax rate may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Other income and expense came in for the quarter at $19 million in income. This amount is better than the prior quarter and resulted in income in the December quarter due to a gain in one of our venture investments that recently raised capital in a public offering. As we have noted in last quarters earnings call, we did not include the estimated gain of approximately $50 million in our December quarter guidance and the amount in the results that you are seeing was reasonably close to that forecast. This gain added 26%  or excuse me $0.26 tax adjusted to earnings per share. And I just have you note that overall OI&E is subject to market-related volatility that could cause a difference from our typical run-rate. We continue to buyback shares with our focus on capital return. And in the December quarter, we repurchased approximately $430 million worth of stock. In addition, we paid $211 million in dividends during the quarter. For the calendar year, we allocated a total of $3.8 billion towards capital return, which was approximately 94% of free cash flow. During 2021, we reduced share count by more than 4 million shares at an average repurchase price of $593 per share. Diluted earnings per share for the December quarter was $8.53. And the diluted share comp balance was slightly lower than the September quarter level coming in at 142 million shares, which was in line with our expectations. Let me now shift to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, totaled $5.6 billion, up from the prior quarter level of $4.9 billion. We generated strong cash from operations in the December quarter of $1.4 billion, which was somewhat offset by the capital return activities that I just spoke about. Day sales outstanding was essentially flat coming in at 73 days compared to 72 days in the September quarter. Inventory turns were down slightly from the prior quarter level coming in at 2.9x, which was pretty much as planned as weve grown inventory to increase the business volume. Non-cash expenses for the December quarter included approximately $63 million for equity compensation, $62 million for depreciation and $20 million in amortization. Capital expenditures in the December quarter were flat with September coming in at $138 million. Capital expenditures are mainly focused on expansion activities such as our silicon parts facility in Ohio and the Korea Technology Center that will be opening in the first half of 2022. We have 16,300 regular full-time employees at the December quarter  at the end of the December quarter, which is an increase of approximately 900 people from the prior quarter. Our headcount growth was mainly in the factory and field organizations to support the growing output levels that were seeing. Now lets look at our non-GAAP guidance for the March 2022 quarter. Were expecting revenue of $4.25 billion, plus or minus $300 million. As weve discussed earlier, the guidance reflects our expectation for a higher level of shipment delays in the March quarter, due to broadening out of supply chain constraints were seeing. Customer demand is decently stronger than what we can currently supply. Backlog has grown for five consecutive quarters as we exited the December quarter. Were expecting gross margin of 45%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Our guidance reflects a higher level of spending that were incurring for managing the execution of the supply chain as well as extra costs to secure critical semiconductor component parts. As we sit here today, I believe our gross margin will improve as we progress through the year. Were forecasting operating margins of 29.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $7.45 plus or minus $0.75 based on a share count of approximately 141 million shares. Were widening our ranges out a bit due to the supply chain uncertainties that weve discussed. As we start calendar year 2022, were in the strongest investment year in the history of the semiconductor industry. Its important to note that the demand is clearly there. We are dealing with broadening out of supply chain constraints, which we know were going to fix over time. Were laser-focused on addressing these supply challenges, and were confident that we will deliver improvements as we go through the year. Were in solid market share positions. Weve gained further traction across all market segments in 2021. And weve got a robust and growing installed base business. Operator, that concludes Tim and my prepared remarks. Wed like to now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Harlan Sur of JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So can you guys just help us understand on the supply chain constraints? Is this more subsystems and part shortages or is it chip shortages? And I assume that youre placing orders for both subsystems, parts and ships to the entirety of this year just given the extended lead times. So looking at what your suppliers have committed to shipping to you this year, if all of this plays out, combined with the incremental systems capacity expansion from Malaysia, can the team meet its forward backlog and forecasted customer requirements this year or do you think that there is some likelihood that you exit this calendar year with your shipments below your customers demand requirements?
Tim Archer: So Harlan, Ill start that and let Doug add if he wants to. As we mentioned, the December issue was primarily critical parts that you call them  Ive called them probably subsystems, pretty large critical components that goes into our tool. But the underlying reasons for why certain suppliers are having challenges, shipping goes across the board. We talked about broadening challenges. In some cases, its shortages of labor that have been driven and exacerbated by COVID-driven absenteeism. In some cases, its chip availability. In some cases, it has been freight and logistics. But I would say that we are working closely with these suppliers, and we have committed schedules. Weve said our lead times are quite extended versus normal. We have better visibility today into demand and customer schedules, I think, than we ever have. And therefore, to your point, we have placed those orders with suppliers. And I would say in both Lams case and our suppliers case, its about executing to that much higher demand plan. Now what weve given you as an outlook for WFE that we do believe we can execute to. And as we said, we believe we will make progressive improvement in supply chain capacity in coming quarters. And that as we do that, youll see Lam output, the output of our supply chain increase and we will be meeting the customer demand at that point. What I would also point out is that from the standpoint of our own capacity. This was a key area of focus in 2021, and we talked a lot about it. We significantly expanded our existing factories in the U.S., in Korea, in Taiwan. We ramped and started shipping from our new Malaysia facility, which ultimately will become our largest manufacturing site. We increased our own employment both in full-time and temporary workforce. And I would say, right now, our focus is ensuring that every aspect of our supplier base has grown their capacity to match ours. And that is something that were working on every day, and I do believe we will  as Doug said, we  this is a fixable problem, but it is our primary priority at this point.
Doug Bettinger: And maybe the only thing I would add just so its crystal clear to everybody listening, the December slight miss below midpoint, really one supplier that emerged very late in the month of December. And we just didnt have time to respond to it. So thats one statement. Second, what Tim just told you is there is a broadening out that we see beyond one supplier that were working to mitigate. And were doing lots of different things with lots of different suppliers to work our way through this, Harlan, but we know were going to fix this. This is something that you can manage your way through, and we will manage our way through it. Demand is very strong.
Tim Archer: And maybe just a final comment to note, obviously, on everybodys mind is that we were fighting challenges all through 2020. I mean, its not as though supply chain has just become an issue. But I would say that some of the things that have changed when we talk about the slight worsening that were seeing right now is also that in many cases, whether its Lams inventory or suppliers inventory they have been drawn down by these very high output levels to the point where our vulnerability to a miss that might only be just a few days, but at the output rate of our factories. Those few days can actually translate into some pretty big revenue numbers, and that corresponding few days could be the same for our suppliers. So I think that whats different right now is that we just have a little bit less room to respond to the challenges. But I tell you, all through 2021, we are fighting these and in almost all cases, we were successful in mitigating them without them becoming misses in our financial results. But I think that  and thats what gives us confidence that we will solve these as we go through 22 as well.
Harlan Sur: And I appreciate the insights. Then can you just  given the strong WFE backdrop and the potential strong growth backdrop for Lam. Can you guys just give us an update on the Malaysia manufacturing ramp? I believe that the target was to get to about $3 billion of annualized revenue output from Malaysia by the middle of this year. Is the team still on track for that? And Ive also heard that the team is trying to build out domestic supplier support around this facility, which is potentially a big benefit for you guys, right, especially during periods like this where having to procure materials from other geographies can probably be quite challenging. So maybe you can also update us here on the strategy for building out the domestic support capability in Penang?
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, what I would say is that the ramp of the Malaysia factory is on track. And were quite happy with the progress were making there. Again, its ramping per schedule. Demand is somewhat outstripping the ramp rate. But coming back to your point about why we embarked on Malaysia and also expansions, as I mentioned, in Korea, Taiwan, the U.S. and even in our factory in Europe. And that is we get the opportunity to tap into different talent pools. So I talked about labor shortages, not all COVID-related. These are just driven by serving demand in lots of parts of the industry. So by having factories in different locations, we tap into different talent pools. And also, as you mentioned, we have the opportunity to qualify different supplier sets or even in some cases where we have global critical suppliers, they built factories in those same locations next door to us very close to our site. And they also tap into that different talent pool. And so there is many ways in which this expansion of our global footprint, we think in the long-term, actually makes us less sensitive to disruption in any one particular region, whether its in freight and logistics or its in workforce or its in the supply chain. So its all part of our strategy. Were executing on it and we just need to get to that endpoint a little bit faster. Thanks, Harlan.
Harlan Sur: Thank you very much. Yes, thank you.
Operator: And so we will go to our next question from Krish Sankar of Cowen & Company.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. Doug and Tim, you mentioned the WFE to be $100 billion this year. But if I look at the current WFE run rate, it seems like its like more in the low to mid-$90 billion. So to get to $100 billion, the second half run rate has to be more like $105 billion to $110 billion. And I understand the demand is strong, and its all about supply constraints today. So if my math is right, does it mean that the WFE and the revenues have to step up in the second half? Is that kind of the implication of $100 billion WFE from where we are today? And is it fair to assume that Lam revenues had to head up  step up in the back half of this year? And then I have a follow-up.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Krish, I do think WFE is back half weighted this year. Maybe as much to do with where true demand is, but also a little bit because I believe the industry in the first half of the year is going to be somewhat supply constrained. So I think its going to be a second half weighted spending here, Krish.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then Doug, just to like quickly just follow-up on that, is that the implication that your revenue should also step up in the back half?
Doug Bettinger: Likely, yes.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Alright. Fair enough. And then my follow-up question is just quickly on China, you mentioned about domestic was pretty strong in December. It looks like the domestic China business is going to be strong this year, too. Can you just help us understand what is driving it? There was some recent news about Tsinghua, the parent company of YMTC having some issues. So some investors worry thats going to cap YMTCs CapEx or WFE this year? So I am kind of curious, what do you think is going to drive China WFE? Is this still the long tail of smaller trailing edge customers or do you expect the big guys like SMIC and YMTC to also be a big part of domestic China WFE this year? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that from a China WFE perspective, we think it remains very broad demand across many different players, in fact, even some new fabs and new players that are entering the market there. And while some of it, of course, are big players, a lot of it is our fabs that are addressing what we all know is a very tight trailing-edge technology landscape. And so I think that is a pretty big driver for WFE, and Lam participates well in that market. And Doug mentioned our Reliant business that continues to show record after record in terms of business, and a lot of that stems from investments in places like China at the off leading-edge nodes.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, the investment performance  I was just going to say, its a very broad set of customers was all I was going to add, Krish. A lot of whom youve probably not even heard of, frankly. So there is a long tail of people spending dollars in China.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Just I mean, Tim and Doug, just want to clarify, youre not too worried about all the China news on Tsinghua at this point?
Doug Bettinger: Im not overly concerned. No. There is ample liquidity in China for the aspirations that they have to make the investments they are planning to make.
Krish Sankar: Thank you very much, guys. I really appreciate the info. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: You are welcome, Krish.
Operator: And we will go next to C.J. Muse of Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, first question, a derivative to the supply chain issues that youre seeing and in higher freight costs. Curious your ability to pass along of your higher input cost to customers. I understand there is a long tail in contracts, but would love to get a sense of how youre seeing that play out here in 2022.
Tim Archer: Yes. C.J., Ill take a shot at it. I mean, first of all, I mean, were not going to go to the detail on conversations we may be having with customers on that point. But I guess Id point to a couple of things. One, its hard to see perhaps what we are doing, given the overwhelming cost challenges, Doug talked about, relative to the near-term projections. But longer term, Lam equipment is absolutely vital to ramping global semiconductor capacity. Thats important for every one of our customers and industry more broadly. And were also  our equipment is also vital to achieving the technologies road map for the industry. So there is tremendous value in what we do for our customers in the industry, and we always fight to get paid fairly for that value delivered. Right now, I would say that were focused squarely on solving these supply chain issues, having conversations with customers and suppliers about how we do that in the most efficient way. And I think as you see us work through that, youll see our financial results including gross margin continue to improve into the future.
C.J. Muse: Great. Very helpful. And I guess, as my follow-up, as you look at your installed base business, you talked about 24% chamber revenue growth per chamber, which is pretty impressive. Curious how we should think about growth beyond 2021? I think historically, you kind of talked about a 6% to 10% kind of anticipated revenue per chamber CAGR. Has that changed? And should we be thinking a higher number going forward?
Tim Archer: Well, yes, I mean, if you project out these current growth rates, you get to a pretty big customer support business group in the future. But we  as I mentioned, exceeding expectations, the business is doing extremely well. I would say that we anticipate some mitigation in that growth rate. I think at our Analyst Day, we kind of put out a model to say, look, our objective every year is to go in saying that we will outgrow  the revenue will outgrow the growth of the installed base, which means fundamentally, youre moving forward the revenue capture per chamber. Right now, weve flowed those numbers away. But some of it may be a little bit short-term. I mean, clearly, everyone is increasing held inventory that probably goes to our spare parts business as well. Over time, and I dont know when that would be because I think people are going to be a little bit cautious for quite some time about supply issues as were talking about. Eventually, they will draw those inventories back to probably more efficient numbers, and that would cause some mitigation in the spare parts business part of CSBG. Weve also talked about the Reliant business and tremendous growth in upgrades and sales of tools for trailing edge. I dont know that, that will mitigate so much, but its been on a red hot pace the last year or two. And so I would expect some mitigation there. So maybe the best way to think about it is, again, our goal is always to outgrow the growth of the installed base, capturing more revenue per chamber. And so you can model it Lam with expected Taber growth rate plus some  its probably best way to think about it.
Operator: And so we will move to our next question from Timothy Arcuri of UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Its actually Dana Chen on for Timothy Arcuri. I was wondering if you could touch based on  you previously talked about like the GM, gross margin headwinds from Malaysia. Can you just help us quantify how should we think about the impact from there in the next few quarters? And is the timing for the new Malaysia manufacturing to shift from like headwind to tailwind maybe in the second half of this year? I just wanted to understand the gross margin impact over there?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Malaysia will be a tail in the gross margin. Certainly, as we get into the second half of the year and in my scripted remarks, I basically said, as I look through the rest of calendar year 22, I expect gross margin will improve from the levels that we are at today. Part of that will be Malaysia. Part of it will be the mitigation of the supply chain and part of it will be new products coming out and the positive mix factor of that. So, I will give you a few things to think about there.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And maybe just touch base on the domestic China WFE, can you just talk about where you think 2021 that came in? And how do you think about that like into 2022 from domestic China?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The way we have been talking about it is that it was a growth year in 21. We didnt quantify how much, but it was very much in line with the expectations. We described 2020 is roughly $10 billion indigenous Chinese WFE grew last year. Its going to grow again this year is what I would tell you.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Youre welcome.
Operator: And we will go next to Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on your segment mix with regard to your WFE forecast for the year. Just given where you guys do tend to focus, do you think that, that segment is a potential disadvantage with regard to your ability to grow in line with how you view the WFE market itself growing in 2022?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, its a good question. I do think when I look at growth in 22 that you are going to see that the highest level of growth in foundry/logic. Thats just whats going on. I think thats pretty well understood. And you are right in your observation, I think, inherent in your question is, historically, we been somewhat less represented there, I guess in terms of share of spend as compared to memory.  Having said that, though we have made a nice step up there in the last couple of years, we continue to  2021 was a good share position year for us in foundry and logic. So, thats going to benefit us. And also, when I look at 22 WFE, I think you are going to see nice growth in memory, and I will let Tim add on to.
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, I guess I just wanted to mention, I mean we have maybe gotten that question a lot of times about how we are doing in foundry and logic and what our plans. I think we have done a nice job of, and it will play out over the next several years. We focused on a lot of our product portfolio and product development on products that put us out in front of that technology roadmap. And just to name a couple of the products. I mean you look at what we have done in atomic layer deposition, selective etch, the low RC materials, dry EUV resist and heterogeneous 3D packaging. All of those are quite tied to ramps in foundry/logic spending. Now the good news is, many of those also play over into our strength in memory like ALD does and selective etch will. But again, we have been very cautious about trying to position the portfolio such that our exposure to foundry/logic ultimately is a positive for the company, and I think we are making progress and we will continue to fulfill.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. So, does that suggest you see the share gains that you saw in 21 in foundry and logic continuing into 22?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I think the momentum is going to continue in 22, Stacy. Yes.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question like many I am juggling multiple calls. So, I apologize if its a little bit repetitive. But just relative to kind of the first question and your ability to meet demand, Doug, and maybe this is a little bit longer term, but you have got a situation where the semi industry took 50 years to get to $0.5 trillion of revenue, and there is many models out there that suggest in the next 8 years, we will get another $500 billion and be $1 trillion in revenue. What do you have to do incremental over a multiyear period to invest to make sure you have  should the support kind of that kind of demand for supply? And is that already in the backlog for what you guys are doing in Malaysia? And is it already sort of contemplated in some of the OpEx sort of targets you gave us at Analyst Day?
Tim Archer: Yes. Let me take a shot at it, and Doug can add. But as I kind of went  and you might not have heard this if you are jumping between calls. But our manufacturing strategy, we have been playing out for the last several years, I think, is really what gives us confidence that we can meet this demand going forward. And that is Malaysia, as you pointed out, but also expansions across our Korea manufacturing facility. This past year, we bought out our joint venture for manufacturing in Taiwan. We expanded all of our U.S. manufacturing sites in a pretty big way. And we also grew our output from our Europe facility.  And so, I think that when you ask the question, what is it that prepares us for the industry to add another $500 billion in Lam to meet that output, its the ability to tap into this global supply chain, which gives us access to larger talent pools, larger supplier bases for many of our parts. Some are very critical, but many of them are sourceable locally to those factories. And I think thats going to help us increase not only our own capacity, which I think we are making good progress on, but also the capacity of our global supplier base. And thats something that I would say we are pretty far down that path, but clearly, as evidenced by the current limitations, we still have more room to go, and we will be making progress in the next coming quarters.
John Pitzer: And then, Tim, as my follow-on, giving us visibility 90 days out, given all the logistical issues are hard enough, thinking about the entire year as you did with your WFE comment even harder. But I am kind of curious, clearly, logic/foundry grows faster than memory this year, but we are sort of in this odd position where it kind of looks like from a cyclical perspective, the memory companies tend to be seem to be spending at a much more constrained level than maybe their logic/foundry partners for the first time ever. If you look at CapEx to rev ratios and growth of CapEx off the bottom, is that how you see it? I guess, importantly, if it is, what implications might that have for memory spending as we go from 22 into 23?
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I mean its  constrained is always more in the eye of the builder for the customer perhaps. But I think you are right that we are seeing a fairly balanced in fact, maybe more balanced spending profile within the memory space, at least is our current view. Maybe back to your original point though about visibility, our visibility at this point is much  we feel further out in terms of demand side. Our challenge is not understanding demand 6 months, 9 months, 12 months out, maybe even longer. It really is about growing supply capability of our supply base and also our own capacity to meet that growing demand. But I think the implications are that we exit this year still perhaps with robust demand going into 2023. Its too early to  we are not going to give a guide at this point for 2023, but I would say is whether its in memory or its in logic/foundry, a lot of big investments planned, fabs under construction, many of those dont take the equipment even until starting in 23 or maybe even beyond. And so, I think we are going to see robust WFE for the industry for years to come at this point.
John Pitzer: Thanks,Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, John.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from Mark Lipacis of Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First question and I apologize, I am kind of new on the Lam call, so I apologize if this is elementary. But if we have the semiconductor shortages globally that are causing different vertical markets to lose tens, if not hundreds of billions of dollars in revenues. And you guys make the equipment that actually can solve that problem. Why arent Lam and your peers, the absolute number one priority customers for the semiconductors that can make the equipment that solve these challenges? Its surreal to hear you guys talk about component shortages are preventing you from shipping product that can solve everybodys problems. Thats the first question. I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Okay. I am not sure its such an elementary question, its quite a complex one. But I  boy, I guess, I would say that we try to make that point quite clear. And I think there has been a lot of discussion between companies like ours and the manufacturers just as there are many, many industries talking to those same suppliers about the urgent needs that they have. And so I dont think we want to make this  we certainly did not say its all about chips, and thats whats limiting our supply. Its one element of some of the component shortages and subsystem shortages, but it has been several other things as well. But I do believe that as we increase both our supplier capacity and our own capacity and output goes up, then that is key to alleviating the problem. And so maybe it becomes a virtuous cycle where more our output goes up, the easier the constraints get and therefore, our outlook goes up even faster. Its certainly our objective to drive that and we are in close conversation with the semiconductor chip manufacturers who happen to be our customers as well about how they can help. And I would say that in most cases, those customers are stepping in and doing everything they possibly can to help because they want the equipment that we are shipping to them.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Mark, I think the only thing I would add is, is typically, we wouldnt be in the business of buying semiconductors, right. And thats our suppliers or sometimes even the suppliers of our suppliers that would be procuring those chips. And because we know that group of our customers, their suppliers really, really well, thats why we are stepping in. Maybe that helps. And we clearly have access to those guys. So, we can make this better quicker, I think is why we are pointing this out right now.
Mark Lipacis: Okay. Got it. Thats helpful. And a follow-up, if I may. I appreciate that you have  it sounds like you have very good visibility this year. What is  what kind of conversations do you have with your customers about 2023, appreciating that they may not be giving you hard orders that far out or maybe they do. But I mean, do you have those kind of planning discussions with your customers about what 2023 might look like? Can you give us any sense of how those conversations go? Thats all I have. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yes, its a good question. I mean obviously, we have sufficient conversations for very long lead time decisions that we have to make. So, as I talk about our expansion of manufacturing facilities and hiring rates. One of the components, its not a  that has a relatively long lead time is the hiring of engineers that go on site to support those new customer facilities and projects. And so I would say we are already having discussions with customers about 2023 in earnest. But its a little too early to get as precise as many of you probably like in terms of what does the number for 2023 WFE looks like, and we are not going to have that conversation today. But I would say customers are giving a lot of just they want us to be ready. We are having those same conversations with our suppliers because we need them to be ready. And so you can just believe that we are having those conversations quite frequently and quite some temp with customers today.
Mark Lipacis: Thanks.
Tim Archer: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. Certainly understand the gross margin pressures based on the costs that you guys are taking on to sort of deal with all these issues. But your customers are kind of dealing with some of the same stuff and are raising prices and passing that on to their customers. If this ends up being a persistent situation where you have high freight costs and component costs and things like that, do you see gross margins kind of getting back to the level they were a couple of quarters ago?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Joe, I do. I specifically  and you might have been jumping between calls as well. In my prepared remarks, I specifically said I believe gross margin will improve for us as the year progresses. Meaning the March quarter, I believe is a low point for the gross margin in the year. A lot because of these freight logistics and other things in the supply chain that we just need to go fix it, and thats what we are doing.
Joe Moore: Okay. That makes sense. I mean I guess, just  you are fixing it because those costs are going away, or are you able to actually charge your customers expedites and things like that to deal with all of it?
Tim Archer: I think our objective is probably to do a little bit of both. As you mentioned, some of the issues may become persistent and built into the cost structure of the history, in which case those ultimately have to be accounted for in the pricing for the industry. And yes, obviously, we are very sensitive to the fact that customers in certain parts of our market are cost sensitive, and therefore, we will try to eliminate as many of the costs first. So, we are not taking the easy way out of just trying to pass the costs on trying to first eliminate them and then those that are persistent will be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Joe.
Operator: And we will go on to our next question from Patrick Ho of Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Most of my questions have been answered. But maybe for Doug, with the supply chain issues that are going on right now, I know its difficult to give a granular answer. But how do you look at the allocations between whats needed for new shipments and new tools versus your installed base business, which also has a lot of those type of components as well. And obviously, a lot of the customers are at high utilization. Whats the balance there that you are trying to do at least in the near-term to keep your customers as happy as possible on both ends?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I am going to actually give this one to Tim, Patrick.
Tim Archer: Well, I think thats because what I am going to tell you is that the most valuable tool for the customer is the one thats in this fab in running. And so  of course, it doesnt  we prioritize today keeping the installed base operating and outputting. And to one of the earlier questions, if we dont do that, then problem just gets worse because chips arent being produced. So, we are having to make that call at certain points, but what I can tell you is that priority is the installed base and keeping tools in manufacturing and output in a way for us and have chips for the industry.
Doug Bettinger: But Patrick, I can either or we are mitigating both at the same time, and its not exactly the same supply group that is creating a spare part and new equipment. So, its maybe as much an overlap as you might say.
Tim Archer: Not yet. Not every constraint right now exists on a part that would be a spare. Certain subsystems and our tools are not field replaceable spares units. So, there is some overlap but not entirely, as Doug said.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Patrick.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: And we will go to that last question from Atif Malik of Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Tim, you mentioned the gate all around selective edge revenues to double this year. I am curious about the size of this opportunity this year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. To be more specific, what I actually said was  yes. What I actually said was that the selective etch revenue would double. The selective ventures actually used in more applications than just get all around, and I dont think we are going to quantify the exact size of the business yet.
Atif Malik: Got it. And then is it possible for you to kind of quantify your exposure of sales to advanced packaging, heterogenic computing just in the ballpark?
Tim Archer: Yes. We  I dont know that we have actually quantified it. But what I would say is that we provide a number of the very critical steps there. Obviously, some of the processes that we have talked about in the past are electroplating. Our etching processes are both critical to some of the high aspect ratio of processes like through-silicon via or other parts of the process to go into 3D packaging. So, its a priority market for us, and we have been doing quite well for a number of years in that space.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks Atif.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back to Tina Correia for any additional or closing comments.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining our call today. We appreciate your support.
Operator: And so this concludes todays call. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-10-21 11:45:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation, September Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and we'll review our financial results for the September 2021 quarter and our outlook for the December 2021 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 o'clock PM, Pacific Time, this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina and welcome, everyone. Lam delivered a solid September quarter with revenues in line and earnings per share above the midpoint of our guided ranges. These results represent our sixth consecutive quarter of revenue and earnings per share growth for the Company. Over this time period, we have scaled our operations to support rapidly growing demand for our products and services. And as we look forward, we see continued strengthening across both leading-edge device segments and specialty technology markets. In response, we have expanded our manufacturing capacity at existing facilities in the United States, Korea, and Taiwan. In the September quarter, we celebrated the grand opening of our new Malaysia facility, which when fully ramped, will be the largest factory in our global network. And just last month, we announced a new factory in Oregon, primarily designed to meet increased demand for Lam tools and Foundry/Logic and advanced packaging applications. With these investments, we are building a solid foundation for delivering on our long-term growth objectives. In the near-term, however, we are not immune to the widely-reported supply chain constraints and elevated costs that continue to create new challenges for Lam and others across our industry. Our employees and supply chain partners are working tirelessly to meet the needs of our customers, and I would like to sincerely thank them for their efforts. From a wafer fab equipment spending perspective, we now see calendar 2021 ending in the mid $80 billion range. Overall, WFE is higher in the second half versus the first half of the year, with both DRAM and Foundry/Logic up in the second half, while NAND is more balanced. Demand remains strong, and while it's a bit early to give a specific forecast for calendar year 2022, indications are that it will be another year of WFE growth. We believe sustained strength in WFE spending is due to several factors, we have previously highlighted. First, drivers of semiconductor demand continue to broaden and sectors such as automotive, healthcare, and security are increasingly dependent on semiconductor content to deliver the performance requirements of end-users. As a result, we are seeing a strong uptick in trailing edge technology nodes served by our Reliant business. Our Reliant business has now posted 11 consecutive quarters of record revenues. And in calendar year 2021, we expect Reliant to outgrow WFE investment in this segment. Furthermore, high utilization rates across our installed base are driving strength in all sub segments of our DSPG business. And in the September quarter, CSBG revenues increased year-over-year by more than 30%. At the leading-edge, semiconductor content growth, large die, and rising capital intensity are fueling increased wafer starts and strong WFE spending. In Foundry/Logic for instance, the next-generation processor chip for a top smartphone maker is more than 20% larger than its prior iteration. In DRAM, higher capital intensity is being driven by the increasing need to correct single bit errors through the addition of an extra on-chip bit. In 3D NAND, increasing device layer counts and the resulting higher degree of manufacturing difficulty is requiring the addition of new deposition and etch processes to address stress management, defect control, and multi-stack integration challenges. As a result, we see the WFE investment required to achieve the same bit growth percentage over the next 5 years to be notably higher than the 5-year period just completed. However, as the leading equipment supplier to the 3D NAND market, we are investing in new and differentiated capabilities to ensure scaling remains cost effective. As one example, Lam has developed a new high-productivity cryo etch solution, which increases etch rates in high-aspect ratio features required for NAND devices with greater than 200 layers. We have installed this new capability at every major 3D NAND manufacturer for qualification with additional systems now shipping to support planned ramps to high-volume production next year. While initially developed to meet the demanding requirements of high-aspect ratio of etch in 3D NAND, we believe the technology may also have benefits for Foundry/LogicFoundry/Logic and DRAM at the leading edge, where we are presently engaged with customers on critical applications. Looking in more detail at the Foundry/Logic segment, we see spending at record levels. Lam's Foundry/Logic revenues are likewise set to grow significantly in 2021 and we expect this expansion to continue in 2022 as well. Foundry/Logic performance in the sub five nanometer era is being driven by both device architecture innovation and traditional area scaling. We're prioritizing technology development in three areas where we see the fastest growth and the greatest need, namely deposition and etch processes to support the efficient adoption of EUV patterning, new etch capabilities to enable the formation of critical transistor features, and new materials and deposition techniques to assist in RC management. In patterning, we're using the learning we have acquired over many years of multi-patterning etch leadership to win new applications as the industry adoption of EUV progresses. EUV requires use of special photoresist materials which, given the material composition, can amplify existing challenges with pattern roughness, and defectivity. Unaddressed, these will lead to performance in yield loss, especially at smaller device dimensions. Lam has developed critical etch and deposition technologies to help solve these EUV implementation issues. In etch, we introduced earlier this year a new pulse plasma etch capability that has demonstrated an order of magnitude reduction in EUV-related pattern defectivity. This innovative etch solution is currently shipping to leading Foundry/Logic customers. In deposition, hard masks and transfer films require enhanced mechanical properties in order to maintain fidelity of extremely small features and minimize line roughness. Utilizing a combination of proprietary hardware design and RF powered technology, we are depositing high-quality films that have replaced incumbent technologies such as PVD and spin-on materials at multiple Foundry/Logic customers. Related to the formation of critical transistor features, including gates, pins and source streams, we saw significant etch wins in September quarter. These wins continue to confirm the benefit of our unique plasma pulsing capabilities in conductor etch for gate all around and FinFet applications. For advanced device architectures, we also see ultra-high selectivity isotropic etch increasingly required. Lam's growing Selective Etch portfolio deliver superior results through a combination of process technologies and reactor innovations that include new chemistries and plasma sources. This has helped us win a greater number of applications in recent quarters. And finally, RC management continues to be a limiter on performance scaling, and we're seeing demand for our atomic layer deposition technologies as a result. Our Striker ALD system deposits thin locate films that can withstand harsh integration steps in encountered later in the process flow. These films have demonstrated the ability to reduce capacitance by 20% to 30%, and Stryker is now the tool of record at leading Foundry/Logic customers. This technology is also extendable to gate all around devices where there is an additional requirement of conformal coverage in recess cavities, which can then be selectively etched back. In Advanced Packaging, momentum remains strong with orders received in the September quarter from multiple Foundry/Logic customers for through-silicon via etch and deposition systems. Our experienced in high aspect ratio etching has allowed us to deliver a production-proven process with fast etch rates and smooth profiles, helping to minimize the cost of integrating TSVs in the overall flow. Similarly, for copper metallization, our SABRE 3D solution enables void-free fill by employing an innovative, advanced pre -treatment, and our high throughput electroplating process reduces cost of ownership. So to wrap up, we delivered a solid September quarter in an environment of ongoing supply chain challenges. We're seeing robust semiconductor demand across all segments, broadening of semiconductor applications across industries, and rising capital intensity. We are excited about the healthy outlook for WFE spending and believe our innovative product portfolio is poised to capture new opportunities as semiconductor technology continues to advance. Thanks again for joining. Now, here's Doug to cover the quarter in more detail.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our call today. Lam's delivered another quarter of strong results with revenue, operating income dollars, and earnings per share coming in at record levels in the September quarter. All financial metrics came in at or above the midpoint of our guidance, demonstrating our continued focus on operational execution. Weve achieved this performance while also navigating significant supply chain challenges. We're pleased with Lam's ability to scale the Company in this demanding environment. September quarter revenue was $4.3 billion, an increase of 4% from the June quarter, and more than 35% growth from a year ago. Looking at the breakout of the systems revenue. The Memory segment represented 64% of systems revenue in the September quarter, which was up from the prior quarter level at 59%. Memory growth was driven by investments in DRAM, primarily in the 1z and 1-alpha nodes. DRAM systems revenue nearly doubled in dollar terms, and grew from 10% in the June quarter to 19% in the September quarter. NAND segment concentration came in at 45% of our systems revenue versus 49% in the June quarter, and was flattish in dollar terms. Our NAND customers are investing in both capacity additions and conversions with equipment investments focused towards 128 layers through 192 layer devices. The Foundry segment spending represented 25% of our systems revenue compared with 35% in the June quarter. We're seeing investments in equipment for both leading-edge and mature device nodes from multiple sources of end-use demand, such as AI, IOT, cloud, and 5G. Logic and analog device companies are driving capacity additions at the foundries. There was notable growth in the Logic and Other segment, which hit a record level of systems revenue for Lam in the September quarter. Logic and Other contributed 11% of systems revenue in the September quarter, which is up from 6% in the June quarter, and it was driven by leading-edge immature nodes ramping from microprocessors, image sensors, power management, and 5G demand. Let me turn now to the regional composition of our total revenue. The China region came in at 37% of total revenues, which was flat with the prior quarter percentage level. The revenue from China domestic customers and multinational customers with fabs located in China was again fairly balanced in the September quarter. Korea and Taiwan regional spending represented 21% and 15% of revenues, respectively, in the September quarter. I do expect that the December quarter revenue will have a lower China concentration. The Customer Support Business Group revenue was nearly $1.4 billion, 34% higher than the September quarter in calendar 2020, and flat with the prior quarter level. As Tim noted, the Reliant product line that services specialty market delivered record results, and we also had solid results in the spares service and upgrade side with the focus on maximizing the productivity and value of being installed base tools, while supporting the high Fab utilization levels in the industry. I continue to have confidence that CSBG will grow revenue consistently on an annual basis. Let me now shift to margin performance. Our September quarter gross margin was 46% right at the midpoint of our guided range. I'd just remind you that our gross margin can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter due to overall business levels along with customer and product mix. The supply chain constraints discussed earlier, have resulted in elevated costs broadly, with freight and logistics costs continue to be one of the biggest headwinds. Additionally, we currently have margin dilution from our new factory in Malaysia, which is not yet operating at full capacity. We included these costs in our December quarter guidance as we expect they will remain for the near future. Operating expenses for September were $586 million, a slight increase from the prior quarter. We've continued to manage our expenses as we scale the Company with a strong focus on operational efficiencies, while prioritizing R&D spending to deliver a differentiated product portfolio that supports our customers' technology roadmaps. September operating margin exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range at 32.4% or approximately $1.4 billion. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 12.2%, generally in line with our expectations. And as we've noted in previous quarter calls, a tax rate may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. And you should expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low teens level for the 2021 calendar year. We continue to monitor potential tax changes under consideration in the United States, but we've not reflected the impact of any potential changes in our financial models at this point. Other income and expense came in for the quarter at $36 million in expense. This amount is higher than the prior quarter due to an unrealized gain we had in June for one of our private equity investments, partially offset by lower interest expense in the September quarter as a result of the payoff of our 2021 nodes last quarter. And just to note, OI&E is subject to market-related volatility that could cause a difference from our typical run rate. We were active in our buybacks during the September quarter, allocating over $1.2 billion towards share repurchases. We deployed this cash in a combination of open market repurchases, as well as an accelerated share repurchase program. This ASR will continue to execute in the December quarter. In addition, we paid $185 million in dividends in the quarter. I'd also like to highlight that in August, we announced a 15% increase in our quarterly dividend, growing it from $1.30 to $1.50 per share, which was paid in October. We're tracking very well to our capital return plans, with returns of over 100% of our free cash flow year-to-date in calendar year 2021. Diluted earnings per share for the September quarter was $8.36 above the midpoint of the guidance range. The diluted share count balance was down slightly from the June quarter level coming in at 143 million shares, generally in line with our expectations. Let me now shift to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, totaled $4.9 billion, which is down from the prior quarter. The decreation -- decrease in cash is attributed to the capital return activities that I described earlier. Additionally, the timing of shipments and resulting impact on accounts receivable, as well as an increase in our inventory balance consumed with cash in the quarter. A Day sale outstanding was up to 72 days from 66 days in the June quarter. Inventory turns were down slightly from the prior quarter level coming in at 3.2 times, which was planned as we've increased inventory levels to meet the increase in investments from our customers, as well as to help mitigate the challenges that we see in our supply chain. Non-cash expenses for the September quarter included approximately $58 million for equity compensation, $61 million for depreciation, and $19 million for amortization. Capital expenditures for the September quarter were up versus the June level coming in at $136 million. The increase in our expenditures is associated with capacity expansion in the network, in particular, at our critical spare parts facility in Ohio, as well as spending for our Korea Technology Center that will be formally opening in 2022. We expect to see elevated levels of capital expenditures in the remainder of calendar 2021 and into 2022 as we support the growth that we see in the business. We ended the September quarter with approximately 15,400 regular full-time employees, which is an increase of approximately 1300 people to meet the increased output levels and to support customers with their technology and production requirements. Let's now take a look at our non-GAAP guidance for the December 2021 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $4.4 billion, plus or minus $250 million. We continue to maintain a widened revenue range given the supply chain uncertainties that we mentioned. Gross margin of 46% plus or minus one percentage point. Operating margins up 32% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $8.45 plus or minus $0.50 based on a share count of approximately 142 million shares. And just an additional note, our guidance does not include an estimated gain related to one of our private equity investments that recently raised capital in a public offering. The gain as of today is in the $50 million range and is subject to market volatility. The amount recognized in our financials, as of the end of December '21 quarter, may fluctuate. And I will obviously give you an update at our next earnings release. So that in closing, we're experiencing ongoing output challenges in our global supply chain that are continuing to negatively impact both our revenue and gross margin. For improving known items while new items continue to emerge that we need to further work through, many times remained stretched and we continue to have unmet demand. Despite these constraints for operating at record levels in terms of revenue and earnings, while delivering the technology solutions or customers require. Industry demand remains strong as we look forward to growth in 2022. I remain very excited about the multitude of opportunities for the Company. And I'd obviously like to thank the dedicated Lam Research employees for their tireless support in this environment. Operator that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Doug, I'm hoping that you're not sick, you sound a little bit sick. Hopefully you're feeling okay. So I guess the first thing I wanted to say was that, can you quantify, Doug -- can you quantify what the gross margin headwind is right now. You talked about Malaysia and freight, is that 50 bps, 75 basis points? I'm just kind of wondering if you can quantify that for us. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Tim thanks. And thanks for the concern about my health. I'm doing quite well, frankly. I don't know, maybe just a little scratchy throat. I haven't quantified it, Tim, and I'm not going to now. Except what I've said in the past and I'll continue to say is, it's a notable headwind from where -- once we get through this environment, from where we will be, I'm not going to quantify, but just know this, it's notable.
Timothy Arcuri: It is. Okay, okay. And then, I guess, also you talked about China domestic being down sequentially for December. I assume some of that is Memory-related and I guess the question is, is that all sort of out of the system as you go into the first half of '22 or is -- are there still some headwinds in China related to some particular projects that may persist into the first half of '22?
Doug Bettinger: No, Tim. I don't see anything you really relative to China or timing of anything. Maybe I'm not quite getting at your question or maybe I don't understand the nature of the question, you want to try to redirect me a little bit?
Timothy Arcuri: Yeah. There's a pretty big project in China that has had -- I mean, it's been well-publicized. They've been having funding problems. They can't meet their commitments. So I'm just wondering if maybe that was part of the NAND softness in the back half of the year that you cited last call and I'm wondering sort of is that -- sort of I mean has that all played out now such that there's not like that's got still a headwind into the first half of next year?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I don't really see any change from a quarter ago of any major customer plans, and I won't refer to any one customer or another but no real change, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome. Okay, Doug. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: And next we'll go to Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and great job on the quarterly execution, guys. You know, the market is concerned that we're heading into a multi-quarter downturn in Memory, kind of similar to the 2018/2019 Memory downturn, which is a pretty severe 6-quarter downturn, but the one thing I clearly remember was that ahead of that downturn, your memory customers proactively cut their CapEx very, very rapidly. Now, if I look at it this time around, there's some near-term pricing weakness in memory. But the overall memory demand environment remains pretty strong, and I think most memory companies seem optimistic right under the baton outlook for next year. So I guess the question is, has the Lam team seen any signs similar to the 2018 downturn of customers either getting concerned or canceling or slight pushing out of shipments due to a concern on our projected memory downturn next year?
Tim Archer: Yeah. Harlan, let me take that first. I think the simple answer is no. When the vast majority of our conversations with customers today is still about delivering equipment that they feel they badly need to meet their near-term requirements. And as Doug mentioned in his prepared remarks, I would say lead times have stretched out to the point where our visibility into demand in '22 is better than usual. So I don't think that the hypes of initial indicators that you're talking about are things we're seeing right now. We feel much more constrained by supply chain challenges and ability to meet shipments and an over shipping situation.
Harlan Sur: Yeah. Thank you for the insights there. And then the one area that we continue to see demand which you alluded to is, obviously, strong demand for procuring specialty processes, analog microcontroller, RF. These guys are all dealing with supply issues. I know back at the Analyst Day, the team said that specialty market is going about 2 to 3 times faster than WFE. So is your Reliant business going faster than that 2 to 3x rate? And where is the team driving stronger than market growth, is it etch, is it deposition, or is it more based on platform performance like to put uptime or other productivity metrics? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question. So as I said in my script, the Reliant business is growing faster than the WFE investment in that segment, so it would imply we're picking up share there. That's -- I would say reasonably well balanced across our product portfolio. And you're right, in that market, a lot of that is about Lam's leadership in bringing both technology and productivity to our customers. So you're aware there are new decisions being made about toolsets or new fabs being established for those types of specialty products. We have a lot to offer relative to the -- hitting the cost targets that those customers are looking for.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Harlan.
Harlan Sur: Yup.
Operator: And next we'll go to John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Tim, I get that it's a little bit too early to get too granular on next year's WFE. And I know in your prepared comments, you said it's going to be another growth year. I'm wondering if you can give us some parameters of how you're viewing first half of next year versus the second half of this year.
Tim Archer: I think we're not going to give first half and second half of 2022, but we -- what we would say is we're exiting this year with significant unmet demand. We talked about a constrained environment, which means we enter 2022 with a lot of tailwinds relative to business, but I tried to, in my remarks, lay out some of the trends that we think over a slightly longer-term, maybe through 2022, on into 2023, are driving, not only demand. But really on the supply side, rising capital intensity, larger [Indiscernible], different architectures, new processes that need to be inserted into process flows to deal with increased manufacturing complexity. And those will be drivers for WFE structurally for a very long time. So I think there are a lot of things that will be positives for WFE in 2022, from an equipment perspective.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, Tim, as a follow-up, pretty big milestone in the Logic business. I think this quarter's revenue was about a 1/3 higher than prior peak. It's the first time you've been run rating over $1 billion ever. And I know you've kind of talked about some of the things, you prepared comments that are driving that, but to what extent do you believe that this is sustainable? To what extent is a TAM growth in Logic versus kind of your market share, and SAM growth starting to kick in? And any sort of view on sustainability from these levels?
Tim Archer: Let's say it's probably a combination of both us expanding into some new applications that I talked about related to emerging device architectures. Did all around new processes like selective etch technologies that are expanding our market opportunity, but also share gains. So I mean it's -- we've seen the increase in spending in the Foundry/Logic area, and for a number of years, we've been focused on developing products that bring real value to customers in that space. And what we always said was, we have to be a little patient because changes in the Foundry/Logic won't come a little more slowly than in the Memory world and I would say you're starting to see the fruits of those qualification efforts starting to play out in our actual business results.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, John.
Operator: And next we'll go to C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. I guess first question, I'm hoping to go back to supply constraints. And Doug, can you perhaps speak on the revenue side where are you seeing the impact? Is it primarily due to perhaps a slower ramping in Malaysia? Are you seeing it across all products or limited to a few? And then I'm curious as part of that, is it impacting CSBG both for Reliant and upgrades or less so there?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, C.J., thanks for the question. Frankly, when I look at what we're doing with our own internal manufacturing capability, but that's not what the biggest constraint is. It's getting back into the supply chain. I think we've done quite a nice job actually accelerating the ramp of the factory in Malaysia. Tim referred to all the places that we're opening new capacity. We're adding capability pretty much everywhere internally in the network. But as we get further and further down the road and demand continues to be quite strong. We're beginning to see constraints in the supply chain. So we have to work our way back up through some of those things. And that's the biggest thing we're dealing with right now, C.J. Tim, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Tim Archer: No, I guess I'd just reiterate. We build incredibly complex machines. They do amazing things on the wafer. They require a lot of parts from a lot of different suppliers to do that, including tremendous amount of semiconductors themselves. And so when we've heard so much about chip shortages, we're clear that hit some of our machines and it only takes a few of those critical chips to delay us being able to ship what otherwise is a very complex system. So we, as Doug said, just have to work down through the supply chain through lots of suppliers to find out where those pinch points are. And it's a daily activity but so far we're working through there and being able to deliver growth and also meet the most urgent needs of our customers. That's really our key focus.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. As my follow-up, I get the sense whenever I have conversations with you both that you feel like investors under-appreciate your Foundry/Logic exposure. And so, within your slide deck and then prepared comments, you talked quite a bit about new [Indiscernible] design wins. And so, I'm curious, I think over the last three years, your SAM or as a percentage of Foundry/Logic's running around 8%, 9%, when do you think we see an inflection based on these design wins and what should we be looking for to gauge that? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yeah, it's a great question and I'm glad you noted. I spent a lot more time on these prepared remarks talking about Foundry/Logic. I think our Memory story in leadership there is pretty well understood. And we want to make sure that people understand the progress we're making in Foundry/Logic and also the new opportunities that are being created for us. And so many of those are for more advanced technologies. It's where device architecture changes or things like a new RC management requirement. RC requirement drives need for new films or new deposition techniques. And so I would just say, at each technology node, we're seeing an inflection, we're seeing more of our equipment have a chance to get inserted, get qualified and become part of the process of record. So I don't think you're going to see like a single point in time or single node greasy big jump up, or you're going to see the steady progression as we made progress on both SAM expansion and share gains.
C.J. Muse: Helpful. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: The next will go to Krish Sankar from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one, I think I just want to clarify, Tim or Doug, it seems like the supply chain constraints are impacting your revenue even though demand is strong and it's impacting your margins. So should we assume this $4.4 billion revenue, 46% gross margin, is where you're going to be saturated until the supply constraints ease? Or do you think it's going to be more gradual recovery. And then I had a follow-up.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Let me start and then I'll let Tim add on. Krish, I think some of the cost headwinds, we're seeing in during be around for a while, especially what I intimated. We're doing our best to work through it in an efficient and effective manner. But frankly, we're spending money to try to continue to increase our output capability. And like I said in my prepared remarks, we're making progress on lots of different things, but we didn't see other things popping up in -- like I said, we're working our way back through the supply chain and Tim referred the fact that actually semiconductors are constraining us a little bit. We're doing our best to work through it. We're mitigating problems. We're incrementally increasing capability as we go. And I think it's going to get better bit by bit is what I would describe, Krish. I don't know, Tim, you want to --
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think that's a pretty good explanation. It will continue to improve as we knocked down each of the problems that come up and assuming that there aren't bigger surprises, we would see ourselves gradually improving from this point forward. Just as we had supply constraints in the September quarter and managed through those and we will have more in the December quarter. It's constrained but we're managing to knock enough off that. We're showing some incremental growth, and I think that's what you could probably expect to continue to see.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Very helpful. And then a follow-up for you, Tim. You spoke about the cryo etch product, which kind of makes a ton of sense given the extremely long etch times today in 3D NAND. And you also said, this also improves etch rate. But isn't it a negative for you since customers would need sure of your etch tools, or is this needed to protect and grow your market share?
Tim Archer: Well, I think that's like all things when you're providing the technology that's needed to not only enabled current nodes but future technology nodes, we have an obligation to drive both technology and productivity and make sure the scaling is cost-effective and the roadmap continues. And so, this is our effort to not only differentiate our technology further for many companies that may try to develop similar technologies, but also to help our customers with those transitions and accelerate in the state of the art of NAND.
Doug Bettinger: Hey Krish, I will just remind you something. Tim said in the scripted remarks, that as we look at the NAND investment required generating the bit growth over the next 5 years as compared to the previous 5 years, it's increasing. That includes cryo rolling out and increasing etch rates as a result of that.
Tim Archer: Yes.
Krish Sankar: Got it. I think that's a very fair explanation. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wanted to ask about NAND. Tim, in your opening remarks, you had mentioned that the five-year spending in NAND needs to be higher than the last five years; I think is what you said. In terms of any quantification of how much that isn't -- just any qualification of why layer count is that much more capital intensive. You're increasing layers in the last five years or increasing layers in the next five years, what is it that drives up the capital intensity? Thanks.
Tim Archer: Sure. We did say that the WFE required to achieve the same percentage of bit growth would be higher the next five years, and it's a number of things. One is, as the layer count continues to increase, certain processes scale, as we've said, non-linearly. So it takes longer to etch a stack that's twice as high, takes more than 2x longer. And that's why we need to introduce new technologies like cryo etching and other processes to keep that escalation of process times to a reasonable level. Same thing can happen with deposition as you're trying to control uniformities and defects as stacks become much higher and taller. And so in addition to that, I mentioned several steps that get added. So as you start to stack higher, the wafer stress and bowl becomes a much bigger challenge. And so now you have to add extra steps, like Lam's stress management deposition tool. Those additional steps add to the WFE required to add bit of NAND. And so that is -- it's a combination of both new steps to deal with complexity, as well as new processes required to deal with kind of non-linear scaling process times.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: And next we'll go to Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one, I wanted to take a look at the Foundry business. So it was down like 25% sequentially and it looks like it was down year-over-year, what seems to be a very, very strong foundry spending environment. So why was that? Can you tell us a little bit what's going on in that end market? Why was it down?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, nothing goes up every single quarter. There's ebbs and flows. It's a second half weighted Foundry/Logic's spending profile. It's going to be a good quarter in December. But when you got to concentrate instead of a couple of really big customers, it's lumpy at times, so I think that's the only thing I'd tell you about it.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. I guess to follow up on that in terms of what might be implied for the trajectory into Q4. So you said Foundry/Logic up second half versus first half, DRAM up second half versus first half, NAND more balanced. I guess --
Doug Bettinger: Right.
Stacy Rasgon: -- given where NAND is, and given where DRAM is, I'd like -- in order to have that foundry still to be up in the second half, I need to be have dram down considerably in December quarter in order to get foundry up. Is that what you have in mind? Or when you say Foundry/Logic growing in the second half, do you mean just as a combination growing?
Doug Bettinger: It's a combination with you, right? You said Foundry/Logic and DRAM up in the second half and many more balanced.
Stacy Rasgon: I guess what I'm asking is, you see Foundry and Logic bulk up in the second half or just the combination. Because I can't really get Foundry up in the second half unless they've got DRAM down a bunch in the end of December quarter, just mathematically. Like thinking about this, [Indiscernible] or what?
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, we're combining Foundry and Logic together when I described it.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, guys. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes.
Operator: And next we'll go to Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for your question. I have 2 as well. Just curious to a couple of prior questions on the Logic segment. On the friendly, you talked about really trailing edge kind of driving that big spike. But I think to a prior question, you kind of mentioned some of the feature wins you have at the leading edge. So just maybe going to kind of revisit that. And when you talk about -- I think you said that it could maybe stay at this level to John's question. Is that just the trailing edge or are you seeing that leading edge starting to come in even in the December quarter?
Tim Archer: Yeah. Maybe -- we didn't want to mislead here. I mean, we talked about the Reliant business and trailing-edge as a notable area of strength for Lam, and a sign of this broadening of demand across many, many different use cases, including industries like our own, where we're consuming a tremendous amount of that type of chip. But we do have significant business at what we've told the current leading-edge. And what I was trying to point out where is how our SAM expands with new processes and how our win rate is increasing, we believe, as new inflections come into play. So that's all built into our numbers today. But we do think that from our share of WFE going forward as these technology inflections at Foundry/Logic take place, we would see that driving higher over the next several years.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And then maybe a question for Doug on gross margin. It sounded like there's still some variability in the outlook. Some question about whether new factors like Malaysia to get better. And just kind of curious of your foundry customers are raising pricing, their customers are raising pricing, everybody's raising pricing. Is there a lever that you can also pull as an industry on pricing? I was just curious of your thoughts.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Blayne. We're doing our best to get paid fairly for what we're delivering to customers and get paid for the value we are delivering. So that's an ongoing activity at the Company. And a lot of our pricing arrangements are on an annual basis, renegotiated. And clearly, we're focused on trying to get the gross margin to improve over time. So that'll be a part of it.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Blayne.
Operator: And next we'll go to Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. My first question is on 2022. I realize it's early. You guys talked about your expectations for the market to be up. How are you thinking about the 4 device types? If you had to rank order the four, how would you go about doing that? And more importantly, how should we think about Lam's ability to outperform the market in '22? I guess the big concern is, you know, Memory is, you know, flat to flattish maybe, and Logic and Foundry continue to be the big drivers. All else equal, that would be a bit of a headwind for you guys just given your customer mix. But at the same time, you've talked about all these design wins and your market share growth in Foundry/Logic. So other than that, how should we think about your performance for the WFE?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Toshiya. It's too soon for us to give you a specificity in 2022. When we look into the year though of 2022, I'm very confident on the growth here. I believe every segment of the business is actually going to be pretty strong next year, but I'm not really ready to parse it one versus another quite yet. Obviously, we'll do that for you next quarter. And I feel really good about where we're positioned, right. Tim talked a lot about the trajectory of our business in Foundry and Logic. We've always been strong in memory and I believe we're going to continue to do extremely well there. So too soon for me to parse it there. And by the way, I think CSBG is going to have a good year next year, right? When I put it all together, I think we're very well-positioned and going to continue to be. And stay tuned. We'll give you a little more specificity on the December quarter call.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then a quick follow-up on your last point, Doug, on CSBG. You talked about the Reliant business having a record quarter, which I guess implies that your spare parts business and other parts of your business could've been down a little bit. And I appreciate your point about there being some lumpiness, if you will, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but if you can speak to what you're seeing in the non-Reliant business in CSBG near-term, that would be helpful. And then I guess you sort of addressed this in your prior answer, but how confident are you that calendar '22 can be another up year after what's been a very strong year in CSBG? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Hi Toshiya, you're right. There's lumpiness to different aspects of it. Tim specifically said 11 consecutive quarters of record revenue for Reliant. Obviously, there's ebb and flow and other stuff as inventory builds a little bit. Upgrades can be a little bit lumpy at times depending on what's going on in the installed-base. But I will tell you, when I think about CSBG going into next year, it's been a very strong year in terms of our chamber shipment this year. That's the opportunity to continue to have CSBG grow into next year, and that's why I have pretty high confidence that this business will grow every single year. It may not grow every single quarter, right? We were flat this quarter, but we're shipping a lot of chambers this year and I feel pretty good about what that's going to mean for CSBG next year.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned the supply situation could improve over the next several quarters. I'm curious. What do you think changes to help that? Is that actions you are taking, is that actions your suppliers are taking? I'm just curious, what's kind of behind your confidence that supply situation can actually improve from here?
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think it would be perhaps actions we're taking with our suppliers. I mean, it's about helping to prioritize our critical supply chain partners towards some things that are most important to meeting output quarter-by-quarter. The actions we've taken ourselves, we've kind of detailed those out. If we look back 6 months ago or more, we were talking about physical capacity, needing to open factories, expand factories, and we've really taken care of a lot of our own actions. But in a very complex supply chain, we've got to do the same work with all of our partners and they've been great through that, but there's still more work to be done and we just anticipate that over the next several quarters we'll make -- we'll continue to make progress.
Vivek Arya: All right. Thanks, Tim. And for my follow-up, you sound more confident about next year, both on the tools and the CSBG site. Is that based on the backlog of orders? Is that based more on structural drivers? And where I'm coming from is that customers are seeing the current state of the industry and supply shortages. What gives you the confidence there, not over-ordering given this environment that these orders are for real? So if you look at your confidence about next year, how would you contrast those signals to what you usually have at this point in prior years?
Tim Archer: Yeah, that's a very good question. Something we watch closely, we want to make sure that demand is as real as possible. I mentioned our lead times, our conversations with customers, our understanding of projects, I would say is better at this point because our customers planning for very big projects, mega fabs. They're experiencing difficulties in getting equipment. And so, we're having a much deeper conversations with them about how we can ensure that that equipment be available when they need it. And so, I would say, compared to normal, we have a little bit longer visibility than we typically have had.
Doug Bettinger: And Vivek, obviously, we know every fab in the world, how big it is, how much equipment it can take. And we think through that as we're talking to customers about when they want equipment in those clean room spaces. So that goes into part of the thinking as well.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Patrick Ho from Stifel. Your line is open.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much, and congrats on a really nice quarter given the environment. Doug, maybe just a follow-up question on the Customer Support Business Group. You guys have done a really, really good job growing the Reliant business. Obviously, the team of that marketplace is growing and youre capitalizing from that. Are you getting any quote share wins because customers, especially on that front, are looking for more productivity near our new materials engineering that's going on in some of those, I guess, trailing etch processed. Are you actually gaining share also and getting placements in -- with the Reliant business for some of those more mature nodes?
Doug Bettinger: That's a good question, Patrick. Yeah, we are. We go to market there through the Reliant product line, as you know, which refurbished equipment is, and increasingly we're selling new equipment. And when I look at some of the new customers or customers that are taking equipment, it's -- our footprint is doing quite well, frankly, in the specialty space and we have some very specific things that were very, very strong at. So yeah, I think we're doing well. I don't know Tim if --
Tim Archer: I guess what I would just add is, you know, as people are trying to work through supply constraints and increase their output out as a fab, most valuable part of our CSBG business to them is the productivity upgrades segment. Those are upgrades that can be applied to existing equipment. Many times, not even really changing the process. It might be software optimization to optimize the wafer handling through the machine and thereby gain some small improvement in throughput. We definitely see as utilizations really hit max levels, people looking for productivity upgrades they can implement to squeeze more out of installed base, so that part of our business always does quite well, but I would say in this environment doing quite well.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: And next we'll go to Sidney Ho from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. My first question is going back to supply constraint. I got to give this a strike. If you look at your revenue year-to-date, how much more revenue do you think you could have shipped if there were no constraints? If you are not answering quantitatively, are there some metrics that you can point to help -- you can point at to help us think about that dynamic before revenue orders? I know you don't disclose orders anymore.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. No, Sidney. We're not going to quantify right now, but we are constrained, our lead times are stretched. It's a decent amount of unmet demand. I mean, there's a reason that I said unmet demand, lead time, and so forth. We're working our way through it. But I'm not going to quantify.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Maybe I'll switch over to ask about the Memory side. What are your thoughts about the bit supply growth run rate exiting this year for DRAM and NAND. It seems like some of the CapEx spending in the early part of this year should turn into output by the end of this year. And kind of relate d to that, I assume most of the Memory CapEx will be for technology transition, but how should we think about what portion of the WFE is more driven by wafer additions and hence are more variable in nature? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Sidney. What I like about NAND and DRAM this year, it's a combination of both wafer ads and you always get node conversions in both NAND and DRAM. And that's very much what we see going on, more wafer adds this year than last year. Obviously, that's just natural where demand is in the industry. And when I think about supply growth, both, when I look at the investments that are occurring this year, I think NAND is pretty balanced in terms of supply, demand, growth for the year. I think DRAM is still a little bit constrained, frankly. So that's generally what I see, what we see at Lam.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Sidney.
Operator: And next we'll go to Joe Quatrochi from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go back to your comment around WFE investment required to achieve the same bit growth in NAND. I was just -- how do you compare that growth in that required investment that DRAM is one growing faster than the other?
Doug Bettinger: Not sure I got the question. Try it one more time.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes. So I mean, you talked about the increase in investment for -- to drive the same amount of bit growth in NAND. I assume that that's a similar trend that we're seeing in DRAM. But I was curious of is NAND growing faster than DRAM, that level of investment to drive a bid growth, or is DRAM investment growing faster?
Doug Bettinger: You are absolutely right that they are both growing in order to get the same amount of bid growth. I'm not ready to compare one to the other necessarily, but they're both growing. It's getting more and more challenging capital intensity. Is going up to get the same level of big growth in both NAND and DRAM.
Joe Quatrochi: Okay. Fair enough. And then just as a follow-up, 3D DRAM seems to be this growing topic of interest. I was just curious, what are Lams thoughts in terms of the timing of that? And then just the opportunity for you guys looking out to that technology?
Tim Archer: Well, it's still pretty far out from a production perspective. But clearly, what we've always said is that anything that transitions devices in the third dimension requires a lot of etch and deposition equipment to build and create those complex 3-dimensional structures. So, clearly, a great opportunity for Lam as that inflection takes place. But I can say is, of course, we're engaged at this point in the early days of developing what those architectures and materials will look like. And as we get closer to defining those processed [Indiscernible] I'm sure there will be more discussion about that part of our business.
Joe Quatrochi: Helpful. Thank you.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham. Your line is open.
Quinn Bolton: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Doug, I just wanted to come back to that unmet demand. I know you're not going to quantify it, but if you just look back over the past couple of quarters, has that continued to grow even as you've been able to increase capacity and revenue?
Doug Bettinger: I'm not going to tell you how its moved sequentially. It was there last quarter, it's there this quarter. We're working to mitigate it, work our way through it, but I'm not going to compare it one quarter to the next.
Quinn Bolton: Get it. And the second question, just follow-up on Malaysia. Do you have any sense, or could you give us any sense when you think that stops being a drag? Is that still a couple of quarters out, or is that something you'd rather not specify?
Doug Bettinger: It will get better as we ramp the factory. And I think by the time we get to the second half of '22, it will begin to be a benefit to gross margin as opposed to a headwind. We just need to get a ramp, those fixed costs there, and we're working on that.
Quinn Bolton: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Thanks, Quinn. Okay. Operator, I think that's it for us. Do you want to close this out?
Tina Correia: Yeah. We just want to tell everyone we appreciate your support and thank you for joining our call today.
Operator: And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the June 2021 Quarter Financial Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and well review our financial results for the June 2021 quarter and our outlook for the September 2021 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 o'clock PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website, along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina, and welcome everyone. Our June quarter results reflect continued strong execution across our systems and services businesses. The quarter came in well above expectations with record revenues of $4.15 billion and earnings per share of $8.09. We also generated record cash from operations in the quarter of $1.4 billion. The June quarter marked the end of Lam's fiscal year, and despite a challenging operating environment, we delivered the highest revenue in the company's history. Compared to the prior fiscal year, revenues grew more than 45% to $14.6 billion. Earnings per share increased at an even faster pace to a record $27.25 in fiscal year 2021, more than 70% higher than in fiscal year 2020. The demand environment for semiconductor equipment remains strong. And we now see wafer fabrication equipment spending in calendar 2021 trending above $80 billion. While absolute WFE spending levels have risen to new highs, we remain confident in the health and sustainability of the industry at these levels. Wafer fab equipment spending as a percentage of semiconductor industry operating profit remains within historical ranges, and semiconductors continue to enable critical technology transformations such as AI, 5G, high performance computing and IoT. We believe, robust semiconductor demand, rising device manufacturing complexity, and strategic regional investments are powerful drivers for multi-year WFE spending. By device segments, we see strength across NAND, DRAM and Foundry/Logic in calendar 2021. Against the backdrop of broad demand, increasing device manufacturing complexity plays well to Lam's strength in critical applications, and continues to create new growth opportunities. Looking at the past five years, as manufacturing complexity increased in NAND with the transition to 3D, Lam gained over six points of share of WFE in this segment, and leads the next closest supplier by about eight points of customer spend. In the June quarter, we secured another win for a critical deposition application, and are now the tool of record for all NAND manufacturers for this process. Instrumental to our success has been the differentiation afforded by our quad station chamber design. Our multi station architecture refined over many years, allows us to use sequential processing to precisely tailor film properties to meet the needs of next generation devices without compromising the productivity required for high volume NAND, DRAM and Foundry/Logic manufacturing. Another example where we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from rising complexity is through our enablement of higher quality surface conditioning. Surface properties have been shown to greatly impact device performance. And existing surface preparation methods are in many cases insufficient to meet the stricter requirements for new materials, and tighter dimensional control at advanced nodes. For the Foundry/Logic segment, we recently introduced a range of novel, selective edge strip and surface treatment solutions that use our ultra-high selectivity, zero damage process capability to remove unwanted materials with minimal impact to other layers. We are gaining significant momentum with this new approach, with multiple Lam tools selected by a large customer in the June quarter, as tool of record for leading-edge applications. We plan to share more details on this innovation in the near future. Additional opportunities for Lam are being driven by the need for higher pattern fidelity, as Foundry/Logic pitch tolerance is tightened. For extremely small features, the relationship between change in resistance to change in dimension is exponential, therefore necessitating an extreme level of precision in device fabrication and advanced nodes. Even small variations in pattern roughness can degrade RC and transistor speed. In response, we have developed edge solutions such as our RF plasma pulsing capability to reduce line roughness by up to 30%. This technology has proven to be a key enabler for many critical edge applications. And when combined with our proprietary uniformity and RF power solutions, has helped Lam maintain our overall market-leading position in multi patterning edge. As the industry transitions to even more demanding EUV patterning, we are seeing success applying these technology solutions to win new EUV patterning steps. Solving complex scaling challenges including transitions to 3D structures in Foundry/Logic and DRAM will not be accomplished without deeper collaboration across the ecosystem. Our customers are increasingly highlighting the need for closer partnerships with the equipment industry, to meet their overall device performance and cost roadmaps. As a result, we continue to expand R&D investments closer to customers, with the aim of accelerating new application development, shortening cycles of learning and strengthening our understanding of the customer's most difficult problems. In addition to these regional R&D investments, I am pleased to announce that we recently shipped our first modules from our new Malaysia factory. This new facility adds resiliency to our global manufacturing network, creates capability closer to key customers and supply chain partners, and provides us with urgently needed capacity to support our continuing growth. I would like to acknowledge the tremendous efforts of the Lam employees and partners that completed the Malaysia project on time, despite the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. In our customer support business, June quarter revenue growth again outpaced growth in chamber count. Our service upgrades and reliant businesses all delivered record quarters. Reliant has now shown growth for 10 consecutive quarters, driven by strong investments in power, CIS and non-leading edge foundry. We achieved in the quarter a key edge penetration, and one of the top 5G RF providers, exhibiting our technical leadership in this space. Also, the spares team executed a major contract and a key customer in Asia, which secures a stream of revenue from our installed base. While, quarter-on-quarter CSPG growth rates can vary based on customer investment patterns, we are very well-positioned to deliver strong calendar year growth with a portfolio of products and services focused on our customers' operational success. We are increasing the productivity of our customers tools and extending the life of their equipment, which contributes to lowering the overall environmental impact of semiconductor manufacturing. On the topic of sustainability, I would like to share a few highlights for the company. In June, we released our annual environmental, social and governance report. I am very proud of our organization's efforts last year to support the needs of the communities in which we work and live, to keep our employees safe to the COVID-19 pandemic and to advance inclusion and diversity across our global workplace. This year's report introduced our goals of operating on 100% renewable energy by 2030, and achieving carbon net zero by 2050. We are driving innovations in product and process solutions in support of our sustainability objectives. For instance, our new Sense.i etch platform improves power efficiency, and requires less aluminum raw material for tool construction. Our new drivers this technology uses five to 10 times less chemistry, and two times less energy than the current process of record. Our parts cleaning, repair, refurbishment, and recoding services are enabling more reuse and lessening waste. These solutions drive sustainability and make Lam products more competitive in the marketplace. I encourage you to check out our report on our website to learn more. So to wrap up, we had an outstanding quarter and fiscal year. Most importantly, as we look to the future, we see rising device complexity and continuing transitions to 3D architectures driving growth of the Lam. Thank you all for listening today. Now here's Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today on what I know is a very busy earning season. As the world continues to face challenges with the pandemic, I hope you and your families have been safe and healthy since we last spoke with you. Lam continued to deliver outstanding performance with record quarterly revenue, operating income and earnings per share in the June 2021 quarter. Our revenue, gross margin and operating income came in at or above the midpoint of our guidance, and earnings per share were above our guidance range. We're extremely pleased with our operational execution. And we thank all of our customers, suppliers and employees for their dedication and support. Our revenue for the June quarter was $4.15 billion, represented an increase of 8% from the March quarter. We had record revenue in both our systems and our customer support business group. Now I'll turn to the details on systems revenue. The memory segment continues to be an area of strength for Lam and represented 59% of systems revenue in the June quarter. The NAND segment concentration was essentially flat with the prior quarter at 49% of our systems revenue, and again hit another record level in terms of revenue dollars. We saw customer investments in both capacity ads and conversions with spending primarily on 128 layer class devices. In the DRAM segment, we had 10% of our June quarter systems revenue versus 14% in the prior quarter. The DRAM investments were concentrated mainly in the 1z and 1-alpha nodes. And I would just mention, we do see DRAM spending strengthening into the second-half of this year. For the Foundry segment, we had our second consecutive quarter of record revenues, coming in at 35% of our June systems revenue, as compared with 31% in the March quarter. Foundry spending is occurring in both leading-edge and mature technologies to meet the end demand for various market drivers like AI, 5G in gaming, as well as specialty chips needed for things like IoT, image sensors and power devices. And finally, logic and other contributed the remaining 6% of systems revenue in the June quarter, which was essentially flat to the prior quarter percentage. Now, looking at the regional profile of our total revenue, the China region came in at 37% of our total revenues, up from 32% in the March quarter. The spending profile for the China region was generally balanced between the domestic and multinational customers with their fabs that are located in China. The Korea region also continued to be very strong in the June quarter, representing 30% of revenues. CSPG which is our installed base business came in at nearly $1.4 billion, which as I noted is another high point for this group. The revenue level is an increase of 6% from the March quarter and 49% higher than the same quarter in 2020. All of the sub segments of this business are delivering excellent performance. The reliant product line, that serves specialty market, upgrades where we're extending the life of our customers tools, as well as spares and service, that are supporting the high industry utilizations. All sub segments strongly contributed in the quarter. So let me shift to profitability, June quarter gross margin was 46.5%, right at the midpoint of the guided range. I'll remind you that our gross margins fluctuate quarter-to-quarter due to overall business levels, along with customer and product mix. I would mention there continues to be elevated air freight and logistics costs due to the COVID environment impacting us in the current quarter, which are also reflected in the September quarter guidance. Operating expenses for June were $574 million, slightly higher than the prior quarter. You may note in our earnings release, that we did incur a charge during the quarter of approximately $6 million related to an asset impairment of the product line that we're shutting down. This charge was excluded from our non-GAAP operating expenses. We've demonstrated our ability to scale a company profitably, as we've continued to decrease operating expenses as a percent of revenue. I'll also note that we've continued to prioritize R&D spending to ensure that we have the resources to continue to build on our technically differentiated leadership positions, and we've maintained an emphasis on R&D spending, and it continues to represent approximately two-thirds of our operating expenses. June quarter operating margin showed solid performance coming in over the midpoint of our guidance range at 32.6%, reflecting strong gross margin and operating expense management. This operating income percentage represents an all-time high watermark for Lam Research. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 12.6%, generally in line with our expectations. As weve noted in prior call, our tax rate will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. We expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low teens level for the 2021 calendar year. And I would just mention, we're continuing to monitor potential tax changes that are under discussion in the current United States Administration. Other income and expense was approximately $23 million in expense, which is lower than the prior quarter as a result of a $30 million market gain in one of our venture capital investments. As we previously noted, OI&E is subject to market related volatility that could cause a difference from any typical run rate. And also just to remind you, beginning in the March quarter of 2020, the benefits and costs of our employee deferred compensation plan are no longer mismatched in our non-GAAP results. This mismatch was $17 million for the June 2021 quarter. And if you're interested you can see the details in the GAAP reconciliation tables in the earnings release. Now, let me shift to capital return, we paid $185 million in dividends and allocated $440 million towards share buyback. This is in line with our long-term capital return plans of 75% to 100% of our free cash flow. Earnings per share came in at $8.09, above the guidance range. The outperformance is due to the higher revenue and expense management, as well as the favorability, I noted in OI&E. The diluted share count balance was down slightly from the March quarter level coming in at 144 million shares. During the June quarter, we redeemed the remaining 2041 convertible notes, which I'm happy to tell you is the less convert that was in our capital structure. Let me shift to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash totaled $6 billion, which is flat with the prior quarter. We had record performance in the June quarter for cash flows from operations, which came in at $1.4 billion. During the quarter, our cash generation was deployed the pay down of $800 million of senior notes that were due in June, as well as cash outlays for the capital return activities that I mentioned. Day sales outstanding was flat to the March quarter at 66-days. Inventory turns were up slightly from the prior quarter level coming in at 3.3 times. June quarter non-cash expenses included approximately $56 million for equity compensation, $60 million for depreciation and $18 million for amortization. We're investing in increasing our capacity and support of customers. And as a result, capital expenditures for the June quarter were up from the March level and came in at $105 million. We have investments occurring around the globe with our new Malaysia factory, which is formally opening this quarter, expansion in our U.S. critical spare parts facility in Ohio, and R&D investments in our new Korean lab facility. We expect to see somewhat elevated levels of capital expenditures in the remainder of calendar year 2021, as we support these growth initiatives. The headcount level ending June quarter was approximately 14,100 regular full time employees. Resources have been added in our factories and in the field, to meet the increased output levels and to support customers in their technology evaluations, as well as tool installation requirements. My final commentary to touch on for the June quarter is a follow-up in the ESG space, which obviously is strategically important for Lam Research. In June, we extended and upsized our revolving credit facility to $1.5 billion. We transitioned this facility to a sustainability linked revolver, which includes a pricing structure that is linked to certain performance metrics for energy savings, and employee safety. In addition to the ESG focus areas that Tim noted, this credit facility is further demonstration of our commitment to integrate ESG principles into all aspects of how we operate as a company. So now looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the September 2021 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $4.3 billion, plus or minus $250 million. Gross margin of 46%, plus or minus one percentage point. Operating margins of 32%, plus or minus one percentage point. And finally earnings per share of $8.10, plus or minus $0.50, based on a share count of approximately 143 million shares. We continue to maintain a widened revenue range, as we work to mitigate ongoing output challenges in our global supply chain. These supply chain challenges are also driving a modest headwind in our guided gross margin. Customer demand continues to look strong in the second-half of 2021 as well as into next year. Lam is operating at record levels of financial performance, as a result of the tireless efforts of our operational organizations and supply chain partners. We continue to progress on our longer-term share gain objectives, with investments in new platforms like Sense.i and dry resist. We'd like to thank the company for rising to the challenge and delivering on these objectives. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Tim, notwithstanding your comments and your prepared commentary about still feeling comfortable with the industry is spending at healthy levels. We're also here it's all too seductive to kind of look at where your NAND quarterly revenue run rate is today, and go back and look at where that peaked in 18 to see that its higher. And I guess maybe you can help us out if you think about just the overall growth in complexity of NAND since 18, and I guess more importantly, your market share gains. How do we look at this number the June quarter and compare it to sort of a 1.287 you did in the March 18 quarter?
Tim Archer: Yeah, it's obviously a question that we spend a lot of time thinking about. And I think you've hit on the most important point, which is what does it meant for Lam to see not only the transition to 3D, which I gave some elements of how it changed our position in terms of share of WFE over the last five years. That was my comment over six points of share gain of WFE. But more importantly, what are we doing going forward to ensure kind of durability in this business, meaning defending the positions we've worked hard to gain, but also benefiting from the complexity that's occurring because of layer scaling. And that's really our product focus. And so maybe to talk about complexity, number of layers increasing clearly is driving a strong demand for the tools that deposit those film stacks, etch the holes in those film stacks, and backfill them with the metallization. Those are the strongest positions Lam has within NAND. And we feel extremely good about there our defensibility of those positions. But even those are seeing changes. And so it's different materials, for instance, to reduce line resistance. We're seeing new opportunities for new tools. We talked about the vector DT dealing with stress issues as layer count increase. Those things didn't exist, just that application didn't exist just years ago. We're seeing the transition to ALV gapfill again, that application did not exist as an ALB film, and therefore not within Lam's wheelhouse at the last peak. And so, not only have we grown our existing positions, because the more layers, we've actually added more critical steps to the process. And I think it bodes well. At every peak, our goal is to expand our serve market in a way that if we come out stronger and bigger peak to peak.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And if I could follow-up, Doug, in your commentary, you talked about expectation for DRAM growth to accelerate from here. I think year-to-date, you guys are up about 13% versus the same period last year. You've had guys like ASML talk about DRAM CapEx being up as much as 60% for them. Now, clearly, they're benefiting from some easy assertion, but any numbers you can put around by how big of an acceleration do you expect in the back-half of the year?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, John, I'm not going to quantify it, because I never do when we're looking in the on segments, but it's going to grow nicely in the second-half. It's going to grow nicely because of our patterning positions. And, I feel really good about the trajectory when I look into the second-half for DRAM. It's going to be a good second-half. Let's leave it at that.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from C.J. Muse of Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question on gross margins. Doug, can you give us a little more granularity on what's driving the headwind sequentially? And I guess, as part of that, would love to hear how we should be thinking about the ramp of Malaysia capacity and the impact of gross margins over time?
Doug Bettinger: Thanks for the question, C.J., I expected this one pretty quickly in the call. Listen, when I look out over the next quarter there's challenges in the supply chain. And some of those challenges as we work to mitigate them requires incremental spending. When I look at what happened in June and what happened in September, maybe the incremental downtick in gross margin is primarily a result of that. So that's one thing to kind of put in the quiver there a little bit to think about, as we go forward. We'll work our way through that. It'll get better over time. It'll also get better over time, as you rightly asked about as we ramp Malaysia now, right now, when I look at Malaysia in the September quarter, it's not a benefit to gross margin, because we're too early in the ramp of that facility. You got the fixed cost sitting there and you got startup costs. So that actually is driving a little bit of a headwind right now too. And over time, that headwind will shift to a tailwind as we get the benefit of the Asia-based cost structure. So, I look forward. We've got trajectory and gross margin that will get better over time. And really, right now, we're just dealing with supply chain as we work to mitigate some of the challenges that we see out there.
C.J. Muse: That's great. And as a follow-up question, I guess, perhaps, could you provide a little more granularity on Reliant? It certainly sounds like trailing edge demand is robust this year, but also should be robust for some time. So we'd love to hear your thoughts on how we should be thinking about the contributions there over time.
Tim Archer: Sure. I don't think we're going to quantify Reliant itself, but what we can tell you is, as you pointed out, the specialty technologies, these trailing edge foundry extremely strong. In fact, you hear from many in the industry, that's where a lot of the chip shortage exists today, and so that is an area thats seeing tremendous growth. But in many ways, the growth in that area has also been limited by the ability of those companies to ramp and equipment to get out to them. And, I would fully expect that that's an area of trailing edge foundry that continues to ramp strongly really on into 2022 and maybe even beyond.
Doug Bettinger: And C.J., I just remind you, if you remember back at our Investor Day in March of last year seems like so long ago, but we talked about a viewpoint that we still have today that the trailing edge or the Reliant exposed WFE grows two to three times faster than overall WFE. And that's still how we see things.
C.J. Muse: Great. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Doug, I know you've seen the headlines in China, as to some delinquencies from some of your biggest customers and some of the debt that they've be faulted on. So I'm just wondering whether that's having any impact for you, whether there's anything that you're doing there, whether you're seeing anything that's getting pushed out, or any project timing that's changing?
Doug Bettinger: I guess, I'd say two things, Tim. Obviously, in a situation like you're alluding to, first thing I do is get on phone and talk to my guys in China to make sure I understand what's going on. I'm comfortable with where we sit today. I will tell you that most of the business we do with customers in the China region are under letters of credit. So its money is good. We know its money is good. So that's one thing I'd also have you think about. In relative to the plans of our customers in China, I got to be careful about talking about a specific customer, Tim. But we haven't seen any change in anybody's plans as a result of anything.
Timothy Arcuri: Cool. Thanks. And then Ill ask the same question as last quarter, this mass that you gave the $70 billion over five years to add 35% bit growth, which was like $15 billion a quarter, and then you gave the number of every $350 million as another 100 basis points. So if you sort of look at where NAND is running right now, you just sort of conclude, well, maybe you're adding more like mid 40s bit growth. But I know you've also said, hey, those numbers don't really hold anymore, because capital intensity has gone up as well. So I wonder if you've had time to put pen to paper on maybe brushing up those numbers, if we can try to correlate where we are back to bit growth? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Tim, I'm not really on the phone right now to update any of those longer-term numbers, that would be something we do on I don't know, an Investor Day kind of format, which we will do at some point in the future, I think. And you're right, the observation that over time, capital intensity grows in that device architecture and NAND. And when we gave those numbers that were kind of broad averages over long periods of time to try to be helpful, and it's not a static number. So I agree with you, we do need to update it, I'm not ready to do it on the call right now. But like Tim said, we're pretty comfortable with the strength and investment in NAND. It looks pretty rational to us. And it's going to be a good year for investment in NAND. And actually, I think next year is going to be a pretty good year too, Tim.
Tim Archer: Yeah, if I can just add something, Tim, I mean, while I agree with the comment, and we made it that the rising capital intensity probably means those numbers need to be updated on the absolute basis. I want to point out, as the layer count increases and complexity increases, we're taking actual share as well, meaning we're converting applications that had previously been done with older legacy technologies. And we're moving those over to newer technologies like ALB. So we're actually winning new applications as well. So even within whatever that new number is, we're benefiting from an expansion of spending per bit added, but also from actual application wins. And we pointed one out that, it's been a pretty big deal for us, which is the conversion to ALD for dielectric gapfill. So I think, it's another point being Lams strong positioning and close collaboration with customers in the space really does give us great insight into what those next application opportunities are for our company.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, I have two of them. Firstly, for Tim or Doug, just a follow-up on the NAND. I think you articulated it pretty well compared to the prior peak, clearly the layer count has gone up, capital intensity has gone up, and also the market share has up. I'm just kind of curious when you look to like, the 2018 peak versus today, if I just dig one level below, can you just say the mix of dielectric and conductor etch trend versus today. Because it seems to me that dielectric etch process times have gone up, that's also a big factor in it. So I'm just kind of curious, is that right? And if so, is there a meaningful difference in the split between dielectric and conductor etch for Lam, in NAND today versus in 2018? And then I have a follow-up?
Tim Archer: Sure. Well, a number of things have changed demand. As you mentioned, the dielectric etch is fundamentally tied to  and its process time is fundamentally tied to layer count. So clearly, it's scaling pretty dramatically as layer counts grown. The other element you find process time is relative to consumables, and therefore growth in our installed base business as well, which also scales nicely with layer count growth. So there are a number of changes, but the sure dielectric etch plays a very critical role in reading that layer count expansion.
Krish Sankar: Got it. [indiscernible] on the Sense.i etch platform, the smart platform that you have, I'm just kind of curious as you roll out the platform, is there, do you think that installed base advantage, since customers have to look at Sense.i why don't they look at another platform like a SEM-T [ph] or whatever it might be? So, would Sense.i actually be a slight negative for you, given the fact that your installed base advantage [indiscernible]?
Tim Archer: Well, I mean, there's two elements to what makes a great tool. One is the platform, one is the process module technology. And so I think that when we're enhancing the platform capability, adding all of this equipment intelligence, we're certainly not giving up the incumbency power that's been developed. I mentioned, even today, proprietary RF systems, proprietary uniformity solutions, the new Vantex module that's on the Sense.i platform kind of marries up all of that equipment intelligence and use of data to make our market leading etch chamber even that much better. And so clearly, we thought a lot about the power of incumbency that if you stagnate, you also leave an opportunity for your competitors to catch up. And that's not our plan.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comment comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Thanks for taking my questions. My first question, I wanted to ask about leverage, and I know operating leverage, and I understand what's going on with gross margins next quarter and everything. But as I look at the Analyst Day model, like the midpoint, I think was something like mid-33 and EPS on a $16 billion revenue number. Youre run rating revenue right now over $17 billion, which is the high end of that guide and your run rate EPS sort of below the midpoint of the Analyst Day guide. So I guess how do we think, I think EPS is like 10% below or even more. So how do we think about I guess the progression of operating leverage from here as we go forward? Like, even if revenues don't grow, should we think about -- what timeframe do we think about EPS kind of like reaching those kinds of model levels that you talked about not that long ago?
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, I would tell you that there's a revenue level component to the leverage, there's also a time element to it. The time element is dictated by some things like ramping a new factory in Malaysia that's got a better cost structure. It's also driven by mapping a new etch platform like Sense.i, that we think will have a better profitability profile than the one before it, because it delivers incremental benefit to it. So when I look at the leverage that we had in that model, I still feel quite good about it. When I think through and look at the time aspects of how we deliver the benefit, it is still the right way to think about it. The financial model we put out in March of last year is right when you think about the profitability opportunity for Lam.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. For my follow-up again, I want to hit on the NAND point again. Last quarter you were explicit about saying that you thought NAND would grow I guess half over half in the second-half. And you seem to be suggesting that pretty strongly for DRAM now, but you didn't. You werent explicit about NAND. But you also I think I did hear you say that you thought NAND would be in general strong this year would be strong next year. So do you still think NAND grows in the second-half of the calendar year, and I guess you sounded like you expect NAND in calendar 22 to be up from calendar 2021? Is that what you're trying to say?
Doug Bettinger: I'm not trying to really say anything about 22 with the exception that it looks like it continues to be strong. It is a qualitative statement I made. It's too soon for us to put numbers around 22, Stacy. And when we look at WFE, so a quarter ago, we were talking about trending above 75. Tim now said, we see it trending above 80. I think overall, it's a second-half weighted WFE profile. DRAM looks solid in the second-half. Foundry/Logic looks pretty good in the second-half too. I think NAND, probably as I sit here today is more balanced half on half. And a quarter ago, we said look like it was a little bit second-half, I can still see that potentially happening. But there's some customer investment timings that might occur more in the first-half of next year. Right now, it looks kind of balanced half on half as we sit here today.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. I guess that's still a couple quarters ago, you were saying those will be down. So you're kind of like dialing it in as we go forward.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I mean, as the year unfolds, obviously, we get better visibility to what's happening. And we're not halfway through the year. And if you include the guide for September, we're three quarters of the way through the year. So we just have better visibility on what's going on relative to timing, as well as the supply challenges the industry is having.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you so much.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Good to see the team ramping its new Penang systems manufacturing facility and unlocking a little bit more revenue capacity here in the second-half. My understanding is that the team is targeting $3 billion of potential annual systems revenue capacity by the middle of next year out of Penang, so a pretty meaningful part of your future revenue profile.  And I think the goal is also to source more raw materials, machining and other support services locally over the next few years in Malaysia, so all of this should provide the team with some pretty strong gross margin tailwinds. Was most of this tailwind encompassed in the 2023, 2024 target financial model? Or, is this a source of margin upside above your target if you grow revenues into this new facility over the next few years?
Doug Bettinger: Harlan, what I would say is we always knew we were ramping a factory in Malaysia. So when we put that model out a year and a half ago, it was comprehended. We knew how big the factory was going to be. We knew Lam would be ramping and so forth. So it was all in in terms of the profitability. And I kind of referenced that with Stacy's question. So, there isn't upside, but it is how we've continued to deliver leverage that we see. I don't know, Tim, if you'd add anything or want to add anything?
Tim Archer: No. And I think it's just that the current demand environment we're in today, that the ramp rate for Malaysia is a flat out. And while we haven't given any numbers for 2022, so I'm not sure where you got those. But clearly, we're ramping it. It will be a big facility for us and it will eventually take on a large position within our global manufacturing network.
Harlan Sur: Yeah, thanks for the insights on that. And then on some of the uncertainties on supply chain and therefore, slightly wider revenue range on the guidance. Your systems have very advanced capabilities, like compute, storage systems, complex sensor networks, our power circuitry graphics, user interface capabilities. Is the team being impacted by the chip shortages with some of your advanced platforms that have a lot of these processor memory RF type content?
Tim Archer: Harlan, when we start here, probably a quarter or two ago, we were thinking capacity constraints. We were really thinking about physical space and labor. And quite honestly, I think we've done a really nice job, expanded in our Livermore, California facility, our Oregon facility, Korea, as I just said, shipping from Malaysia. So that physical capacity, we're really starting to sort of free up. We've hired a tremendous number of people also across the globe. And now we're being hit with that next level, we have very complex supply chain. And you are right, chip shortages, shortages of other components as well. And because it can affect many different players within our supply chain, it's a little bit more unpredictable. And that's leading to some of the increased guidance that Doug spoke to. Again, I think that Lam is very proud of our ability to execute. And, I think these are issues that just everyday we're working through, and with time, we would expect that these just like for the rest of the industry will begin to be resolved.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you, Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. The first one, I'm curious what is your estimate of China as a percentage of WFE this year versus last? Is it in line with what you thought at the start of the year? And have you heard of any potential restrictions on shipping to any Chinese customers from a U.S. regulatory perspective?
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, Ill take and then Tim can feel free to add on. I think from a percent of WFE, probably fairly consistent. I mean, WFE overall this year is up nicely, China's up nicely, too. And we have talked about license requirements for one of our foundry customers in China. No new update for you there, Tim, unless you want to share something. But it doesn't impact anything else that we see going on in China.
Tim Archer: Yeah, we're actively engaged. As Doug said, we haven't seen significant movement on the licensing front. We will say we've seen the approval of a few licenses for spares and upgrades for mature technology nodes. So I guess if we were any update that we would say, some small progress, but we're here we're actively engaged with the licensing agencies within the government, want to ensure we're fully compliant with everything they have in place today, but also to be advocating for moving forward with additional approvals on the shipments that are pending.
Vivek Arya: And for my follow-up, you sound sort of optimistic about the growth opportunity for spending next year. I'm wondering of your markets, is there one market do you think that will have kind of a greater rise in capital intensity going into next year? Is it Foundry/Logic? Is it DRAM? Is it NAND? And conceptually, how does that impact your share gain potential as you look at next year? I realize you're not giving a specific WFE number. But let's say if you're in a growth environment, is there one market where you think given all the technology changes, that there is going to be a greater than average rise in capital intensity? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Sure. I guess, you can interpret from all the comments I've made about multi-year impact to WFE spending. We see strong regional investments, many places government supported, rising device complexity, and then actually, we think the demand environment still remains good overall for semis. So those are  were not giving 2022 right now, we don't see great clouds on the horizon. We see a lot of positives. When I think about different areas of opportunity for Lam, to your point about where my capital intensity be rising the fastest or maybe just spending, really think about Lam. And therefore, where's etch and depth really going to play a bigger role? Where does Lam have the opportunity? I see that across the board. We spent a lot of time on this call talking about NAND complexity. But, you're seeing 3D transitions, Foundry/Logic space gate all around, advanced packaging, very etch and depth intensive. Next year, if you're looking, I'm not saying it's flat WFE, but if you were looking at flat WFE, Lams opportunity would be growing in those spaces because of etch and depth capital intensity increases. And where we really are spending our time and effort this year, it is two places. Doug talked a lot about operational improvements, making sure we come out with infrastructure that's better off from that perspective. And what I tried to highlight was where we are investing in products so that as these transitions occur to 3D in Foundry/Logic and DRAM over the next several years, then Lam is going to be in the same position to benefit from those as what I highlighted happening for us in 3D NAND, and I think it's places I just talked about, selective etch, and things like dry resist, it's the position we have in high aspect ratio, etch and depth relative to 3D packaging. I would just say it's a very opportunity rich environment for a company like Lam right now.
Vivek Arya: Thanks very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking my questions, I had two as well. I guess this one's probably for Doug. I think historically, you guys have spoken to your thoughts on DRAM and NAND supply growth exiting the year. I was hoping you can update us higher thinking about that exiting 2021 based on what you've shipped in the first-half and what your expectations are for the second-half, supply growth exiting the year relative to demand growth for both DRAM and NAND?
Doug Bettinger: DRAM, I think this year, supply growth is still going to be below where demand growth is. I think, pretty well chronicle from the industry the demand for DRAM bits is probably 20, low 20s. I think supply is probably high teens approaching 20 in DRAM. I think on the NAND side, probably more imbalance. I think supply demand mid high 30s. It feels fairly balanced for the year in NAND.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And as a quick follow-up, I wanted to ask a question about your opportunity in leading edge logic. I think in the past year, you've talked about your application wins. I guess, initially at 14, and how that's expanded at 10. And your expectation as we sort of eventually transitioned to seven. I guess, despite some of those comments, we haven't really seen that show up in numbers. And I realize you disclosed logic and others, so there's another component in that line. But, what are you missing? I think, I realized you don't want to talk about a specific customer. But that customer is ramping CapEx, yet we're not seeing the uplift in your numbers. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: I think, I'd say two things. You've got this sort of right, 14 to 10. We've talked about a nice growth in application footprint. 5x is what we've described in terms of number of applications. And then that growing again, from 10 to seven, that's absolutely what we see happening. And I got to be careful talking about any one customer. I think, when you look at logic and other you're absolutely right, there is the other component in there and things like image sensor, and other logic devices, but also you have to think about the timeframe in which anyone customer is investing in technology, is it in a concentrated two or three quarters, or is it over a longer period of time. And if it's over a longer period of time, you won't see it in any one quarter. And so, I would encourage you to think about both of those things when you look at the logic and other stuff. And then Id also suggest, I think logic and others is going to look pretty good in the second half also.
Tim Archer: Yeah. And I think the only thing I would add is, maybe we need to transition that story before a lot about progress we were going to make in action and the output. Now, we step up with a logic or logic and foundry basically similar devices, similar trends. As we move to gate all around our nano sheet structures, many of the products I talked about dealing with selective etch and the processes that are required to create those complex structures. The challenge is that foundry and logic customers at the leading edge see with RC and its impact, and therefore the need for evolving the metallization structure. We talked about dry resist and the potential to impact the cost performance of EUV at future nodes, not only current node, but also high NA. These are ways in which Lam is ensuring that we have the right product portfolio. So whether it's advanced foundry or advanced logic, whichever custom you might be talking about the -- we have very strong products to offer to help with those transitions. And so, I think over the years, our opportunity to engage those customers has just gotten stronger and broader.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you, Toshiya.
Operator: We'll take a next question from Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. You got a couple quarters now the installed base business growing 50% year-on-year. And, we don't have a long time series of that. But I mean, is that -- I assume that's kind of a historically unusual growth rate. And, anything in that, that sort of makes you think, I think you mentioned last quarter people accumulating spares or inventory a little bit. Now obviously that's a growth a really good growth business and you've been vocal about that. But, is there any cyclicality when you start talking about these types of growth rates that we should be aware of?
Tim Archer: Yeah, I'll take that. I included in my prepared remarks one liner that said it was supposed to be hinting, please don't count on this kind of growth every single quarter quarter-on-quarter. There are components. And this kind of went back to the question about trailing edge foundry and how do we see that going forward. We don't see that abating. But that is an area where we're seeing tremendous demand right now, and eventually that may not kind of keep pace quite with the growth in the installed base. But the elements, you think about what's in there, spares continues to grow with installed base. And as we've seen this tremendous growth in installed base, that becomes a recurring revenue stream going forward, that really is just based on customers continuing to utilize what they've already bought. So we feel very good about that. So if there's one part that you might see a little bit of investment timing, in fact, it would be specialty technologies and trailing edge or non-leading edge foundry. But our near-term outlook for that remains quite strong.
Joe Moore: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Patrick Ho of Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Congrats on the nice quarter. Doug, maybe for you in terms of the component and supply constraints that you're facing. I know, there's a lot of moving parts. But what are you trying to do to kind of mitigate it? And I guess what I'm looking for is a little more detail. Are you working with additional suppliers? Are you working with your main component suppliers of getting those parts at a certain period of time? What are some of those, I guess, initiatives and efforts you're doing to try, I guess mitigate that situation?
Doug Bettinger: I think Im actually going to give it to Tim.
Tim Archer: Yeah, I'm actually pretty close to this one. And what I would say is that there, maybe it's everything. When you have your major customers really clamoring for on time shipments, we're leaving no stone unturned. So, in some cases, it's working with different suppliers. But again, we have complex supply chains. And, in many cases, we're looking at where those suppliers have additional facilities in other parts of the world. So for impacted, say, by issues throughout the COVID pandemic, in one part of the world, we transition to that same supplier in different factories, and the parts of the world. That's usually the most expeditious means of getting additional supply. But at times, we are finding additional suppliers. We're also, I talked about refurbishment and recoding, and reuse. That's another area where we're working with customers to actually qualify refurbishment processes that allow us to shorten the time, so rather than having to procure brand new parts, for instance, we do a refurbishment and that part can go back in the machine. From the fewer parts you use within the installed base, more you have available for build forward out of your factories. And so, I would just say between us and the customers very close collaboration and collaboration of our supply chain partners are getting very creative about how to try to mitigate these risks. And it's many, many, many different things.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Patrick.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our last question from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo.
Joe Quatrochi: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to try to understand the kind of updated WFE guidance and your commentary around NAND being maybe a little bit more balanced half on half. I guess, can you help me understand just what, I guess increased to maybe offset some of that, including going to over $80 billion for WFE? Was it just more Foundry/Logic? Or, is that your comments around DRAM being stronger? Just any comments there will be helpful.
Doug Bettinger: I think the practicality of it, Joe, is we're just further through the year. We're halfway through the year, we got pretty good visibility into the September quarter, because we just guided it. And so it's that right. It's an understanding of customers plans. It's an understanding of what we think the industry is going to be able to supply. We still see a second-half weighted WFE spending profile. We kicked it up somewhat as a result of this better visibility is what I would describe.
Joe Quatrochi: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick question on the services business, another quarter of a major spares contract win. I was wondering if you could quantify how much of your spares revenue is based on long-term contracts.
Tim Archer: No. Obviously we look at that a quite a bit. But I would say that a large portion of it, whether it's under long-term contracts, or it's in -- I talked about our complex supply chain. I mean, in many ways for spare parts, it's very similar, which means regardless of the length of contract, we tend to be the primary supplier for the vast majority of those spares. And so, I would say the majority of our parts are under contract, but then the length of contract we're not really ready to talk about at this point.
Joe Quatrochi: Fair enough. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you, Joe.
Tim Archer: Great. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Okay, operator, I think that was our last caller. Tina, do you want to close this off?
Tina Correia: Yeah. Just want to tell everyone we appreciate your support, and thank you for joining our call today.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's March 2021 Quarter Financial Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our overview on the business environment, and well review our financial results for the March 2021 quarter and our outlook for the June 2021 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 o'clock PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website, along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will made available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Great. Thank you, Tina, and thank you to everyone joining the call today. Lam posted excellent results in the March quarter with record revenues from both systems and install businesses, as well as record cash flow from operations and record earnings per share. Our performance reflects solid execution by Lam employees and our partners worldwide despite ongoing COVID-19-related impacts. The investments we are making in manufacturing and supply chain resiliency are enabling us to support our customers' needs, amid a broad based strengthening in semiconductor demand. We are very optimistic on our positioning and see continued strong growth for Lam in the future. Let me first begin by updating our expectations for wafer fabrication equipment spending. Since our last earnings call, we have seen WFE spending plans increase for the calendar year. Our outlook for 2021 WFE is trending above $75 billion. And we now believe the WFE spending in the second-half of the calendar year will be higher than the first-half across all device segments. Several factors are at play in driving this robust WFE growth. First, secular tailwinds such as AI, 5G, and IoT continue to strengthen. And over the past year, COVID-19-related impacts like work and learn from home have accelerated adoption of these technologies. Second, the complexity of manufacturing advanced semiconductor devices continues to increase at a rapid rate, leading to a rise in equipment capillarity [ph] across all segments. Third, innovative consumer products are incorporating more semiconductor-enabled functionality, driving faster growth in semiconductor content per [Technical Difficulty]. On our last call, we talked about new gaming consoles as an incremental driver for semiconductor demand and WFE. A similar example as we see in wearables. These devices are utilizing an increasing number of sophisticated sensors, manufactured using mature technology nodes to deliver added functionalities such as body temperature measurement, heart rate monitoring and blood oxygen sensing. Wearables are integrating these sensors with advanced node semiconductors that deliver lower power and lower latency, in addition to the computation capability required to support new AI and machine learning enabled applications. This is having a marked effect on semiconductor content in these products. And today's wearables contain nearly double the amount of DRAM and four times the amount of NAND versus five years ago. Semiconductors are also capturing a greater share of the value within the electronics supply chain, and we see 2021 semiconductor revenues into the electronics revenues breaking out of the historic averages over last 15 years. And finally, the growing importance of semiconductors to global industries has led governments in the U.S., Europe and Asia, to call for actions to mitigate supply chain risk, which will likely include increased investment in regional semiconductor manufacturing capacity. When combined, these four factors of accelerated technology adoption, growing complexity, increasing semiconductor content and real capacity investment support a compelling case for a strong multi-year WFE spending environment, one in which Lam is executing extremely well. In 2020, we gained share across both etch and deposition, including significant gains in conductor etch. We expect to deliver overall share growth again in 2021. Our positive momentum demonstrates how we are successfully positioning Lam as the partner of choice for our customers at a time when technology complexity has increased heavily. 3D scaling of device and packaging architectures will be a primary focus of the industry for the remainder of this decade, and Lam approaches this challenge with unique experience. We were the leader in enabling the transition to 3D devices through our early engagement in etching. And as a result, we built enduring leadership positions in the most critical etch and deposition applications. And as the 3D NAND roadmap is evolving to multi-stack scaling for higher layer counts, our technical contribution continues to grow. To integrate multiple stacks to build taller devices, innovative solutions are required for stress management, etch selectivity and defect control. The increase in complexity of multi-stack scaling is creating new product opportunities for Lam. And this quarter, we recorded a key deposition win for a multi-stack enabling film at a leading memory customer. Through our leadership in the 3D NAND market, Lam has developed a portfolio of products and acquired the expertise in high-volume manufacturing to help customers highly complex 3D scaling challenges across other device segments. In foundry/logic, the adoption of 3D-like gate all around or nanosheet type structures introduces unique processing requirements. In the last earnings call, I highlighted the momentum of our latest conductor etch system, KIYO GX, which utilizes an innovative plasma pulsing capability to deliver superior, high aspect ratio etch results for nanosheet structures. In the quarter, we saw additional application wins with KIYO at multiple foundry/logic customers. We are also seeing share gains with our new suite of selective etch products designed for ultra-high selectivity removal processes, previously performed using distance. Related to the challenge of the back end of line scaling, we are taking new approaches to deposit lower K materials and deliver better interface control. New material duration schemes enabled us to win multiple 5-nanometer back end-of-line applications. And in the March quarter, we extended our wins to more advanced nodes as well. In addition to device scaling, we remain equally focused on our customers' objectives to improve cost and operating efficiency in their fabs. Youll recall, we announced our new Vantex dielectric etch process module on the Sense.i platform. Vantex on Sense.i delivers best-in-class etch technology and brings to market unique and innovative solutions to lower overall cost of ownership. The Sense.i platform architecture increases wafer output per square meter of fab space. New RF power designs consume less energy to support cost and ESG roadmaps, and advanced equipment intelligence and self-maintenance capabilities minimize required on-site human intervention. With semiconductor demand at unprecedented levels, these factors have become critical differentiators as customers look to cost effectively and sustain ramp capacity on advanced nodes. As a result, we continue to make solid progress on Sense.i adoption and leading customers. Our focus on helping customers solve productivity and manufacturing challenges is also reflected in the excellent performance of our installed base business where we are seeing outstanding [ph] growth. CSBG revenue eclipsed $1.3 billion in the March quarter, yet another record. We are executing very well in this business. And as we sit here today, we are tracking ahead of the growth model that we shared with you at last year's Investors Day. All product lines within CSBG had record revenues in the quarter. Our upgrades business is expected to roughly double over the two-year period ending in 2021. By enhancing productivity and extending installed base capability for multiple generations, our upgrades business plays an important part in our customers' cost reduction roadmaps. In Reliant, we see specialty technologies continuing to grow in areas like CIS, power and RF devices. In spares, we successfully closed with a key customer, the single largest annual contract in the company's history, which includes commitments for critical leading etch parts. And lastly, we are seeing great progress in services. Big data and equipment intelligence are playing an increasingly critical role in the operation of advanced semiconductor fabs. This quarter, we closed a multi-region data services license contract with a major memory manufacturer to provide enhanced tool data to enable their smart manufacturing roadmap. Additionally, our services team completed the first year of a comprehensive multiyear equipment intelligence services contract at another major memory producer. System performance under this contract exceeded objectives, leading to a significant return on investment for the customer. So, to conclude, we are in an environment where industry fundamentals continue to strengthen. The strategic relevance of semiconductors is reaching new heights and semiconductor capital equipment is well-positioned to benefit. Amid strong WFE spending, Lam is delivering great results and making foundational investments in new products and infrastructure to drive continued outperformance. Thanks again for joining today and now here's Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thanks Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today during what I know is a busy earnings season. I hope you and your family is safe and healthy since we last spoke with you. Lam delivered outstanding results for the March quarter, with record quarterly revenue and strong profitability metrics. For the quarter, our revenue and gross margin came in above the midpoint of our guidance, and both operating income and earnings per share were above the guidance range. We've continued our excellence in execution, not only in delivering impressive financial results, but also in being our customers' most trusted partner. We delivered revenue for the March quarter of $3.85 billion at the high end of our guidance range, which was an increase of 11% from the -- quarter. Our solid revenue performance was mainly due to an increase in foundry-related systems as well as record performance in our customer support business group, or CSBG, where we had increases in all parts of that business. Our customers' fabs are running at high utilization levels, which drives the need for consumption of spare parts and services. First, let's focus on our systems revenue where we saw continued strength in the memory segment, which represented 62% of systems revenue in the March quarter. The NAND segment was 48% of our systems revenue compared with 51% in the prior quarter, with customers investing in higher 3D device layer -- and added capacity to address the overall broad demand for storage bids. The March quarter NAND systems revenue amount reached a record level, again, demonstrating Lam's leadership position in the NAND segment. Customers were primarily investing in equipment for 96 and 128-layer class devices. In DRAM, we had 14% of our March quarter systems revenue in this segment compared with 17% in the prior quarter. Year-end investments consisted of both conversion and capacity additions with concentration in the 1y, 1z, and 1-alpha nodes. We expect to continue to see healthy and prudent levels of investment in the overall memory segment in calendar year 2021. We had our highest quarterly revenue level in the March quarter for the foundry segment, and it came in at 31% of our systems revenue compared with 26% in the quarter. We're seeing leading-edge investments focused on 5-nanometer as well as spending related to mature technology nodes required to meet higher demand for specialty or consumer-oriented integrated circuits. And finally, logic and other contributed the remaining 7% of systems revenue in the March quarter, up slightly from the prior quarter level at 6%. Let me now shift to the regional profile of our revenue. The China region came in at 32% of our total revenues, down slightly from 35% in the December quarter. The majority of the China spending this quarter was from domestic Chinese customers. The Korea region was also strong for us in the March quarter, representing 31% of revenues, which is up 10 points from the prior quarter. And as Tim mentioned, we achieved another record quarter of revenue for our customer support business group, coming in at $1.3 billion, which is an increase of 13% from December and up over 50% versus the same quarter in 2020. The growth we've seen in each of the subsegments of this business is a testament to the value we're providing to our customers for technology and productivity enhancements, as well as the strength of this market supported by our Reliant product line. We're also supporting customers' requests for increasing spare parts purchases to support both higher equipment utilization and some level of inventory stocking. We expect continued strength in CSBG through the remainder of the year. Let me now shift to profitability. March gross margin was 46.3%, generally in line with our expectations. And I'll remind you, as I always do, gross margin fluctuates quarter-to-quarter due to overall business levels, along with customer and product mix. We do continue to incur higher freight and logistics costs because of the COVID environment, and we expect these costs will remain until we see a normalization of airfreight volumes. Operating expenses for the March quarter were $567 million, slightly higher than the prior quarter, reflecting our commitment to manage expense levels, while we invest to grow the company. We've prioritized our spending towards R&D, which represents over two-thirds of our operating expenses, enabling us to build on our deposition and etch leadership positions. Operating income exceeded $1.2 billion in the March quarter, with operating margin coming in over the guidance range at 31.6%. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 7.8%, which came in lower than we expected due to incremental deductions from equity compensation for annual investing that occurred during the quarter. As we've discussed in the past, we will have fluctuations in the tax rate from quarter-to-quarter, and you should continue to expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low teens level for the 2022 calendar year. I would mention, we continue to monitor potential tax changes that could come from the new administration in the United States. Other income and expense was approximately $42 million in expense, which is lower than the prior quarter and lower than the typical run rate, primarily due to marketed items like foreign exchange and interest rates. And as a reminder, beginning in the March quarter of last year, the benefits and costs of our employee deferred compensation plan are no longer mismatched in our non-GAAP results. The mismatch was $8 million for the March 2021 quarter, and you can see the details of this in the GAAP reconciliation table of our earnings release. We paid $187 million in dividends and allocated over $900 million towards share repurchases, tracking nicely with our committed Lam capital return plans. Further buyback in the quarter went to a structured repurchase program, which was supplemented with open market repurchases. Diluted earnings per share came in at $7.49 above the guidance range. This was the results of the higher revenue gross margin, as well as formality [ph] that I mentioned in the tax rate. Our diluted share balance was down from the December quarter level, coming in at 145 million shares, as we expected. The share count includes the dilutive impact of approximately 500,000 shares from the 2041 convertible notes. In addition mention is that late in the March quarter, we issued a redemption notice for the 20 41 convertible notes. As of March quarter end, we had approximately $17 million remaining on these notes. This redemption would retire the last of the convertible notes in our capital. Let me shift to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, decreased slightly to $6 billion from $6.3 billion in the prior quarter. The decrease was attributed to the capital return activity, offset by the strong performance we had in the March quarter cash flows from operations, which came in at a record level of $0.2 billion. Days sales outstanding decreased to 66 days in the March quarter from 76 that we saw in December. This improvement was driven by strong cash generation with the higher level of business, and as I alluded to last quarter, the timing of collections across the December and March quarters. Inventory turns were flat with the prior quarter, coming in at 3.2 times. Given the overall demand strength we're seeing as well as our focus to mitigate potential supply chain disruptions, inventory turns will likely remain at these current levels for the foreseeable future. Non-cash expenses included approximately $56 million for equity compensation, $61 million for depreciation and $18 million for amortization. Capital expenditures for the March quarter were down slightly versus the December level, coming in at $90 million. As I noted in our last earnings call, we're investing to support the expanding operations at our new Malaysia factory, our manufacturing facility in Ohio that's focused on critical spare parts and the upcoming Korea technology center. We expect to see somewhat higher levels of capital expenditures in 2021 as we support these critical growth initiatives. The headcount level ending the March quarter was approximately 13,100 regular full-time employees. Resources have been added in our factories to meet the increased output levels in this robust business environment. Within this, we opportunistically bought out our Asian joint venture manufacturing facility that is focused on our Reliant product line. This added half of the growth in headcount that you saw in the quarter. Additionally, we've added field service and R&D personnel with a focus on delivering best-in-class technology services and solutions to our customers. Now looking ahead, I'd like to provide you our non-GAAP guidance for the June 2021 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $4 billion, plus or minus $250 million, gross margin of 46.5%, plus or minus 1%, operating margin margins up 32%, plus or minus 1 percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $7.50, plus or minus $0.50 based on a share of approximately 144 million shares. So, in summary, I'm quite pleased with our operational execution, which is reflected in the strong financial performance of the company. We now see greater strength in WFE as we go through calendar 2021, with the second-half looking stronger than the first-half. We are guiding to continuing record financial performance for the company, and we are well on the path to achievement of our growth objectives that we spoke to you about at our -- Investor Day in March of last year. I've personally never been so excited for the things the semiconductor industry is enabling, and I'm proud of the results Lam has continued to deliver enabling this industry. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, and congratulations on the strong results and execution. I assume that given the strong demand trends across leading edge and lagging edge, that the team has seen extended tools. Wondering if you can quantify, is the team already starting to book into the second-half of this year? And if I'm a customer that places an order today for one of your tools, when will this tool actually be producing wafers? Is it nine months from now, 12 months from now? Would appreciate any insights.
Tim Archer: Yes. Harlan, thanks for the question. Obviously, for a lot of reasons, we're not going to divulge our lead times on this call. But we will say that, clearly, what we said is unprecedented demand, and combining that with COVID impacts capacity is tight, and it has extended our lead times. We would say our visibility into our future is quite good at this point, but we don't want to go into exactly how long it takes for a customer to order to get it and qualify it at this point for competitive reasons, ours and our customers.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Appreciate that. If I think about the fundamental environment, right, if I look at your memory business and I look at your customers, so both NAND and DRAM pricing fundamentals continue to move higher, combination of strong demand, relatively disciplined supply spending. In fact, relatively disciplined supply spending since the last week in 2018. Most of your customers are anticipating that DRAM and NAND bit demand will exceed its supply growth here in 2021. I know you guys do a pretty good job on the analytics side around supply and demand. I'm just wondering how you see the supply/demand balance in memory, especially as we move through the back half of this year and factoring in the incrementally better WFE outlook that you outlined today.
Tim Archer: Yes I'll go ahead and make a couple of comments and then let Doug chime in with some of the specifics on the supply. Clearly, we've said even entering this year, we felt it was going to be a very good year for memory for a couple of reasons. One, DRAM had gone through a couple of years of very conservative spending. And so there was some pent-up demand there for spending both on technology and some capacity. From a NAND perspective, we talked a lot about the increasing spend related to layer transitions that were going to be occurring this year. And so, we have seen that playing out. I think you combine that with, again, growing demand across many, many different end market segments and also the need to add capacity both in a greenfield perspective as well as conversions and that's led to an ongoing stronger outlook. We do model obviously bit supply and demand. I'll let Doug talk a little bit about what we're seeing there.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Harlan, thanks for the question. Yes. We came through 2019 where spending was held pretty closely in check and even through a good chunk of 2020 and maybe all the way through 2020 for DRAM. And when you look at the two years of investment there, exiting last year and you look at supply growth, it was below where longer-term demand growth was in both NAND and DRAM. And I think you saw that and are still seeing it in pricing. And as a result, our customers respond -- we see them responding carefully, prudently is the way I like to describe it, consistent with where they see demand growth. And the investments we're starting to see increase somewhat in both NAND and DRAM are a result of that. We continue to believe long-term NAND demand to be in the mid-high 30% in bit supply and not caught up of that yet, and that's why investment is up. Similarly, in DRAM, we think longer-term demand is in high teens, maybe approaching 20%. And as a result, the supply growth is being invested in to try to get caught up with that. That's really what we see going on.
Harlan Sur: Thank you for the insights.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Harlan.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Tim, I want to talk a little bit about kind of market. Tim, in your prepared comments, you talked about your expectation for this being another market share gaining year for you. And at the Analyst Day a year ago, I think to your 2023 model, you guys had sort of embedded sort of 4% to 8% points of share in etch and dep. I'm just kind of curious to what extent was that sort of time-sensitive versus volume-sensitive? And as WFE kind of gets ratcheted up here at a faster rate, do you expect share gain to happen more quickly? And while you're on the topic of share, the perception on Wall Street is that you guys are extremely well positioned in the NAND market, but I think perhaps people are underestimating your positioning in kind of logic/foundry. Kind of curious, if you can talk about the areas outside of NAND where you feel most comfortable about share growth this year and going forward.
Tim Archer: Yes. Sure. John, I'll start this one. I think it's a great question. And I would actually say this, breaking it in this way of time versus volume [Technical Difficulty] where we already possess a very strong leadership position like 3D NAND, increased WFE volume helps with share gain immediately. But that  but it's not just a volume story, because time progresses and transitions occur to greater numbers of layers. We actually see both more equipment needing to be purchased to deposit and etch those thicker stacks, but also new applications that get created that, again, expand our SAM, and with time, even build on a really strong NAND position. So there's kind of an element to both volume and time in there. On foundry/logic, a little bit of the same, although, I think most people know that we've laid out a story of how some of the technical inflections really do create new opportunities for Lam to introduce new products, gain share and build a strong position in foundry/logic. I would say there, there definitely is a time element in that we need technology transitions to occur. You need to go from 7 to 5 and 5 to 3 and, ultimately, 3 to 2, because we're focused on catching the new applications that are being created by the most difficult technical challenges. And so in my prepared remarks, I talked about things like nanosheets, gate all around, the 3D-like inflections that are occurring. And those -- there's a time element. They have to -- they -- those nodes have to ramp, and they're not ramping just yet. We talked about EUV and our new dry resist process, again, a great opportunity for Lam to enter into a space that's - in foundry/logic that we just haven't been in up to this point, but we -- those are future node-looking opportunities for Lam over the next several years. And so, again, I think that's why what you hear from us is confidence that we benefit from the strong environment we're in now, but we're laying the foundation for an even stronger future as time evolves.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, John.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to talk about the customer service business a little bit. Can you give us some idea of how much of the strength in the quarter -- coming from the Reliant mature node tool set? I get the idea that there's more mature node capacity need right now. Do you feel like that is a long-term trend? Is that sustainable? And maybe if you could give us some -- any further color on the amount of the CSBG group that's actually coming from upgrades. And I guess the same question, are there -- is there more like a onetime element to that? Or do you think the run rate of what we're seeing right now is a sustainable driver for that business going forward?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Stacy, thanks for the question. Maybe I'll take this and let Tim add on afterwards. I think both Tim and I said in our script, all components of BG business delivered record performance last quarter. You're right about the Reliant product line, very much focused on maybe trailing etch 28-nanometer and above nodes, another record. I think we're printing double-digit number of quarters where we've delivered records there because of the things you're referencing or referring to. Upgrades were very strong, which is always a high ROI for the customers to get increased capability from the installed base. Spares were very strong. Think of that as being driven by utilization in the industry, broadly speaking. Utilizations are very high. I see our customers trying to build a little bit of inventory in spares similar to what we're doing with our own inventory because of concerns about different supply chain disruptions. So -- and then service. Service also correlates with utilization in the industry. So honestly, when you think about what's going on in the totality of CSBG, $1.3 billion, up 50% from a year ago is hitting on all four cylinders that I just mentioned. And each of them have their own unique tailwinds that are driving the business.
Stacy Rasgon: Yes. I think, service wise
Tim Archer: Maybe just -- sorry, go ahead, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: No, no. Please go ahead.
Tim Archer: No, I was just going to add on. I think to your point about the sustainability of upgrades, I think the one key point is that we've said the installed base grows every year. And so really, that is our opportunity. So we -- naturally, by Lam shipping like in a year like this, so many new systems out into the field, our SAM expands for upgrades every single year. And so we really do think that through innovation and coming up with ideas for how the customers extend the capabilities of the tools and improve productivity, it's in our hands to continue to deliver greater revenue capture from every one of those tools that's out in that installed base and so I think that's quite sustainable. And then to your point of the lagging edge, clearly, there's a very strong demand at this point. And kind of to the first question about capacity constraints and lead times, that problem doesn't get solved probably in a very short order of time. And when I think about sustainability there, it goes to this point I made in my talk about it's about semiconductor content in everything, enabling new functionality, and many of those items are making great use of mature technologies. So, we've seen that business just grow quarter after quarter after quarter, expanding with the overall market. So, I think both have a strong sustainability component to their revenues.
Stacy Rasgon: Do you think it would be possible to give us some rough split of how the customer service business breaks up right now between those four categories, upgrades, repairs, and services?
Doug Bettinger: We haven't quantified it, and I'm not going to now. I think the color we have given is the spare parts piece of it is the largest component, but we haven't quantified it.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you very much guys.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Actually, I had two. I guess the first one, Doug, obviously, CSBG is running like roughly 15% above your 2020, and you gave that a little bit over a year ago. So, I guess, the first question is sort of what did you under appreciate in that model a year ago? I know that WFE and your systems business has really just taken off, and maybe that's the answer that you're still growing double the installed base, and that's just taken off more than you thought. And then I had a second question as well.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean Tim alluded to chamber account. Clearly, it's been a very strong year and so chamber account is higher than I think I would have thought a year ago. Industry -- probably stronger than I would have expected a year ago as well. And upgrades is probably benefiting from that also, Tim. So there's probably an aspect of it in each of the segments. And yes, we are certainly ahead of the model that we gave you a year ago. I'm not ready to update the model. But clearly, we're ahead of where that model is.
Timothy Arcuri: Yes. Okay. Thanks. And then also, I keep getting a lot of questions on NAND and your business, and you guys do a great job mapping the WFE back to bits. And my math says we're running close to $5 billion a quarter in NAND WFE right now, and it sounds like you think that goes up into the back half of the year. So, if that's right, and then I tie it back to your comments that you mapped kind of $15 billion a year to drive mid-30s bit growth, and then I think you said $350 million for each 100 basis points beyond that, that would sort of scale up to like 45% bit growth, maybe as high as 50% just on like a run rate basis. So, I keep getting pinged on that from people asking about that. So, can you sort of tie those numbers back? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: I don't know if I can do all the math that you just asked on the call, Tim. I mean investment ebbs and flows, ebbs and flows in each of the end markets flows in NAND. We did say we expect the second-half to be stronger investments in all aspects of the market, including NAND. Yes, it's up this year from where it was last year. It's getting caught up with kind of the under-investment that we saw in 2019. To a certain extent, you're still seeing very strong pricing. And as a result, people are investing, trying to get caught up with where demand is, honestly. And it'll ebb and flow. It won't go up every single quarter. We see a very strong investment this year, and I think it's going to continue in the long term to be very strong, right? But I can't do all the math that you just asked, sitting here on the call. I'd be happy to follow up with you offline, though.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks, Doug. Cool. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a very strong results. I have two, one is the short term and one is the long-term question. The short-term question for Doug is, is there a way you can quantify how your second-half revenue is going to trend with the first-half? Or do you think CSBG revenues would outperform system revenues in calendar 2021? And then, I had a follow-up for Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Krish, did you say second-half earnings? I didn't quite catch.
Krish Sankar: Second-half revenues versus first-half revenues, and would CSBG be greater than system revenue growth this year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Krish, we guide one quarter at a time, and then we give you color about what we see for the year. And I'll remind you what we tried to say. We see WFE in the second quarter, which is good for the trajectory of our business. So you can read into that what you think for our revenues, but WFE is stronger is going to be a good thing for us. We just guided June up to $4 billion. So that's as much as I'm going to give you on the revenue side. So, yes, it's been like a pretty strong year, and we see the second-half spending stronger than the first-half across all of WFE. And what I say -- yes, Krish, what I said on CSBG is, I expect it to be a strong year for CSBG, a continued strong -- give you a hard number on it, but all the tailwinds that I described look like they're continuing.
Krish Sankar: Fair enough. Thanks. And then just a follow-up for Tim, a longer-term question. When you look at like some of the upcoming technologies like gate all around, it looks like selective removal etch would be important in addition to Epi. So I'm kind of curious, how is Lam positioned for gate all around. And is there a way you can quantify the dollar or revenue opportunity for Lam?
Tim Archer: No, I don't think there's a way we can do that. But what we've said is that Lam SAM expands at every technology node. And clearly, gate all around is the map. What we tried to point out is, again, what's -- what is sort of the embodiment of our product and technology strategies to identify new applications, new requirements that emerge when device technology changes, when architectures change and ensure that Lam is positioned early for those with products and with our customers, so that when the change happens, we're in a great position to win those. We've given you a few examples, not all of the examples, but I think that, that's -- that's again, it's just to give you a sense that when these inflections occur, we're -- we have a track record of doing quite well. It's also why we keep pointing back. It's the same strategy we executed through the 3D NAND inflection. And ultimately, over time, it's built for us an incredible business. And so, I think, gate all-around is coming as an opportunity for us in that way. We pointed out EUV and the ultimate changes in the way patterning is done and what we see anyway for the opportunity for Driver Assist is another, while not gate-all-around focused, it's kind of at the same technology node where those changes occur. So we see promise in foundry/logic for our future.
Krish Sankar: Okay. Thanks. Thanks all.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, you talked about second-half WFE higher than first-half. Curious what magnitude of upside this could support versus simply just being sold out and pushing demand into the first-half of 2022. And as part of that, can you speak to the timing of ramping capacity in Malaysia and bringing more resources on for you guys?
Tim Archer: Okay. C.J., let me get it go on this one. Clearly, what we've said is that capacity is tight. And so the very first question, I probably could have even added. If a customer would order a tool today, when they get it, I won't divulge, but I mean, clearly, it will not be adding to qualified capacity this year. I mean that, sort of, gives you some sense of where lead times and such are. But we do have a couple of events coming in the second-half of the year that are meaningful for us, and that is expansion of our Asian manufacturing facilities. Doug talked about the buyout of our JV in Taiwan as an opportunity for us to take a little bit more control for that entity and continue ramping. And Malaysia is a second-half 2021 story for us in terms of its ramp. And so we are confident in long-term capacity needs for the company, and we want to be able to support and return lead time is back towards more historical levels for the company. And as I said, they're extended now. Part of this capacity expansion is to return those more to normal as we get towards the end of the year.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And as a quick follow-up, for domestic China revenues, was that primarily manned and as you able to obtain a license for SMIC yet?
Doug Bettinger: C.J., demand in local China customer base, broad-based. Trailing etch foundry, a little bit of DRAM, a little bit in NAND. As to license for our large foundry customer in China, no update. We're still waiting to hear back from the government.
C.J. Muse: Great. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks C.J.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the strong results. Doug, I wanted to follow-up on China. I guess I've been a little bit surprised how long your China business has been over the past quarter or two despite some of the restrictions placed on SMIC. What's been the offset to the upside in your China business? You just talked about broad-based demand, but did anything stand out over the past quarter or two? And how are you thinking about calendar 2021 local China WFE on a year-over-year basis? And then I've got a quick follow-up.
Tim Archer: Yes. Sure. I'll take a crack at it. I mean, it's broad-based. First thing, I'll remind you that when you see our regional revenue, it's a ship to fab location. So it's -- there's a balance between local China and global multinationals taking equipment at their -- in their fabs in China. I did say that the majority, more than half last quarter were the local Chinese customers. The quarter before, in the December quarter, it was the other way around. It was more MMC-oriented. So it's pretty broad. And it's -- then relative to the local China component of it, it's a broad set of customers. Some of you probably know, but I would tell you, there's a long tail of smaller customers that maybe you're just getting to know or maybe you don't know yet. So, it's a broad set of people investing. And thinking about WFE from local China this year, it's up from last year. It's growing across laying edge, logic nodes, and memory.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as a quick follow-up, on CSBG, Doug, you mentioned the long-term growth outlook there is now better to what you presented last year at your Analyst Day. Is that simply a function of the 2021 base being higher? Or has something changed structurally or fundamentally in CSBG? You talked about the chamber account obviously being higher and utilization rates being higher, but anything kind of structural that has changed over the past 12 months? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: No, I wouldn't point anything structural. It's -- we're shipping more chamber, so thats some bigger opportunity from I guess I think of an available market standpoint and its pieces of all four components in CSBG.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. May I follow-up on that last question? Doug, you made the comment that you can't see the services business. You'd be very surprised to see it not grow each year. And obviously, the chamber count growing is a nice kind of lead indicator. But when you talk about a lot of the drivers of higher utilization, people building inventory of spares, things like that, that are sort of a function of this very tight supply environment that we're in, do you see those things turning into headwinds next year? And I mean it still seems like you're likely to grow given the growth in chamber count. But the outperformance versus chamber count, can that continue beyond this kind of very strong near-term environment?
Doug Bettinger: No, I don't have any different view of the business, Joe. I have a hard time seeing it not growing every year. It doesn't mean it's going to grow every single quarter, but we're shipping a lot of chambers this year, which is the momentum of the business going into next year and beyond. Not every component of it may grow every year, but we're feeling really good about where it's going. And like I said, the chamber count is an important metric to think about future business opportunity.
Tim Archer: And Joe, if -- I don't know if you remember, but at our Investor Day, we showed an objective we had about revenue capture for chamber as well. And so I pointed out in my comments a couple of places we're making progress. It is about trying to develop some of these data and equipment intelligence, services offerings, also productivity upgrades. Clearly, customers are focused on trying to get as much output out of existing installed base as they can, and those types of services and upgrades help them do that. And in that way, as chamber count grows, we're also expanding SAM for those. So, that's another reason why we believe year-on-year, we can continue to grow that installed base business.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I had two as well. First on the NAND side, I was hoping you could give us a sense for how much of the market right now is -- versus greenfield deployments? And how does that compare to what it was last year? And does this ratio impact the benefit you can derive from the market? Like does the spending intensity change, right, depending on whether there is more conversion versus greenfield?
Tim Archer: Yes. Vivek, I'll take that one first and let Doug comment. But fundamentally, there is -- and I said this on our last call, our view for this year is a bit more greenfield investment this year than last year. There's also more conversion investment as well. So the overall market is up. But there is an important difference in terms of the capital intensity per bit in the greenfield, which is higher. Conversions are more efficient. But what's unique for Lam is those conversions, our share -- our capture of the WFE is much higher in the conversions. And so, while we really do sell the same things in both instances, in the conversion, it's mostly etch and deposition equipment that's required to continue to build those taller stacks. And so we do very well there. So this year, it's a blend of both. But I think that, again, it's one of the reasons why, as we look going forward, every tool that gets installed for a greenfield, ultimately, as customers transition to higher layer counts, those tools will ultimately need to be upgraded and move forward through that next layer count. And that means our opportunity for the installed base business just continues to grow, the more fabs ultimately that we built for NAND.
Vivek Arya: All right. Very helpful, Tim. And for my second question, if I take a longer-term view of WFE, what we have seen is that, historically, it will grow for two, at most three, and then it'll kind of consolidate there for a few years. And then, it'll take another big step-up. When I look at the WFE outlook for this year, this will be the second year of very strong growth. How do you think about WFE intensity from these levels? And when do you think we should start to bake in any incremental benefits from the regionalization or increased domestic manufacturing headlines that we see in U.S. and Europe?
Tim Archer: Yes. It's a great question, and we were -- there's no doubt when you have strong years, people start wondering when you'll get a year of the strong. We haven't talked about whether 2022 is up or -- but we have said, we feel we are in a strong multiyear environment. We think it's too early to really know how all these factors I talked about play out in any given year. But over the longer term, we see these new technologies and increasing content, we definitely know increasing complexity. You're hearing that from all of our customers. Increasing complexity is increasing equipment capital intensity. And then your regional comment, another bit of a wildcard, but definitely positive, given everything that is going on that you're seeing in chip shortages and all the discussions there. So I think those items, they will play out over a multiyear period. Recent -- we're kind of aligned with recent things we've read in the media that say, chip shortages don't get solved in 2021. Regional capacity investment ambitions don't get solved in just a couple of year period. These are multi-year trends that we think are tailwinds for semiconductor capital equipment.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just I want to ask specifically an analysis of DRAM market, it's been an undersupply. You haven't seen kind of any company, you really see a big uptick. Just the fact, that is what's going on there and if you see any uptick as you look in the back half of the second year. And then just for Doug, just when you laid out your long-term targets, obviously, a $75 billion WFE is higher than that. You're dealing with higher shipping costs. But just a perspective on, I don't know when you're going to be able to sell the shipping cost or perspective on getting that margin back from the 33% to 34% target that you laid out?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. So you really -- you've got two questions here, Blayne, what's going on DRAM and then what's going on the target model. I'll take a cut at both and then let Tim comment on either one. Yes, we see -- DRAM investment, when I look at it, it's a pretty consolidated set of customers. And I just view them prudently managing capacity, prudently managing where they see pricing, prudently managing how they bring capacity online and paying attention to profitability is really what I see going on. And so that's why when we look at this year, the first-half, DRAM still is fairly muted in terms of level of investment, and you see it ticking up a little bit in the second-half as the industry tries to bring supply closer to where demand is. It's just in a pretty healthy place is how I see it. And yes, that's all -- that's what I get there. Relative to the long-term model, a couple of things to think about. First on the logistics costs. We're going to be dealing with elevated logistics costs until global airfreight gets back to a more normalized level. I don't know when that's going to happen. I think it's going to require some level of consumer travel again because a lot of stuff flies around in the belly of commercial aircraft. And so I'm optimistic it gets progressively better, but we're still seeing headwinds for the foreseeable future. Then relative to the financial model getting at slightly higher profitability, first, I feel great about where we just guided, right, 32% operating income at the midpoint; that would be the second highest level of profitability the company has generated in its 40-plus-year history. So I'm feeling good about what's going on there. There's a time component to the profitability as well, which has to do with some of the things that we talked about on the call today, ramping a factory in Asia -- in the Asia regions where cost structure is a little bit better, dealing with those freight logistics costs. I still feel really good about attaining that financial model. And I think actually, you're seeing demonstration of it this year from us already. I don't know, Tim, if you want to add anything.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think the only thing I would add is, clearly to echo Doug's comment, we're extremely happy with the 32% guide. And in the same vein, we're investing a lot for our future. I mean, Doug mentioned the Malaysia factory, which will help, new Korea technology center coming up, put us closer to our customers, accelerate solutions, bolster our opportunities per share gain across both memory and foundry/logic, new products that are coming out. I mean, I can't remember a time when Lam has had more new products coming out, really focused on key technology inflections across all device segments. And so we're very happy, we're delivering these financial results and making these investments that we think make us much stronger going forward.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Blayne.
Tina Correia: Excuse me, Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our last question from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Weston Twigg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First, I just wanted to ask a follow-up on C.J.'s question around your revenue capacity capability in the back half of the year. It sounds like it maxed out in terms of your system revenue heading into the June quarter, and it loosens up a little bit. But can you give us a feel for what that peak could be? Is it $2.8 billion? Is it $3 billion just from, sort of, boundary in terms of what you're limited by -- from a revenue perspective?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Weston, I'm going to quantify for you, but we're making investments across all of the factory network. We talked about taking ownership of a Taiwan factory. We talked about ramping a new factory in Malaysia. We're trying to squeeze incremental capacity out of what the other existing locations to try to get those lead-times back to a more normalized level that Tim was referencing. And so as we do those things, our capability will get bigger. I'm not going to quantify it for you, but we're working on all of that stuff.
Weston Twigg: Okay. So, it just sounds like -- as long as we think about a gradual improvement over time, we should be -- and don't get too crazy, which should be in the ballpark. The other question I have is just in terms of revenue growth drivers. And wondering if you could just give us a feel for the rate of growth of your systems revenue that's driven by 10-nanometer and below in logic versus some of the older nodes where you're also seeing pretty good growth. Is the rate similar? Or are you saying you're still seeing quite a bit faster growth at the leading edge, which is what we would typically expect?
Doug Bettinger: The majority of the spending in foundry and logic is at those leading edge nodes. Even though there's a broad-based set of investment occurring less because of the capital intensity at the leading edge node, that's usually what drives a lot of what's going on.
Weston Twigg: Okay, thats what I would expect. Perfect. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Wes.
Operator: Thank you. I'll turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator and thank you all for joining our call today. We appreciate your time.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research's December Quarter Financial Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and will review our financial results for the December 2020 quarter and our outlook for the March 2021 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 o'clock PM, Pacific Time, this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's Web site along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM, Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our Web site. And with that, I hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina, and good afternoon everyone. 2020 was a remarkable year for Lam Research. Our global teams rose to meet the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic and delivered the best year in our history. Total revenue of $11.9 billion and earnings per share of $20.45 were both record highs for the company, driven by served available market, market share, and customer support business growth. Through the year, we also launched new products and announced breakthrough technology solutions that we believe lay the foundation for our continued success. Before going into details, I want to express my sincere thanks to our teams for their incredible execution in an extraordinarily difficult environment and to our customers and suppliers for their partnership and support as we all adapted to the unforeseen events of 2020. We entered the New Year with hope that the world will soon emerge from the COVID-19 health crisis and move towards a global recovery. From our view, WFE spending in 2020 ended in the high $50 billion range. This is about what we estimated at our Investor Day in March just before the extent of COVID-19 impact was known. We saw spending growth across all segments of the market led by a recovery in NAND, continued expansion in Foundry/Logic, and a slight pick-up in DRAM. China's domestic spending for the year was in the $10 billion plus range. As we look to 2021, we see strong momentum across all parts of our business. Our early view is for substantial WFE growth to the high $60s billion to $70 billion range, supported by the ongoing migration to higher layer counts in NAND, a strong spending environment in DRAM, and an increased investment in Foundry/Logic as indicated by recent customer commentary. Currently, we are seeing spending biased somewhat towards the first half of 2021. While today's absolute levels of WFE are significantly higher than a few years ago, we believe the rapid digitization of the global economy combined with rising capital intensity due to greater process complexity supports robust multi-year WFE spending. In fact, if there's a common theme that underpins our outlook for the next several years, it is that sustainable growth throughout the semiconductor value chain will be driven by the proliferation of artificial intelligence, high performance computing, IoT, 5G, and the incredible societal advances and user experiences these technologies enable. We expect strong demand from a diverse set of end-use markets to positively impact semiconductor and semiconductor equipment growth in 2021 and beyond. Take, for example, the $200 billion global online gaming market. Nearly 3 billion people worldwide actively play video games across a variety of platforms generating over the last five years more than a 50% CAGR in data growth as users embrace realistic experiences enabled by more powerful processors, faster memory, and higher graphics resolution. If you just look at a sub-segment of the broader gaming market, namely gaming consoles, the number of these units shipped annually is much smaller than the number of smartphones sold. However, when you consider that a GPU for a gaming console is approximately four times the size of a smartphone application processor, this is an important driver of incremental WFE. From a memory and storage perspective, newer consoles utilize approximately twice the DRAM bits and employ SSD-based storage versus HDD in prior generations, and rising capital intensity trends on top of this semiconductor content growth and the impact on WFE increases further. We estimate that a 5% upside in the game console market has the potential to drive about $500 million of incremental WFE, and this is just one end use market example. If we similarly look at the impact of a 5G phone market, we see that 5% incremental demand in 5G units has the potential to drive close to a billion dollars in incremental WFE. It is demand drivers such as these that have strengthened our conviction around the sustainability of WFE spending over a multi-year period. It is against this positive backdrop that Lam remains focused on executing to our long-term objectives for SAM expansion, market share gains, and installed base business growth we described at our Investor Day, last March. In NAND, we continue to extend our strong leadership position. We estimate that our tools have now cumulatively processed approximately 37 million more wafers than our nearest competition through the three most critical 3D NAND applications. Since we first provided this metric at our Investor Day less than one year ago, we have widened the wafers processed experience gap by more than 40%. The accelerated learning that comes from our installed base of 3D NAND systems puts Lam in the best position to deliver the solutions needed to meet our customers next generation manufacturing challenges. It also allows us to gain early insight into new opportunities being created by technology inflections. For example, in 2020 we announced our new Striker FE atomic layer deposition system, which employs a unique ICEFill capability for high aspect ratio dielectric gapfill. This tool addresses a new technology need for 3D NAND devices scaling to 128 layers or more, and production ramp of Striker FE is underway at multiple customers. 2020 also saw the launch of Sense.i, our next generation etch platform, and today we announced our new Vantex high aspect ratio dielectric etch module on Sense.i. Vantex features advanced RF technology and new uniformity enhancements to enable next generation device roadmaps. Vantex and Sense.i together collect more data per wafer than ever before enabling advanced equipment intelligence and to deliver new levels of productivity and process control. The timing of our Vantex launch intercepts DRAM and NAND roadmaps facing increasingly complex node-to-node scaling challenges. As a result, Vantex is already in qualification with both DRAM and NAND customers and repeat orders have been received to ramp this system into high-volume production in 2021. For Foundry/Logic, we continue to target new technology inflections to expand our opportunity and position. Our Kiyo GX conductor etch system has been engineered with an advanced RF pulsing capability to meet the unique requirements of extremely narrow, high aspect ratio features. It also provides extendibility to future devices featuring nano wire or nanosheet architectures. Leading etch Foundry/Logic customers are increasingly adopting Kiyo GX for their most critical front-end-of-line applications at 5 nanometer and beyond, where the need for atomic-level precision etch becomes more acute. Moreover, as devices scale parasitic RC degrades transistor performance. As a result, we are seeing increasing customer pole for Lam etch and deposition solutions designed to reduce RC effects, including atomic layer etch for self-aligned context, new functional films and optimized metal solutions, which reduced via end line resistance by simplifying middle of line and back end of line process flows. In DRAM, we are seeing incremental share in SAM growth also coming from growing complexity of node transitions. We assess that we have greater than 50% etch market share in DRAM, and due to the importance of high-quality hard masks and mask open etches with EUV, we expect additional patterning share gains in etch and deposition as EUV passes increase in future nodes. Adoption of EUV and Foundry/Logic and DRAM is also creating a significant SAM expansion opportunity for Lam's dry photoresist solution. Using this new technology, we believe we can accelerate our growth in both Foundry/Logic and DRAM disrupting the existing wet photoresist equipment market. Our solution is gaining significant traction with leading customers as they look to improve the cost metrics of the EUV patterning. Changes of this magnitude due take time to realize but with tools now being installed and wafers being run for top DRAM and boundary logic customers, we're pleased with our progress readying this innovative technology for production. And finally, 2020 was another outstanding year for our customer support business group. Our installed base has now reached nearly 66,000 chambers, and CSBG revenue growth exceeded chamber growth by a factor of more than 2x for the 2020 calendar year. We generated record revenues for all sub-segments within CSBG. Growth in our Reliant business is driven by automotive, 5G and consumer electronics. We expect these areas to continue to outpace overall market growth in coming years. Meanwhile, we delivered on the expectations we said on our last earnings call, for calendar year growth of 25% in productivity focused services, and 6x growth in remote support engagements. We are excited about the trajectory and broad strength of this business and especially its proven ability to deliver world class support of complex technologies in high volume manufacturing. To wrap up, Lam marked its 40th anniversary in 2020 with record financial performance, a strong slate of innovative new products and services and solid execution on our strategy to expand leadership across markets. As our March quarter guidance suggests, we are optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead for Lam and believe we are in an excellent position to win. Thanks again. And now here's Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Excellent. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today on what I know is a very busy earnings time. I hope you and your families have been safe and healthy since we last spoke with you. I'm really quite pleased to be reporting these outstanding results. We came in at the high-end or exceeded the range for all guided metrics in the December quarter. Despite the challenges we face during 2020 related to the global pandemic, Lam delivered record financial performance in revenue, operating income dollars and earnings per share. Our December quarter revenue came in at $3.46 billion at the high end of our guidance range, and represented an increase of 9% from the September quarter. The strength in our performance was driven by investments in all device segments, as our customers ramped to meet the demands of a diverse set of end markets such as data centers, smartphones, PCs, gaming consoles, IoT and automotive. Overall, our revenue increase was not only driven by the wafer path equipment needs of the industry, but also by the continuous growth of our installed base. We continue to add value to our customers by delivering extra spare parts, equipment upgrades, refurbished tools and advanced service offerings. Looking at the details of our systems revenue, the memory segment was strong in the December quarter coming in at 68% of systems revenue. This strength was driven by the NAND segment which represented 51% of our systems revenue versus 39% in the prior core. December was a record revenue level of NAND quarterly revenue dollars for the company. We have clear leadership positions in the NAND segment, with customers investing in equipment for 64, 96 and 128 layer devices. DRAM investments contributed 17% of our system's revenue. DRAM spend was spread over the one y, one z and one alpha nodes. The revenue percentage was down slightly from the 19% in the September quarter. We expect continuing healthy investments in the combined memory market as we see proven inventory and profitability management. On the Foundry segment side spending remains robust. We concluded 2020 with a record level of revenue dollars in this segment. The majority of the investments in the December quarter were concentrated at the leading edge seven and five nanometer nodes. Foundry represented 26% of our systems revenue for the quarter versus 36% in the September quarter. Rounding out the system revenue picture Logic and other contributed the remaining 6% of systems revenue in December quarter, which was flat with the prior quarter level. From a regional revenue perspective, we continue to see solid levels of investment in the China region coming in at 35% of total revenues. Different than the last several quarters, the majority of the China's spending this quarter came from our global multinational customers investing in their China located fabs. As Tim noted, we achieved another record quarter revenue for our customer support business that are coming in at $1.1 billion, which is an increase of 12% from the September quarter, and over 35% higher than the same quarter in 2019. The growth we've seen in each of the sub-segments of this business is a testament to the value we're providing to our customers for technology and productivity enhancements. We remain very comfortable with our commitment to deliver greater than 40% cumulative CSBG revenue growth between 2019 and 2023, as we outlined at our Investor Day in March of last year. The December quarter gross margin was 46.6% generally in line with our expectations. As I've noted in the past, gross margin can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter due to overall business levels, along with customer and product mix. In the quarter, our factory utilization levels improved with the increased business volume. I would mention we do have continued headwinds to gross margin related to elevated costs for air freight that will impact us until freight planes get back to more normalized levels. Operating expenses for December came in at $563 million, which is an increase from the prior quarter largely as a result of increased incentive compensation expense that was tied to our higher profitability levels. During calendar year 2020, we spent over $1.3 billion in research and development, which represents approximately two-thirds of our operating expenses. The R&D focus is a fundamental part of offering differentiated products and capabilities like Sense.i and Vantex enhanced ALD and dry resist that deliver on our long-term growth objectives. They had over a billion dollars in operating income in the December quarter for the first time in company history, with operating margin at the high-end of the guidance range coming in at 30.3%. This was due to our strong revenue and gross margin. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 11.5%. As we've discussed in the past, we will have fluctuations in tax rate from quarter-to-quarter and you should continue to expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low teens level for the 2021 calendar year. I would mention, we are monitoring potential tax changes that may arise from the new administration in the United States. Other income and expenses approximately $53 million in expense fairly flat with the prior quarter. I would like to remind you that beginning in the March 2020 quarter, the benefits and costs of our employee deferred compensation plan are no longer mismatched in our non-GAAP results. They are mismatched in the GAAP results. This mismatch was $24 million in the December quarter. You can see this in the GAAP reconciliation table of earnings release. The fluctuations were higher this quarter due to the volatility in the market. Let me turn to our capital return activity. For the December quarter, we paid $188 million in dividends and allocated $703 million towards share repurchase. During the quarter, our Board approved an additional $5 billion share repurchase authorization. For calendar year 2020, we repurchased 3.8 million shares, deploying $1.4 billion at an average repurchase price of approximately $360 per share. We also paid out dividends totaling approximately $686 million during the year. In total, our capital return activities represented close to 100% of our free cash flow. I'd also mention that since we increased the level of our capital returned back in 2017, we've paid out $2.1 billion in dividends, and deployed $9.3 billion towards buybacks. repurchasing 47.3 million shares at an average price of $198 per share. Diluted earnings per share came in at $6.03 a little above the guidance range and more importantly at an all-time high for the company. Our diluted share balance was down slightly from the September quarter coming in at 146 million shares pretty much as we forecasted. The share count includes the dilutive impact of approximately 800,000 shares from 2041 convertible notes. Let's now look at the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments including restricted cash decreased to $6.3 billion from $6.9 billion in the prior quarter, largely due to the capital return activities that I discussed previously. Day sales outstanding increased to 76 days in the December quarter from 66 days in September. The increase is largely due to revenue linearity and the timing of collections that fell in the March fiscal quarter. I just mentioned that we collected $136 million on the first day of the March 2021 quarter and over $570 million during the first week. The inventory turns were slightly up from the prior quarter level coming in at 3.2x. Cash flows from operations came in at $345 million, which is somewhat depressed as a result of the growth in accounts receivable and inventory. We've grown the inventory to support the higher expected March business volumes and to mitigate supply chain risks from any potential disruption from the COVID-19 environment. Non-cash expenses included approximately $52 million for equity compensation $59 million for depreciation and $17 million for amortization. Capital expenditures for the December quarter increased from September to a total of $92 million. We're investing to support the expanding operations at our new Malaysia factory, a manufacturing facility in Ohio that's focused on critical spare parts and the recently announced Korea Technology Center. We expect to see somewhat higher levels of capital expenditures in 2021 as we support these critical initiatives. And then, headcount for the December quarter was approximately 12,200 regular full-time employees. Resources have been added to support the increased business volume in our factories to service our customers in the field and to further enhance our R&D capabilities. Now looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the March 2021 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $3.7 billion plus or minus $200 million. Gross margin of 46% plus or minus one percentage point; operating margins of 30.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $6.55 plus or minus $0.40 based on a share count of approximately 145 million shares. Tim's already given you our outlook for 2021 WFE. I just reiterate we do think it will be a somewhat first half separated spent although things could change as the year unfolds. You should take that into account as you build your models for the year. So in summary, we just concluded the best financial year in Lam Research's history. Additionally, we provided guidance for March that represents another record level of financial performance. The company is executing well in a challenging environment. We are delivering on our near-term objectives while laying the framework for continued long-term execution. This is a testament to Lam's leadership team and our dedicated employees. Operator that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Congratulations on the great results. Tim, I just want to go back to your WFE target guide for this year of high 60s to 70. Now, if you harken back to the Analyst Day, almost a year ago, your three to four year target out was sort of a range of 60 to 70. And so, I'm curious, how should we think about how quickly we've gotten here? Do we worry about cyclical overheating? And in a similar vein, as you think about this year being perhaps a little bit more first half weighted, is that really a commentary on normal seasonality, you want to add capacity in the first half, the demand in the second half? Or as you look at the bottoms up, are you worried about any areas that are kind of perhaps cyclically heating up a little bit too much?
Tim Archer: A lot of questions in there John. Maybe there was a comment in my script even that said, in many cases, the outlook, we gave at Investor Day, that was formulated before we really knew about COVID-19, before we saw all of these tremendous work-from-home drivers, a lot of things that just really have kind of changed, maybe the way semiconductors have and the role semiconductors have played kind of in the world in the last 12 months. And so, we gave our best view when we gave it, and at that time, we thought our range of 60 billion to 70 billion seemed pretty reasonable given what we thought about demand. Clearly, some segments of the market have been growing a lot faster as we just mentioned from those demand trends. When we look at it -- there is an urgency to get tooling to meet demand. And that's not just our customers, that's also us as we look, Doug talked about investment in our Ohio facility to build critical spare parts as factories are running at very high levels of utilization. So, we're investing, our customers are investing. I think the outlook is, it's difficult to say, we're telling you right now, it looks like it's first half, somewhat the first half weighted. But I also talked about long-term demand drivers that we think fundamentally continue to become growth drivers for this industry in the long-term. And you've just seen growth and I gave you a couple of examples, 5G, gaming consoles, everybody has read about the shortages in automotive image sensors. There's just such a role that semiconductors play today. I don't think there's any segment we would point to that we feel is overheating relative to the long-term trends we've talked about. Just one example, because I know we'll get the question at some point on NAND. We talked about the recovery in NAND. But if you look at the spending on NAND over the last three years and you average that out, it's actually very close to the average annual spending that we've outlined for a couple years at the Flash Memory Summit, which says that you need roughly $70 billion over a five-year period to hit the high 30s demand in bit growth rate. And so, we feel reasonably comfortable with demand profiles across all the segments right now, and there'll be changes quarter-to-quarter and such, but long-term we think they're in line with the demand we are seeing.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company.
Krish Sankar: Just to follow up on the WFE commentary. Is there a way to quantify it how much of it is front half versus back half? And is there any upside to back half, where do you think it is going to come from memory, domestic China or anything? Then, I have a quick follow up.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, we haven't quantified it and I don't think we're going to do so right now. Doug is shaking his head, no, and not going to right now. But, I think that to your point and Doug kind of mentioned, it's like, this is our view now, you can always feel the demand and the urgency for the next couple of quarters much, much stronger than the quarters further out. So, I think to your question which is where might we see changes later in the year? I think you have to look at some of the demand drivers. And again, there's a broadening of demand across -- it's not just driven by leading edge. In fact, we were looking at the amount of foundry spending for instance that's coming from 28-nanometer and above. It's a very high level these days. You see that in strength that gets reported into our CSBG business, the Reliant business. I think you can continue to see strength there. It's how semiconductor is being incorporated into everything. The content in cars and such, it's just increasing at quite a rapid rate. And those tend to drive kind of that off-leading-edge business at a very rapid pace. Where that gets manufactured? I mean, there is a fair bit of investment in China, for instance, that is at those trailing-edge nodes. And I think that's why we have seen strength in China, and why we actually believe that China, especially at those trailing-edge nodes, continues to be an area of strength as they satisfy a lot of that domestic demand for those kinds of applications like 5G and cars and other things. So, I guess you could say there might be -- might be added strength in those broader demand drivers that could surprise us later in the year.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's super helpful Tim. Just a quick follow up in your WFE assumption for this year, what are you modeling for domestic China? You think it's 10 billion last year? I'm just kind of curious where you are shaping it out to this year? Thank you.
Tim Archer: I don't think we're ready to give like an exact number. But what we've said is 10 billion plus this year, and we expect growth this year. I don't know if Doug wants to add anything.
Doug Bettinger: Probably in the same range, Krish, plus minus a little bit is kind of how we're thinking about it.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I guess, Doug, I wanted to ask the prior question maybe a little bit differently. You said WFE this year, it's probably, 58, I'm sorry, not this year, last year, probably about 58.5. So your share grew about 100 basis points up to like 13.6%. So if I assumed that the service business, maybe you could help tell me if this is right, but it seems like service is going to be maybe 12.25 or 12.50 in March. So if you use that same share numbers, you get like an 18.5, 18.3, 18.5 billion worth of WFE in Q1. So that's almost $74 billion annualized. So, I sort of look at the full year number regarding high 60s to 70. So that was sort of implied that the back half of the year has to be -- at least for the industry has to be down pretty substantially off of for the first half of the year is? Or at least talk about Q1's running. So I'm just kind of wondering if you can comment on that and sort of like double-click on [indiscernible] and I have a follow up. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Tim, I'm not going to unpeel the whole number. And I can't go through all the numbers, as I sit here that he just spit out, I'm sure you're doing the right math or close. As we look into the year, it does look like the first half related year, things move around, things change. I think probably NAND is first half related, I think Foundry/Logic probably a little bit also. And I think DRAM, probably through the year is fairly steady. But things move around, things change, we always have pretty good visibility at this point into the first half, and the second half is far enough away that it can move around. So that's why we kind of tried to put some ranges, you guys will do the math to kind of take it through an open company here. But that's generally what I'm seeing, and then how I'm thinking about it.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, cool. And then, I guess my second question is on NAND. So it looks like CapEx is going to run about EBITDA this year for the industry. I mean, you're going to -- the industry probably does 19 billion in NAND, I don't know if you'd agree with that, 19 billion WFE this year. So that's pretty substantially above the 14 billion run rate that you get when you divide your 70 billion by five. So I guess when you take those two factors, and you look at CapEx being about EBITDA, usually that's not all that sustainable. So I guess, what's do you tell your customers, does that concern you at all? I'm just sort of curious on that. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Tim, when you look at this, it'll go up, it'll go down, nothing goes up every quarter. It ebbs and it flows and if you go back to '19, it was pretty low. Go to '20, it went up a little bit, '21, flat to up a little bit? Maybe? Yeah, probably. And then, it'll course correct based on whatever demand looks like. I mean, when we step back to on the reason, Tim and I both talked about these long-term demand drivers is that the important thing to think about over the next several years for the industry, it won't go up to every quarter. It never does, you know that better than I do or as well as I do. In timing, a fab investment, when things come in, it'll go up, it'll go down. That is what always happens and is what will happen in 2021 most likely.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think probably just to add Tim, I mean, the absolute spending in NAND any given year is somewhat out of our control. But I mean what we do control is, how we continue to expand share of every dollar WFE spent. And that's why I talked about, how we've leveraged the learning we're getting from being the company that runs the vast majority of the critical applications in NAND. So identify new opportunities and new applications and grow into those so that the next node, our share of WFE Fi goes higher. And I talked about Striker FE, the ALD tool for gapfill, brand new application for us compete in the space where we didn't compete before. And, as trend node transitions occur into the future, means that our share of WFE increases. It's also important to remember that our share of every dollar WFE spent on node transitions actually is the highest. And that's simply because of the role that action deposition play in those transitions. So if you end up in a year, let's say and I'm not characterizing any given year in this way, but at the end of the year, where you do have lots of wafer starts, people become concerned that that might be a bit of overheating with new capacity. But actually we look at it as adding to what we would consider to be kind of our 3D annuity, the 3D NAND annuity, which says installed base is larger, which means that the next transition, RAM will get an even greater share of the spending that is required to move that entire 3D NAND installed base forward to the next node. So, that said any given year, something happens, but in the long-term trend, we think Lam's opportunity continues to grow in 3D NAND.
Operator: We will now hear from CJ Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Question is on CSBG business. Is your commentary on the first half weighted year reflected for that business as well? And as part of that, if I hold the business just flat at Q4 level, that business would run about 16% in calendar '21. So how should we think about the growth rate this year? And I'm going to have a quick follow up.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, CJ. My commentary on first half, second half was very much targeted at WFE, not necessarily installed base. Now the installed base won't necessarily grow every single quarter will grow every single year like we've been saying. We feel really good about where we're at, I mean, it's we're record after record. And Tim shared the chamber count with you. It's kind of like it's been over the last several years. So the tailwind there is, it's really very good.
Tim Archer: Yes. And I guess, just to add at our Investor Day we talked about the goal, we had to expand that number. The number of products and services available for the installed base is way of increasing revenue per chamber. And I think you've seen our progress in that area in this past year, and we'd expect that to continue to increase going forward as we focus on equipment intelligence and remote services and a lot of database productivity enhancers.
C.J. Muse: That's great. And as a quick follow up, on your last call, you talked about how -- given the preponderance of manufacturing in Fremont, you couldn't ship to one large logic player in China. Curious if you've been able to get a license and as part of that, are you including the spend there in your 2021 domestic China outlook? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: That's where we're at right now CJ. We're still in the application process for license haven't heard back. When we look at China, that's plus or minus how we described flat to up. There's a range around it. But at this point, we haven't heard back on the license. We have applied and we're waiting.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: And congratulations on the solid results and execution. For all of the leading growth, leading edge growth trends that you highlighted in your prepared remarks, Tim, there's no corresponding significant attach rate of analog and mixed signal semiconductors to these applications. Additionally, some of your customers are moving to 12-inch analog manufacturing. And then, we know that there's pretty significant tightness in boundary capacity for lagging edge 28 and 40 nanometers seam also, approximately, and obviously, I think you mentioned this in driving some of the strength in your business. Approximately what percent of your overall business is lagging edge technology nodes? And do you see this expanding as the year unfolds?
Tim Archer: We don't break out exactly what percentage of our business is in that segment. But I did say we do see that area continuing to grow again. And it's -- that's like what we would almost consider to be the strongest secular growing part of our market, because it's being driven by almost every aspect of the economy in terms of the types of products that semiconductors going into, that are manufactured with those trailing edge nodes. And so, we've seen, I don't, maybe I think it's something like I could get along with eight or nine quarters, I think in a row that we've now had reported record revenues in that trailing edge space. So one, we feel like we know how to compete and address that market. And we think that it's going to be just one that just continues to grow, maybe not quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter, but records every quarter, but certainly year-to-year-to-year, it will continue to be an area of strength for us.
Doug Bettinger: And Harlan, I'll just remind you what we said back at the Investor Day in March and still believe that this segment of WFE will outgrow the rest of the market by -- I don't know, two times, maybe three times, although the leading edge stuff has picked up since then. But it's still a very good growth area for us.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insights there. And then, to kind of follow up on CJ's question in calendar year 20, as you mentioned, services grew 22% that's not only double your installed base, growth CAGR over the past few years. But it's double the trend line target of around 10% as it relates to your 2023/2024 financial model. And if you just look at the continued complexity on these next generation leading edge tools, the strong demand for lagging edge nodes, it appears that the service business is going to continue to grow faster than this 10% growth targets that you guys have put out there, upgrades, the VAN services, Reliant, refurbished flows. So would you broadly agree with that? Or are there some offsets that we should be thinking about that could dampen the year-over-year services trajectory, back to that kind of normalized kind of 10% to 12% level?
Tim Archer: Yes, I don't think we're ready to up our long-term objective just yet. But I think you're pointing out some of the things that are doing quite well in that part of the business around advanced services. And we talked about a 6x increase in remote support engagements. I think if we look, one, we put out that model, Investor Day, as I mentioned, as COVID environment kind of evolved, some of the advanced services, the database services, the poll for the idea of like less people related maintenance, using data and remote capabilities, clearly caught a lot more traction in the second half of the year. We need to see how much of that sticks as we kind of come out of this environment. But we believe that, that those things are -- those capabilities are now kind of demonstrating their value and a lot of that will stay, those will be strong drivers. Another thing happened in 2020 is, there probably were some instances of spares being ordered a bit ahead of normal trend. And as you know, everybody, including Lam, seeing some of our inventory numbers, tried to hedge against disruptions due to COVID-19. So you might see some moderation if you're looking for offsets in that space. So, we feel as Doug said, very comfortable about hitting the objective we put out at the Investor Day, but we're not ready to set a new growth target for the business until we see a little bit more of the trend this year.
Operator: We will move on to Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: For the first one, I'm curious, what do you think is the right way to gauge the utilization of your NAND shipments last year? Is there some engagement with those customers on the CSBG side that gives you insight into what that installed base utilization is because I imagine the NAND number, at least to us was somewhat of an upside surprise? And I just wanted to understand what's driving that?
Tim Archer: Well, I guess if I understand the question about, you're kind of asking how much the tools that we've shipped are being utilized in our customer fabs and that's not something I can really comment on. Obviously, to our engagements with customers, we have good insight into fab but not something we can really talk about. If I misunderstood the question maybe...
Vivek Arya: Or maybe if, Tim, what do you think is the supply demand balance for NAND right now among your customers?
Tim Archer: Well, I think if you consider that we talked about further strengthen the NAND market in 2021, I would say that there is a sense that more equipment is needed to bring on additional capabilities in NAND at this point in time, for sure.
Vivek Arya: And as a quick follow up, Doug I think you alluded to some cost headwinds from air freight. Some of your semiconductor peers, I think have managed to kind of pass on increasing costs in other areas, foundries and wafers and substrates and so forth. Do you think this is the kind of cost you could pass on? I'm trying to think, how do you go from your operating margins right now to the 32% to 34%, kind of range you had outlined at your analyst day at similar level of annualized sales?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek. We're always trying to get the best pricing that we can get. It's hard at times, though that it kind of passed up like this through -- we're doing our best. And it is a bit of a headwind. So I guess we're not able to push it through at this point. I do think just part of things will mitigate at some point, as the world gets back to normal and freight lanes get back to normal. Things are just constrained right now, we fly things in and out of our factory, a lot, oftentimes, or at least we used to in the belly of our commercial aircraft carrier at times. And they're just not flying at the volume that they used to be. I do think that comes back at some point, once we get COVID under control in the world.
Vivek Arya: Any way to quantify the headwind, Doug? Is it like 100 basis points to gross margin, 50 basis points?
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, I haven't given a hard number, but I would tell you, it's noticeable, it's meaningful. It's a meaningful headwind, I wouldn't be talking about it and we're doing our best to manage it. And I do believe it will get better over time. But I haven't quantified it.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: You talked about the drivers of the higher WFE in calendar '21. He talked about migration to higher layer counts. In NAND as well as DRAM and Foundry, I guess, in the NAND side, does that mean you think NAND spending is higher for the year? Or are you not going to go that far? And then, for DRAM, it seems like the economics are improving. Do you think that's -- where people spending sort of independent of that just thinking they need to get a technology migration? Or have you seen sort of stronger spending because the market has been stabilizing and improving.
Doug Bettinger: Joe, I will start and then I will let Tim add on as well. As we look into 2021, right now, pretty much we see every segment of our business up, right, it's up in Foundry/Logic, it's up in NAND, it's up in DRAM, to different degrees, and like I kind of alluded to earlier, things can change but that's our outlook right now. And again, we see these longer term demand drivers as a large part of what's going on. And Tim, if you want to add anything?
Tim Archer: No. I think you pretty much get it. I mean, I think, you started with the question about NAND, I mean, again, it's again, this layer transition is a way for customers to reduce their costs. And that those transitions are complex from [indiscernible] perspective. So creating a lot of demand for our tools to help enable those transitions.
Joe Moore: Yes. To the extent that a lot of NAND spending is on layer count migration, rather than adding incremental wafers. I mean, does that wouldn't Lam normally outgrow the WFE in that kind of environment, assuming there isn't like a lot of capacity being added in NAND?
Doug Bettinger: In a conversion, as Tim alluded to earlier, when you're just doing layer count conversion, that's the sweet spot for us in terms of the percent of spend. So the answer is yes. With the caveat that everybody's installed base is a little bit different. There's always a handful of new wafers coming in, and you got to kind of peel the onion back to the next layer and look at what's going on in any one period. But I would agree with your comment that in a layer count conversion, that's a good spot for us.
Operator: Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs has the next question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. I have two as well. My first one is somewhat related to Joe's question, wanted to get your thoughts on your ability to outperform WFE in 2021. Tim, given sort of the application wins that you have in the bag, and given sort of the device type mix that you guys are assuming internally, would it be fair to assume kind of a similar magnitude of outperformance in your systems business in 2021 vis--vis 2020. Or do you think 2020 was a little bit unique given how strong NAND was in the year?
Tim Archer: So that's a lot of information you're asking for. As we look, I mean, Doug just mentioned, I mean, clearly we see strength across all parts of the business. NAND expansion is clearly good for us. As I mentioned in my comment, you're more than 50% share in DRAM etch, we're expanding our deposition. So DRAM is good. Foundry/Logic is an area where, obviously, from an exposure perspective, Lam has -- it's been less in the past, but we've talked about our improvements there. And so I think even there, as the nodes move forward, some of these new products we're talking about, whether it's dry resists, that might not be a 21 story, maybe, but more of a 22 and beyond story. But you know, we're working hard to increase our SAM as a percent of WFE and so, I guess what I just say is in terms of outperformance, you get to go back to what we said at investor day, which is the way our past outperformance is to expand our SAM and coming from where we are in the high 30s. We said we're going to get to 40% SAM as a percent of WFE. That's increasing our opportunity. And then, we do think with new products like the Vantex and Sense.i, and other products that are kind of in the pipeline to come in later this year. Those will be market share drivers for us. And so, combination SAM expansion and market share gains will hopefully to continued outperformance in the market.
Toshiya Hari: And then, Tim, as my follow up, you just mentioned Vantex, pretty fascinating technology. Wondering if you could kind of give us some color on areas or points of differentiation, vis--vis your nearest competitor in Asia. And if you can remind us what your market share aspirations are and dielectric etch over the next couple of years, that would be super helpful, just given how, relatively speaking, you've been stronger in conductor. So I think the opportunity set is bigger in dielectric. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Well, just a couple things. I mean, one, the Vantex story is really like two parts. One is, it is the first module on the new Sense.i platform. So again, when you're thinking about Sense.i, you're thinking about a tremendous amounts of data collection and using that, not only to improve the productivity of the platform and the maintenance and such, but also process control. And as you look at now in that dielectric high aspect ratio etch, which is where Vantex is targeting, those etch's are becoming incredibly difficult both in NAND and DRAM where that product is really targeted. We've leveraged the learning from all of those wafers I talked about, we've been running relative to the competition in 3D NAND to really understand what it takes to build the world's class high aspect ratio etch and that's what we think we've delivered to the market. We do really well in dielectric etch, quite honestly, in both DRAM and NAND already, but we're not going to -- we haven't quantified, I believe our dielectric etch ambition, but clearly it's higher in years to come. And we think Vantex and Sense.i is the platform to do that.
Operator: Now we will from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Wanted to go back to the last quarter you talked about, obviously, you wanted to guide WFE because guideposts and obviously DRAM was the strongest. Now fast forward and we've all seen big foundry CapEx numbers, but your NAND came in strong as well. Can you talk us through over the last three months, what kind of improved for you? I know you don't want to [indiscernible] for the year but just trying to get a better feel as to what you're expecting between those two segments.
Doug Bettinger: I know Blayne, obviously, one large foundry customer upsized their CapEx. I think everybody understands what happened there. I don't think any of us saw the totality of that coming. So clearly, that was a bit of the upside. Maybe that would be the only thing I would specifically point to.
Blayne Curtis: And then, just back on gross margin, obviously, you have the higher freight costs, you are guiding it down a bit, revenue up, can you just kind of walk us through the March guide. And then, there's opportunities for leverage, either gross margin or even on OpEx, for rest of the year.
Doug Bettinger: I think everybody knows this isn't really a huge fixed cost business. So when revenue goes up, it matters but it's not what matters as much as in like our customers business, product mix matters, customer mix matters. Customer concentration moves gross margin around. That's happening probably a little bit in the March quarter. A little bit of a headwind, if I think about the longer term, getting to that financial model that we put out for '23. Two things I would point you to on the gross margin and operating income for that matter. One is this freight headwind that we're dealing with. Second, I referred to ramping the factory in Malaysia, that's going to be somewhat more efficient, a little bit bigger factory, a little bit more cost efficient factory. So there's some upside that we're going to see in gross margin there. And that's really from where we are today to where we're trying to get to or where we're going to get to, what gets you there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Tim, you guys have seen strong growth in 3D devices, particularly in NAND area and are announcing the new technology for high aspect ratio. My question is in the logic side, the logic devices are now moving in three dimensions. For example, nanosheet, the three nanometer Korean foundry this year. And how does that impact the definition etch opportunity? And should we be looking at that as a major inflection?
Tim Archer: I would hope you would be. We've been talking about really at some point along the roadmaps, every device ultimately is inflecting to 3D simply because that's how you get continued scaling. And so, I talked about our Kiyo GX tool. One of the -- you start seeing new types of technologies come in the etch and also deposition space. I mentioned that tool with its atomic layer etch capabilities, those tools are well suited to the types of 3D devices that you're going to see in nanosheet, or nano wire architectures. There will also be other tools, which we haven't really talked about so publicly that they are in the hands of our customers around selective etch that will become much more prevalent within 3D logic foundry devices. And then a whole slew of new deposition films that also help, I mentioned some of the [RC] [ph] and such so, I think it's an area where we can continue to expand our SAM by catching kind of those 3D inflections in logic and foundry. Our R&D that Doug talked about is really targeted towards growing our opportunity in that space.
Atif Malik: Okay. And we have heard about supply constraints in chips and printed circuit boards. Is the availability of chips impacting your capability to be able to present for your customers?
DougBettinger: In any supply chain is complex as ours is with as many suppliers as we'd have. There's always something that you're working your way through. And certainly there's a handful of those things today, given volume is inflecting up, but we're managing through it pretty well.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Certainly, our final question will come from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo.
Joe Quatrochi: On your expectations for domestic China being flat up? How are you thinking about the efficiency of spending this year as the customers continue to ramp up their technology curves?
Doug Bettinger: In China, specifically, Joe, is that's your question?
Joe Quatrochi: Yes. For your domestic China customers, I think in the past, you talked about there's some level of inefficient spend just given that they're still kind of learning.
Doug Bettinger: Our domestic China customer base is very broad. It's much broader, I think, perhaps than all of you realize. And you've got people at all kinds of different points along ramping technology, some are been doing it for a really long time. Some are brand new to certain technologies. When a customer is new to a technology takes a little while to get to an efficient ramp point. So it's a broad set of customers that are at different points, I think is what I would describe. Again, depending on how long they've been doing, what they're doing.
Joe Quatrochi: Okay, fair enough. And then, quickly on just the CSBG side, how are you thinking about the improvement of memory fab productivity last year contributing to the growth? And then, how do we think about that this year? Because I assume that the spare parts business would be more of a modest contributor to growth for that business this year.
Doug Bettinger: Let me think about that question. I don't know, Tim, if you have anything you want to add. I mean, consumption of spares will ebb and flow across every one of our end markets with utilization and utilization size spare part consumption is somewhat higher? It's just the nature of how -- it's a consumable part, obviously. So it needs to go along with volume. I don't know if I'm answering your question but that's true and the memory fab is true in foundry and logic as well. As Tim suggests, maybe there was a little bit of by head in spares maybe a little bit, but I don't think that was huge. I don't know.
Tim Archer: And I don't think that it was something that needs specific memory. But in general, a couple of comments we've made about spare parts, maybe just to come into, we have always focused on the critical applications, because critical application, you have to keep those chambers in very pristine condition in order to be able to deliver the [on-wave] result the customer needs. They tend to be bigger drivers of spare parts. And so, I think as each of these technology nodes gets more complex, spare parts and the capability of those spares continues to grow. That's good for our business. But the flip side of that, of course, is that's customers cost. And so, that's why we are continuously looking for things like the new Sense.i platform to help our customer reduce maintenance cost and running cost of the systems. I mentioned Sense.i and Vantex, the first adopters and the first one to ramp up that production are going to be in the memory space. And that's simply because it delivers technology, [indiscernible] productivity and that's really the key. How do you find that balance of getting the results on the wafer without consuming too many spare parts and without consuming too much of the tool equipment time? I think Lam has become very good at that. And I think that again, we point to the volume of learning we have in high volume production, cross and endearing cost sensitive applications. I think we may be the best at that.
Operator: That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Correia for any additional closing remarks.
Tina Correia: We just wanted to thank everyone for joining today and we will talk to you all again soon. Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Lam Research September Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and will review our financial results for the September 2020 quarter and our outlook for the December 2020 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 o'clock PM, Pacific Time, this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information.  Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM, Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. With that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina. And welcome, everyone. Lam delivered very strong September quarter results. Revenues and gross margin came in above the midpoint of the guided range. Operating margin and diluted earnings per share exceeded the high end of the range. Our performance reflects solid execution across the company. The operating environment remains challenging due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but the tremendous dedication of Lam's employees and our partners worldwide is enabling us to perform at a high level.  Notably, the September quarter marked record revenue and diluted earnings per share for the company and was also the first quarter in which we have exceeded $1 billion in revenue from our customer support business group. At the midpoint of our December quarter guidance, we will be growing EPS more than 35% year-over-year in 2020. Investments we are making in manufacturing and supply chain resilience are enabling us to meet customers critical needs in a period of strong demand and are preparing us for the continued growth we see ahead. Before I talk about market and product trends, I want to touch upon China-related trade regulations. As has been widely reported, U.S. regulations have impacted our ability to ship wafer fab equipment and parts to a large foundry customer in China. We're working with regulators on this issue and have applied for licenses to ship equipment and parts that are subject to restrictions. As a result of the current situation, our December quarter guidance reflects an impact to sales to this customer. From a market perspective, we see positive momentum in the underlying drivers of semiconductor growth and believe this translates into a healthy outlook for Lam's business. Work and learn from home trends continue to drive demand in key electronics categories, including PCs, storage, and networking. Third-party data suggests that growth in PC, notebook, and workstation shipments in the calendar third quarter surpassed a 10-year high to reach record levels. Moreover, some memory manufacturers have noted shipping record levels of consumer solid-state drive bits in their most recent quarter. We believe that many of the changes brought about by this years shift to remote working and learning environments will be structural. The net result will be a pull forward of key long-term secular growth themes for the semiconductor industry, including accelerated build out of cloud data centers and expansion of high-speed communication networks. Against this backdrop, we see WFE spending growing across NAND, DRAM, and Foundry/Logic supported by demand fundamentals that should drive continued WFE strength into 2021. Overall, our expectation for WFE in calendar year 2020 remains unchanged from our prior outlook of the mid to high $50 billion range with an improved memory mix compared to 2019. Leading edge spending in Foundry/Logic remains robust, with rising capital intensity and the secular growth drivers discussed earlier, effectively resetting equipment spending expectations to a higher level in this segment for the foreseeable future.  We are also experiencing strong pull for trailing edge Foundry/Logic nodes, due to a pickup in the automotive, IoT, and image sensor markets. This helped us deliver in the most recent period, another quarter of record sales for our Reliant business. In NAND, we see spending increasingly focused on 9x layer and beyond devices where higher capital intensity for etch and deposition, combined with Lam's strong market share positions create even greater opportunity for the company than at prior nodes. Year-on-year total NAND installed wafer capacity is expected to remain flat, with NAND bit supplies growth still tracking below long-term demand as we exit calendar year 2020.  In DRAM, customers continue to invest cautiously and supply growth remains below long-term demand. As a result, we see a positive setup for next year and believe DRAM spending will increase as we progress into 2021. We expect to provide our full 2021 WFE outlook in our January earnings call. Turning now to our business updates. We recorded solid progress in the September quarter towards our long-term growth objectives. A fundamental part of our strategy is to deliver broad innovation in equipment, process, and support capabilities to help our customers accelerate the transition of next generation 3D devices into high volume manufacturing. We are developing a pipeline of differentiated products and services to address what we believe is one of the most pressing challenges for our customers. The need to drive on ever more complex leading-edge devices, the node-to-node cost per bit and cost per transistor reductions that have been the key to our industrys success.  With this goal, we are investing significant focus this year in two areas: One, accelerating our vision for Equipment Intelligence solutions. And two, extending our technology leadership in critical high aspect ratio processing. First, Lam Equipment Intelligence is a suite of capabilities, including data-driven modeling, state-of-the-art sensing, adaptive feedback algorithms, augmented reality, remote support, and self-maintenance hardware, aimed at shortening process development times and delivering predictable manufacturing ramps at lower cost with fewer resources. Our groundbreaking Sense.i etch platform introduced earlier in 2020 is a great example of a tool designed to leverage our holistic approach to our Equipment Intelligence offerings. On Sense.i, these capabilities are used to enhance RF and temperature control, improve edge yield, automate routine maintenance activities, and reduce chamber matching times across large fleets of tools. In the September quarter, we continued to gain traction for this new product with initial shipments to two additional memory customers. We have aligned roadmap insertion plans with the top memory manufacturers and expect to ship multiple repeat systems in the next few months. While new platforms like Sense.i are designed for Equipment Intelligence from initial concept, we have also demonstrated this year that customers can realize significant value by deploying select elements of our Equipment Intelligence solution set as options or upgrades for their current generation systems. For example, our Corvus R automated self-maintenance feature available on our Kiyo conductor etch system has been proven to shorten maintenance cycles and improve process repeatability on critical and semi-critical applications. As a result, the installed base of Kiyo etch systems equipped with Corvus R technology is on pace to expand by more than 4 times in calendar year 2020. Lam Equipment Intelligence is also enabling new types of remote support that have proven vital to business resilience during the COVID-19 pandemic. Big data analytics approaches to enhance troubleshooting and simplified process optimization are seeing growing adoption. In 2020, our data enhanced service activities are on track to grow 3x over the prior year. Virtual reality technologies are allowing us to continue training engineers across the globe to further develop their skills on our latest systems without the need for international travel.  Similarly, the latest innovations in augmented reality headset devices are allowing us to connect the engineers at customer sites to real time experts support in our factory, often as much as halfway around the world. Our customer support business group is projecting 6x growth in remote support engagements this year. We believe building an ecosystem of smart tools and intelligent services will help drive sustainable cost reductions across the semiconductor manufacturing process and generate growth for our installed base business. Revenue from our productivity-focused offerings, including advanced services is expected to grow approximately 25% in this calendar year. In the area of process technology, the continued vertical scaling of 3D device and packaging architectures across all market segments creates a compelling long-term growth story for Lam. Over the past decade, we have built a winning track record in etch and deposition at the 3D inflection; most notably, in the transition to 3D NAND. In the September quarter, we further extended our lead in 3D NAND with favorable high aspect ratio conductor etch [decisions] for devices beyond 200 layers and new application wins in dielectric ALD gapfill and carbon hard mask deposition. Our high aspect ratio processing expertise also applies to emerging 3D packaging architectures. In Foundry/Logic it has been estimated that 3D heterogeneous integration solutions can enable cost reductions of approximately 20% for leading-edge nodes. In addition, 3D chip stacking is delivering performance advantages for advanced image sensors and high bandwidth memory. We expect etch and deposition intensity in advanced packaging and our corresponding revenue opportunity to continue to increase as more integration schemes leverage 3D scaling. In the most recent quarter, we received multiple follow on orders for our SABRE 3D electroplating and Syndion etch tools for this market. And since 2015, our installed base for both tools has doubled. Looking forward, I am more confident than ever that Lamb's capabilities and strategic investments are well aligned with the fundamental needs of our customers and our industry. The complexity and cost scaling challenges for future technology nodes require comprehensive innovation in products and services that drive efficiencies from the very beginning of the design process all the way through to the support and maintenance activities in a high volume manufacturing fab. This focus is fast becoming the thread that ties together our strategic growth objectives. And we are pleased that we are beginning to see the results of our efforts reflected in our strong financial performance. Thank you again for joining today's call, and now here's Doug.
Doug Bettinger : Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone has continued to remain safe and healthy. We're extremely pleased with our operational and financial execution in the September quarter. We delivered record performance in multiple areas, including total revenue, which came in at $3.18 billion. And as Tim mentioned, as part of that revenue, we achieved over a $1 billion of revenue in our customer support business group. These results are clear evidence of our ability to grow the company and meet the needs of our customers while further improving our business resiliency. Our September revenues increased 14% from the June quarter driven by customers technology investments to meet long-term growth opportunities. These opportunities range across multiple vectors such as data centers, 5G networks, smartphones, gaming consoles, and personal computers. In the September quarter, we also had a record level of earnings per share coming in at $5.67, the results of our solid revenue and gross margin performance. Let me now move on to provide some color on our systems revenue. There were continued strong investments in the Foundry segment, and we had the highest system revenue dollars per foundry in our company's history. Our customers invested broadly with spending targeted at 14, 7 and 5 nanometers. Foundry represented 36% of our systems revenue for the September quarter. The Memory segment was also strong in the September quarter coming in at 58% of systems revenue. NAND represented 39% of our system quarter revenue with investments spanning 64, 96 and 128 layer devices. We saw increases in DRAM spending, which contributed 19% of our systems revenue, which was up for 16% in the June quarter. Customer investments focused primarily on node transitions to 1y and 1z. We continue to see memory bit supply growth in the near term below long-term demand growth, supporting our belief that the memory market remains a healthy place from an inventory management as well as investment standpoint. And finally, the Logic and Other segment was down quarter-to-quarter and contributed the remaining 6% of systems revenue in the September quarter compared to 10% in June. For regional revenue concentration, as we discussed last quarter, we see solid levels of investment in the China region, which came in at 37% of total revenues in the September quarter. The majority of that revenue again came from domestic Chinese customers in the quarter. We have a broad base of customers in the China region. And despite the trade regulations that have impacted us with certain customers, we see continued strength in this region for our business from both domestic and multinational customers. We achieved another record quarter of revenue for our customer support business group at just over $1 billion, as I previously mentioned. This was an 11% increase from the June quarter level and over 28% higher versus the same quarter in 2019. In addition to the strength of our advanced service offerings were optimizing the capabilities of our installed base through technology and productivity upgrades. We also continue to see strong demand in the refurbished tool business driven by growth in various applications within the specialty technology markets. You should think about things like IoT, RF and power devices. We're on track to deliver the growth objective of over 40% cumulative revenue growth between 2019 and 2023 for CSBG that we outlined at our Investor Day earlier this year. Our gross margin for the September quarter was 47.5% at the high end of our guidance range. Customer and product mix are always factors impacting our gross margin. We also experienced favorable impacts in the quarter related to increased factory and field utilization. We made more progress on our production efficiencies as we operate with COVID-19 related safety protocols. We are experiencing higher costs in the global freight and logistics area and expect these elevated costs will continue until broader air freight availability becomes available. September quarter operating expenses were $523 million. Over two-thirds of our spending remains focused on R&D as we continue to make progress in our growth initiatives for market share, and technology disruptions to expand our serve available markets. Incentive compensation was higher as well during the quarter related to our higher profitability levels. We are maintaining travel and other expenses at lower levels as we continue to work remotely in many locations.  Our operating margin in the September quarter came in over the guidance range at 31.1% with operating income of $988 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 10.9%. We will have fluctuations in our tax rate from quarter-to-quarter, and you should continue to expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low teens level. As we've noted before, we expect other income and expense will vary quarter-to-quarter based on several market related items, think about things like foreign exchange and the level of interest rates.  Other income and expense was approximately $51 million in expense, which was higher than in the June quarter. The increase was driven by lower interest income on our cash and investment balances, as well as the impact of a full quarter of interest expense associated with the $2 billion debt offering that we completed at the end of April.  Let me now shift gears and move on to capital return. We continue to drive strong cash flow and remain committed to the targets we laid at our Investor Day earlier this year to have our capital return at 75% to 100% of free cash flow. We were active in our buyback activity during the September quarter and repurchased approximately $450 million of stock. In addition, we paid $167 million in dividends in the quarter. I would also like to highlight that we announced in August a dividend increase from $1.15 to $1.30 per share each quarter, which was paid in October.  Diluted earnings per share came in at $5.67, above the guidance range we provided for the September quarter. Our diluted share count was essentially flat for the September quarter at 147 million shares as we expected. The share count includes the dilutive impact of approximately 900,000 shares from the 2041 convertible notes. The dilution schedule for the remaining 2041 convertible notes is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference.  Let me now move on to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments including restricted cash decreased slightly in the September quarter to $6.9 billion from $7 billion in the June quarter. Cash flows from operations came in at $643 million, which is solid performance in an environment where we continue to deploy cash towards working capital to support increased business volumes. DSO decreased slightly in the September quarter to 66 days from 68 days in the June quarter. Inventories turns were also slightly down from the prior quarter coming in at 3.1 times. Inventory balances are somewhat higher, as we are growing inventory to support higher business levels, as well as to mitigate risk and potential supply chain disruptions.  Non-cash expenses were approximately $56 million for equity compensation, $56 million for depreciation, and $17 million for amortization. Capital expenditures in the September quarter increased from June to a total of $63 million. We are slightly ramping up capital spending to support things like the Sense.i platform development, our new Malaysia factory and the technology lab that we announced in Korea. Ending headcount for the September quarter was approximately 11,700 regular full time employees. We added resources to support the higher levels of customer activity in the factory and in the field. Additionally, we're supporting new activities in research and development areas like Sense.i, enhanced ALD and dry resist. Looking ahead, I'd now like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the December 2020 quarter. We are expecting revenue of $3.3 billion plus or minus $200 million; gross margin of 46% plus or minus 1 percentage point. Gross margin is a bit lower as we see a less favorable mix, as well as ongoing COVID-related expenses; operating margins of 29.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $5.60 plus or minus $0.40 based on a share count of approximately 146 million shares.  Now, in an effort to address your question, I know everyone has concerning our business with a large Chinese foundry, I'll just give you a direct update relative to the guidance. As Tim mentioned, we are fully complying with all regulations and have applied for licenses to allow us to ship tools and parts to them. The status of the license approval is uncertain. The revenue and earnings guidance I just provided is lower than it otherwise would have been as a result of this uncertainty. With the results we've delivered and the guidance we've provided for the December quarter, the 2020 calendar year is expected to be the strongest ever in the 40 year history of Lam Research. We're well-positioned to advantage from the continued strength and investments across all segments of the semiconductor industry. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our first question from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead. 
C.J. Muse : I guess first question on the NAND side. I think there's a notion that perhaps we might be nearing the peak on spending. So, we'd love to hear your thoughts on: A, how do you think about your revenue opportunity on just node migration versus new wafer starts? And then B, can you kind of walk through the revenue opportunities, which sounds like its increasing as we migrate from the 9x layer node to 128 layers and above?
Tim Archer: Sure. Let me start C.J. Yes, I think that, you probably called out the most important point right there at the end. What we have continuously said is that, because of the role that etch and deposition play in building devices, our opportunity is growing quite significantly at two of those node migrations. And so, from our revenue perspective, we clearly see that, that revenue continues to grow in 3D NAND into the future.  From a spending perspective, obviously, anytime you continue to see higher and higher numbers, you can start to think about a peak. But again, if you looked at and thought about what I said about supply growth, we still see ourselves exiting this year with supply growth remaining below the long-term trend line. And also if you go back and reference the data point we've given a couple of times at the NAND Flash at the Flash Memory Summit, about five year spending requirements to meet what we see as long-term demand growth in the high 30% range. That is -- we're kind of nearing those spend levels right now after a couple of years previously of underspending that. And so, I think that we're still quite confident about how we enter 2021 from a NAND spending perspective. 
C.J. Muse: And as my follow-up, on the CSBG side, you saw great acceleration on a year-over-year basis I think, up 29%. So I was just curious, is that a function of higher utilization rates of customers? Is there kind of one-time upgrades in there or is that tools coming off warranty? And as part of that, how should we kind of think about the growth trajectory of that business for all of fiscal 21?
Tim Archer: Sure. Well its -- maybe the last part first, which is, as Doug pointed out, probably the best way to think about its future growth is still the same as what we said in March, which is a 40% growth between out to 2023, but we did see an acceleration. And I think what you're seeing is in some ways the power of that business, which is made up of several different components, you pointed out some of them, a sensitivity utilization which is primarily in the spares business.  And then also as customers look to get more out of their existing installed base, I mean, a lot of my script talking about how customers are looking for ways to enable these transitions and enable high volume manufacturing ramps, but we are sensitive to how much it costs to do that. And so, customers continue to look for technology and productivity upgrades to make those installed bases as valuable to them as possible. So we have seen upgrades increase in terms of that. And then I also mentioned, spending on refurbishment and other systems as well. And so, it's a multifaceted business and I think that right now we're hitting all of the angles that are very important to our customers. 
Operator: And well go ahead and take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Great job on the quarterly execution and strong results. Yes, it's been two years of sort of weak flattish DRAM spending. But as the demand profile looks strong next year, and you have the early move to run alpha node, 2021 is looking like a growth year for DRAM spending. And on top of that, memory architecture has always been very 3D-like, and similar to NAND-like. Aspect ratios are increasing, tighter tolerances on material thicknesses and so on. So ahead of this strong DRAM year, how do you view your SAM and share expansion potential on some of these next generation 1-alpha DRAM architectures?
Tim Archer: Yes, just to kind of reiterate comments we've made in the past. I mean, we -- as you pointed out, every time you move forward in technology, whether it's 3D NAND, we just spent time talking about or hearing DRAM. The features are getting taller. The aspect ratios are getting more difficult and that is requiring more etch and deposition technology, and it tends to expand our SAM. What weve said is every technology node in DRAM, NAND, and in Foundry/Logic, our SAM grows if the technology moves forward. So, your question about DRAM is no different. We do anticipate and we said that we think we enter 2021 with a good setup for rising DRAM spending. As you pointed out, a couple of years of flattish DRAM spending where we've kind of been under growing long-term demand. And so, we combine increased spending with, we see as higher intensity due to these technology changes that require more etch and deposition equipment, we think it's a good setup for Lam going into 2021.
Harlan Sur : And then, Doug, on -- obviously, very strong gross margin performance by the company. And that's even still with the higher logistics and transport and freight-related cost due to COVID-19. Can you just give us an update here, and maybe give us a sense on how big that impact is to your gross margins either in the just reported September quarter or in the December quarter guide?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Harlan, I haven't quantified it, but it's noticeable. I mean, let me put it that way. I mean freight logistics spending is quite expensive right now simply because there's just not enough airfreight flying across the Pacific Ocean where a lot of our stuff comes and goes. But I haven't quantified it. Harlan, the right way -- maybe just thinking back longer-term to the financial model, but the right way to think about it is still the numbers that are embedded in there. Right now, when I think about the revenue levels we're at, we're trending a little bit below what might be in that model and it's because of the COVID inefficiencies, in particular, freight and logistics. I'm not going to quantify it for you, though, but that's how you should be thinking about it. And we had a really positive mix in September. We don't have quite as positive mix in December. So that's the commentary around sequential gross margin.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer : I guess, Tim, Doug, you talked about SMIC in the December quarter being a hit, but I was hoping you could quantify that. And as you do, kind of help us understand how China might trend as a percent of revenue in the December quarter. It's been well above trend. And I know you've talked about broad-based strength, but do you see that kind of well above trend representation in the December quarter as well?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, John, I'm not going to quantify the large Chinese foundry impact to the guide. I think the numbers I've seen people suggest, percent of revenue, WFE, longer-term basis, the right way to kind of think about where that particular customer might have been and could continue to be if we are all in the industry able to get licenses. In any given quarter, it can be up or down as all customers are. So I'm not going to specifically quantify it in December, but I think you know roughly how big they are.
John Pitzer : That's helpful. And I apologize for the follow-up, but you guys clearly understand the concern out there is, how much of the China strength is related to customers that are being worried about full bans going into China by the U.S. government. Tim, I'd like to get your kind of thoughts. In a worst-case scenario, if the U.S. were to ban equipment going into China, how much of the China CapEx in WFE today do you think would need to be reconstituted in other geographies to support demand? And how much of it do you think could be lost in just representative of kind of China building in anticipation of demand multiple years out as they go -- pursue their semiconductor -- domestic semiconductor strategy?
Tim Archer : Well, I mean it's a very difficult question to answer from the standpoint that in many ways, what you just implied in the question was that some of that may be building in China in anticipation of demand they see several years out. We think that demand -- I mean, for all of the reasons that we talked about, whether it's -- I mean, it's just the digitization of the global economy, that's occurring everywhere. And so we think that demand remains. And so to your point of how much of it gets reconstituted, how much of it gets satisfied, I think China demand, global demand has to be satisfied by somebody. And so I think, ultimately, a lot of it gets reconstituted. And the only part that might not be is, what we have acknowledged, and I think most people recognize is as you're coming up the learning curve, there can be in the short-term some overspending as you're learning and you're building yield and you're gaining efficiencies.  But even in the long run, that -- we've seen that play out over every region. And what ends up happening is that turns in ultimately to business -- for our installed base business, where we go back years later, and we're making that installed base productive. And so this industry is so efficient but I don't think there's ever really anything that gets lost, quite honestly. And that's -- but I mean, there's a lot of -- there were probably a lot of pieces to your question that require assumptions. But I think that it would cause some disruption, as we said, in the short-term. But in the long term, demand drivers and the need to supply semiconductors and semiconductors equipment to meet them doesn't fundamentally change in our view.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And maybe, John, I'd just add a couple of things, the way I think about it. When I look at the revenue in China for us, it's split fairly evenly between the multinational customer base and the local Chinese customer base. So to help you frame it a little bit, that multinational stuff, obviously, was a decision to put in a country that could have gone anywhere quite honestly. And then as Tim alluded to, a lot of the Chinese customers are relatively new in their process ramps, so maybe they're a little bit inefficient or somewhat inefficient. But at the end of the day, they're building capacity to support long-term demand that somebody else will step into over a period of time. So anyway hopefully that's helpful.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri : I had 2. I guess the first one, Doug, is on service. And I guess the question is, how much, if any, inventory stocking of spares, do you think is going on? I know you try to put controls around that. But it seems pretty clear how much service has taken off for the past 6 months that maybe that is actually happening. You've been pretty clear that you can't run the tool if you don't get the spares, so it wouldn't make any sense to pull the tool in. But we have heard that there is some communal stocking happening in China for parts and whatnot. So can you speak to how much of a factor that is? Do you actually see that happening?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Tim, it's hard to know, to be perfectly honest. One thing I looked at in anticipation of this question coming up is, from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, did any customer meaningfully increase their spares orders with us in China? And the answer to that was, no, not really. That doesn't mean that maybe they weren't planning to stock a little bit ahead. It would be pretty hard at times to know. But I don't see a big stocking going on in China for spares. That's maybe the way I'd summarize that. I don't know, Tim, if you think any differently about that.
Tim Archer : No, I think that's fair. I mean, obviously, just as you see, even sometimes in our own numbers, is you're building for growth. I mean, there's no doubt, the inventories themselves, the number of parts that have to be stocked and maybe its what wed call the safety stock level. I mean, those may rise. I mean when you're in the early days of a manufacturing fab, youre always concerned about like the time to get another part shipped in. But as you really start working towards efficient mass production, you do that. So I think we have seen -- and clearly, we have seen that shipments have increased, but whether they're increasing more than the growth plans of the -- of those customers, a little bit more hard to say. And I'd say just across the board, there's a little bit of a -- everybody is focused on business resilience. But as we talk about things that may be structural, I think for quite a long time, and people are going to be looking at what do I have to do to ensure my business can run. And so I don't think those -- you see those immediately like turned on and off.
Timothy Arcuri : And then, Doug, I guess a follow-up just on the balance sheet. You did start to repo back up, $450 million is definitely a respectable number, but you still have $7 billion in cash. And I think in the past, you said maybe you did $4 billion but that's kind of the optimal cash. So you definitely have a lot of excess cash. So maybe can you update us there on your thoughts on what you're thinking with the excess cash? I think it seems a little harder that you'd be able to do M&A and semis to get some regions to improve that. So can you just talk to the excess cash level, Doug?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Tim, I specifically reiterated the 75% to 100% return to free cash flow as the company's planned objective. I don't know think of it, however, that's what we're planning to do. Now over the last couple of years, we've done more than that. We've done more than 100%. And your observation is right. We probably have a little more cash than we need sitting on the balance sheet right now. We'll be looking at that periodically over time. But I don't have anything new to tell you right now relative to any change in our plans or thinking.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar : I have two of them. First one for Tim. On the NAND side, when your customers go from 96 to 128 layers, as you move organically, the etch times went up, and which is a big positive for Lam. But going beyond 128 layers, if customers start stacking layers, is it a slight negative? What I'm trying to figure out is, is stacking neutral or negative for dep and etch intensity? And then I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer : I mean the simple answer is no, SAM still grows under every scheme to build more layers. It translates into different parts. Again, I've talked about this where you kind of picked your battle whether you're trying to build ever taller stacks in one shot or you're trying to build efficient stacking. But simple answer is etch and dep intensity rises in either case. Just perhaps split differently with different applications.
Krish Sankar : And then a follow-up for Doug. Would you be willing to share how much of your service of CSBG revenues is from domestic China or overall China?
Doug Bettinger : Not that I'm willing to share it, Krish, because off the top of my -- I'm not sure I know what the number is. The way to think about it over time is consistent with equipment shipment with a lag, right? And the way we've generally been talking about the business for us from a system standpoint in China is, it's been pretty evenly split between multinational customers and local China. And over time, the CSBG business kind of would get caught up to a similar footprint, if you will, maybe not immediately. But Krish, that's just off the cuff reaction to the question.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya : I was hoping if you could give us some directional view on the China versus non-China and the Foundry/Logic versus memory mix for the December quarter guidance?
Doug Bettinger : You're asking, Vivek, about December specifically?
Vivek Arya : That's right. Just directionally how do you see those mix things trending in December?
Doug Bettinger : Yes. I think China is going to remain strong in December is how I view it right now as we sit here today. And I think the broad-based set of customers in China that I tried to describe will continue to be what it looks like.
Vivek Arya : And on the Foundry/Logic versus memory mix?
Doug Bettinger : Well, the large China foundry customer likely isn't going to get much from us, if anything, unless we get a license in December. So that will probably trend down a little bit in December.
Vivek Arya : Got it. And as my follow-up, I wanted to revisit this DRAM question. I understand DRAM sales are still below their peaks, but they are still back to the levels you had in the second half '18. How are you thinking about your DRAM growth over the next several quarters? What are the signs that you're looking for to say that now we are at a trough, and now we can get back to some normalized trend?
Doug Bettinger : I mean, Vivek, what we look at is we run our own models of bit supply growth and do our best to try to understand inventory that's out there, what the customers are holding, what the customers customers are holding. What's going on with pricing? What's going on profitability? And as we look at all of those things, our view is, right now, the investment levels that are occurring in DRAM are generating supply growth below long-term demand growth. And at some point, that will need to get itself caught up. And we think it's sometime in 2021. I think it sets up to be a pretty decent year for DRAM in 2021 is as much as I can tell you right now. I don't know, Tim, if you want to add anything?
Tim Archer : No. I think also just you referred back to like 2018, and I think that, again, for us, we look and there are -- across all semiconductor segments, I mean, significantly greater drivers and broadening of drivers we're seeing today. And we pointed out a couple of those on previous calls. But just even the difference in DRAM content in the high-end smartphones and the dramatic jump that takes from -- into the 5G phones. And then, of course, we talk about the buildout of data centers and everything else. It's -- there's a demand element to it. There's the supply element. And I think we just see it as a positive into 2021.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari : I had 2 as well. First one, I guess, is very much a follow-up to the last question on DRAM and NAND supply growth exiting the year. Doug, you just talked about your internal model. Youre suggesting that the supply growth exiting the year is below the long-term trend line as you see it. Is there any way you can give kind of quantitative color around that. For DRAM, are you looking at kind of 15% to 20%-ish supply growth exiting the year? In NAND, is it kind of around 30 or below 30%? And I guess related to that, you talked about your expectations for DRAM into 2021 being positive. Any directional guidance you can give on the NAND side?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Toshiya, those numbers you referenced probably are fairly consistent with what I think is the consensus view as well as our own models. So I don't have anything incremental to add there. Your second question, sorry, ask it again.
Toshiya Hari : Yes, directional guidance on NAND into 2021, if any?
Doug Bettinger : My view, I mean NAND is pretty decent right now. And I think it will be pretty decent next year. Again, based on our view of the industry inventory, investment plans, I think it will be a pretty decent year for '21 next year. We're not going to give you numbers on '21 yet. We'll do that in next quarter's earnings. But I think it sets up pretty well.
Toshiya Hari : Got it. And then a quick follow-up. In terms of market share, you guys talked about 4 to 8 percentage points of share growth like kind of your 2023 target at your Analyst Day. If I take the midpoint of your December quarter guidance and make assumptions around your CSBG business, I think your systems business is going to be up close to 25-ish percent in calendar '20, so you're clearly gaining share. What sort of the outlook into next year based on wins that you have already, both on the memory side and logic and foundry side, do you think you can sustain this level of share growth momentum? Or could that accelerate? Could that slow down a little bit? Any color would be great.
Tim Archer : We're certainly going to try. And I think that in our business -- we've described this in many ways, every quarter, we come in and we talk about wins and new applications. And I know it kind of starts to sound like we're a broken record here. But the reality is it takes a couple of years for those wins to start to translate into the numbers that you're starting to see now. And so if you go back and you kind of look at the old transcripts, you'll see us talking about pretty significant momentum that started really in the 2019 time frame. And it's been building through 2020, and that's what you're going to start seeing I think play out. As those wins at those future nodes start to roll in through high-volume manufacturing. I'd make the same caution we're extremely happy with Sense.i momentum right now as it's winning sort of those slots and sockets in future nodes. But I know the timing for those to then become the main driver of revenue and market share growth won't be until those nodes that are in development now and moving into pilot become high-volume nodes. But that's -- so I would say that we look back 2 years to our progress, and that's kind of what we're starting to see, and we look at wins we're making now. And that's our pipeline to hit the 2023, 2024 objectives. And I think we -- as we said, we feel we're on track and almost couldn't feel better about the strength of the product portfolio and the pipeline right now.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore : I wonder if we could get some additional color on the restrictions in China. When exactly did they kind of go into place. And just so I understand for modification if it happens again, what happens to product that's being installed on-site to product that's shipped on the way there that stuff fits in backlog? Are you still able to ship against that?
Doug Bettinger : Maybe I'll make a couple of comments. And then Tim, you can add on. I mean the incremental I think that came out was really an application of a rule that was previously out there around military end use that basically said, if youre enabling that, one of our customers is, you need a license. And so what ended up happening is, I guess, guidance, if you will, from the Department of Commerce that you need the license to ship to at least 1 customer, the foundry customer in China. I mean, that's really the only thing that was new, Joe. And so we're applying for license is basically what's going on. I don't know how long it's going to take to find out whether those license will be granted or won't. We're kind of in sort of uncharted territory, and we're waiting to see how it plays out. So timing, I don't know that I can help you much with. 
Joe Moore: Okay. And then in terms of the backlog and anything that might be assembled on site.
Doug Bettinger: Generally speaking, when these rules come out, you get a little bit of a lead time, so you can adjust whatever is like in the very near term going on. But it's hard to know, quite honestly. So at this point, we are complying with all regulations that are out there relative to this 1 customer, which means we're delaying the shipment plan for the December quarter, basically its what's going on until we know more.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis : I was just going to -- love a little more color on just the trailing edge strength. How much of a trigger that was. Obviously, we've heard about tightness and clearly seeing a rebound, but a lot of these end markets are kind of still down a bit. Kind of just your perspective, is the different mix, particularly in markets with higher content. And kind of just perspective, is this just a little bit of a catch-up? Or is it a more sustainable trend?
Tim Archer : No. I think this -- I mean, at least from our view, I mean, I mentioned it was another record quarter for our business group that satisfies that demand. We've just seen tightness in this market and kind of a broadening of those activities quarter-by-quarter. So -- and if you go back and look, we've reported record quarters now for quite a number of [quarters]. So I think it's just tightness. It's difficult. In fact, we just had a very strangely, but a new product release, where we talked about we're leasing a product now for 200-millimeter photoresist strip. And so I think you can get a sense from that where we're going back and basically refreshing 200-millimeter products that the demand is out there, and it cannot be solved or served just by refurbishment of the existing base. It's -- the requirement is actually expanding beyond that.
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Blayne, I mean, I know you know this market really well. I kind of think of the analogy IoT edge kind of devices that are out there, you know what's going on there. I mean, that's really what's going on with this part of our business as well. Back at our Investor Day in March, we suggested that we think WFE in this space quickly grow 2 times to 3 times faster than WFE broadly. And that's what's going on.
Blayne Curtis : Got you. And then maybe as a follow-up, you mentioned that WFE would grow next year. You're not giving the specific guidance. You mentioned memory up, I didn't hear you say foundry. So I guess I'm just curious, obviously, you don't know what's going to go on with SMIC and licenses in China in general. But just kind of curious, with the strength of the trailing edge, is foundry going to be up next year as well, kind of the factors there?
Doug Bettinger : Yes, Blayne, our normal practice at this point in the year is not to give specific numeric, here's what next year looks like. We'll do that a quarter from now. We're giving you a little bit of color that we think it's going to be a good year next year, but it's too soon for us to quantify. We just -- our practice is to wait until the December quarter earnings to give you that. And we will give it to you then.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik : Doug, you have talked about a $10 billion domestic China WFE number in the past, and is that still the right number within the mid-50s WFE for the market?
Doug Bettinger : Yes. Our view is still mid-high 50s from a WFE standpoint, in China, roughly $10 billion, plus or minus a little bit. We're 3 quarters of the way through the year. So if the 1 customer that everybody is thinking about right now isn't able to spend in the fourth quarter, we're still in that range.
Atif Malik : Okay. And as a follow-up, has the backlog normalized due to COVID-19 impact in the March quarter and now fully reflected in your Q4 revenue guide? Or you still have some carryover?
Doug Bettinger : No, Atif, we're pretty much caught up at this point.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho : My first question is going back to China, given the strength you've seen last quarter, are there any risk of customers pulling in purchases? I think you addressed the spare part side earlier. But the question is not just from the 1 foundry customer, but also maybe other customers on the memory side as well.
Tim Archer : Well, I guess you addressed it, is there a risk? Do you mean backward-looking risk in the September, the risk that pulling occurred? I think Doug kind of answered that, which is we really haven't seen or felt anything that feels out of the ordinary relative to the growth plans for these customers. Going forward, I think, again, in many ways, you see us guiding to yet another record for the company. And I don't think that we'll be -- I don't think that any of that right now factors in what we would, again, think is abnormal pull-in activity.
Sidney Ho : Okay. I think you guys were talking about spare parts earlier, but I guess the system -- new system itself
Doug Bettinger : So I mean, no, we're 
Tim Archer : I think the question maybe was about spare parts, but it's really more of -- I think it's a broader statement.
Doug Bettinger : Yes. I agree.
Sidney Ho : Okay. Maybe my follow-up question is on Intel. I think last quarter, you guys pretty much said this, there's no impact. It doesn't matter who makes the chips. But on the memory side, now that Intel sold the business -- NAND business to Hynix, given that they have very different architecture, do you think there will be a net impact for you guys going forward?
Doug Bettinger : Well, hard to know. That's a pretty recent announcement, and it would be a little bit of speculation. I mean, Sidney, long-term, the way I think about this is, at the end of the day, demand is what matters, right? Our customers are putting wafer capacity in place to supply demand. And things can get pulled in, pushed out a little bit on the margin. But at the end of the day, when I think about where I think the industry heads, supply and demand have to be in relative equilibrium, over the medium or longer term. And whether that means we have 5 customers in NAND or 3, it largely doesn't matter. They're going to invest to satisfy demand in my mind.
Tim Archer : Yes. And the -- question was, is it all targeted towards that strength. I mean, we basically have talked, I think in the past. We're strong across all flavors of 3D NAND.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe Quatrochi : On the NAND, I was curious, within your bit supply growth model or expectations, how do you think about the growth from no transitions or technology transitions in terms of, if bit demand is closer to 30% next year and versus kind of a long-term of high 30%, do you think the installed base needs to grow to support that?
Doug Bettinger : In any given year, Joe, when we look at it, there's always a blend of both. It's always in the best interest of the customer to do the node conversions first because it's a very cost-effective way to do it. And then generally, that means you lose wafer capacity and it needs to get topped up a little bit. In any 1 year, the mix is different 1 year to the next but it's always a blend.
Joe Quatrochi : Okay. That's helpful. And then just -- I thought your comments in the prepared remarks around support engagements being a remote. That was interesting, obviously, with COVID. And so I was curious, how do you see that trending over the next few years. And maybe what percentage of engagements are remote now? And maybe how do we think about the cost savings potential there?
Tim Archer : Yes. It's -- well, I guess what I would say is we featured the Equipment Intelligence solutions. You imagine if we're launching Sense.i designed around Equipment Intelligence, we started that activity long before COVID was ever even something we could imagine. So we feel very fortunate now that we're driving that aggressively. And it really is designed to do things that remove the need for people to be physically located at the tool in order to troubleshoot and repair the tools. And so we have seen -- I mentioned a 6x increase in remote support engagements year-over-year. A lot of that is because our engagement with customers, there's kind of like not many other choices at this point to bring the kind of expertise you need to the tool. And I think that what -- just as we're seeing with work from home and other things, a lot of that will remain structural. It is -- it does save money for the customers by allowing us to repair the tools and get them back into production more quickly. And it saves money for Lam because we don't have to deploy as many people flying all over the world trying to service these tools. So I think a lot of that, I hope and I believe, will be structural and long lasting.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Perfect. We'll go ahead and take our last question from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Weston Twigg : Quick 2 questions. First, advanced packaging, you talked about it in the opening remarks. Can you help quantify what that is as a percent of systems revenue? Or sort of how relevant it is to the overall top line?
Doug Bettinger : You know, Wes, right now, it's small, but with nice growth trajectory. And we're excited about what the future looks like. It's not huge right now. But when you listen to the industry and our customers talk about it over time, it's clearly part of their road map to drive Moore's Law forward. So we're excited about it. It's not huge now. We hope it will be over time.
Tim Archer : I think, though, it also is -- Wes, maybe you've been around a long time. So you recognize the SABRE name point. And the point there is, in many cases, these are -- I mentioned this is about leveraging a lot of the expertise we've already built for other applications into new areas where we can gain high share. And it doesn't require in those cases for those markets to be quite so big to start to have an impact. So SABRE 3D, very, very strong position, very long track record. A lot of that R&D already kind of being done for larger markets; Syndion, same thing in terms of very high, very strong market position. And then, as Doug pointed out, what we're really trying to say, we have those positions, and we actually see the market coming to us as more of these integration schemes continue to go 3D. So we highlighted it just as it's one other example of 3D helping drive incremental growth for the company.
Weston Twigg : I see. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then the other question I had was just the U.S., it was remarkably low in terms of revenue contribution last quarter. I was wondering if you could offer any commentary on that, if that's a trend that you see or it's just an abnormally low quarter?
Doug Bettinger : There's not a lot of fabs in the U.S. taking equipment. I mean that's what's going on. I mean this is a [shift key] statement. And most of our customers' fabs are outside the United States, Wes, you know that.
Weston Twigg : Yes. I guess, it had dropped a lot quarter-over-quarter as well. So it seems like the investment is declining. And I don't know if that's a sustainable trend and it could be, but that's the commentary I was looking for.
Doug Bettinger : No. It's just -- you know how this works. Equipment can be lumpy to any one fab that come one quarter and then it needs to ramp. And it's lumpiness, but you know the fabs are in the U.S., and that's what's going on. It's just timing.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to today's speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Tina Correia : No more closing remarks. Thank you, everyone, for joining today. We appreciate it.
Operator: Once again, this does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Lam Research's June Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator. Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the June 2020 quarter and our outlook for the September 2020 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 o'clock PM, Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM, Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you, Tina. And welcome, everyone. The global pandemic, volatility in the macroeconomy, ongoing US-China tensions. We are operating this year amid tremendous uncertainty and unprecedented challenges impacting people all over the world. We see technology playing a critical role, keeping people connected, enabling businesses to remain productive and accelerating solutions to the myriad of problems the world is confronting. I am very pleased with how Lam's employees have demonstrated care for each other and our communities and have responded with great effort to support our customers' success. As a result of their outstanding execution, today, we are reporting strong performance for the June period and guiding to another quarter of solid growth. Specific to the COVID-19 pandemic, our teams have demonstrated agility and resolve in establishing safe and effective protocols to perform essential work in our facilities, while also enabling the majority of our employees to remain productive while they continue working remotely. We have ramped and stabilized our supply and production capability after an initial period of disruption, to support revenues greater than $3 billion per quarter. As you have seen from our guidance, we will be nearing record output levels for the company in the September quarter, highlighting the effectiveness of our business continuity plans, our global manufacturing network and our trusted supply chain partners. We will continue to capture learnings to further improve business resilience and better serve our customers in the future, but overall, I am proud of what our employees and partners have accomplished during this challenging period. Before discussing our results for the quarter, I wanted to comment briefly on our review of the new rules regarding sales of semiconductor equipment into China. China remains an important part of the global semiconductor ecosystem and Lam has a solid track record of business in this market. We are closely monitoring and complying with all regulatory directives and based on our assessment we currently see no material, financial or business impact from the new rules. Turning now to the June quarter. Revenue and EPS came in above our expectations. Operating margins improved sequentially and we generated over $800 million in cash from operations. As the September quarter guidance indicates, we see continued positive momentum as we move into the second half of the year. The results also represents sustained progress towards our long-term objectives. As we mentioned earlier, our guidance indicates, we are nearing prior record levels of revenue, but we believe that our opportunity for growth remains robust. Key point supporting our view include, one, memory investments must continue to grow to meet secular demand drivers. Lam's memory mix year-to-date as slightly below 60% of system revenues is well below historic highs. We expect our strong memory position to drive outperformance in share of WFE spent, as NAND and DRAM investment levels increase. Two, our actions to improve our Foundry/Logic SAM and Share are yielding results. With our revenue growth in this segment outpacing Foundry/Logic WFE growth cycle-to-cycle. And three, our customer support business group at 34% of total revenues year-to-date is an increasingly greater contributor to our top line than in the past. Looking at the broader WFE environment, our outlook remains strong. While COVID-19 has created volatility for the semiconductor industry, in a larger sense it is underscored the rapidly growing reliance of individuals and businesses on semiconductors and the products and technologies they enable. For example, we are seeing accelerated growth in Internet video traffic, as video becomes embedded in a broad range of business and consumer activities. This is manifesting currently in work-from-home, e-Learning, telehealth, online gaming and of course, video streaming. Nearly 2/3 of global consumers, cite video as their preferred medium for obtaining information. The demand that this places on data transport, analysis and storage, will continue to rise. Mobile networks are migrating to 5G. Video quality is doubling from 4K to 8K and cloud and enterprise data centers are expanding to support the enhanced data traffic. A 2x resolution improvement in mobile video drives roughly a 70% increase in NAND storage content and newer server architectures are expected to have over 30% more memory channels versus prior generations. Despite the recent downtick in smartphone units, our own assessment of NAND content in smartphones, in calendar year 2020 has trended higher versus our prior baseline due to a greater mix shift towards 5G devices. We are also seeing increased NAND demand related to new product cycles in the game console segment, with some of the new platforms adding up to a terabyte of SSD based storage. Launches of the new game consoles are expected to add low to mid-single-digit percent growth to overall NAND bit demand in 2020. These demand drivers in combination with increasing semiconductor manufacturing complexity create a compelling set up for sustained strength in WFE spending. In 2020, we estimate WFE to be in the mid to high $50 billion, driven by growth in both Memory and Foundry/Logic investment. Although we have seen underlying demand drivers fluctuate due to the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, our current WFE forecast in total is very close to what we expected at the beginning of the year. From a mix perspective, we see memory share of WFE growing in 2020, off a low 2019 level. This trend should continue into 2021. Particularly in DRAM, we believe inventory levels will be lower as we get to the end of 2020. In both NAND and DRAM, we see bit supply growth lower than long-term demand this year and NAND recovery progressing ahead of DRAM. By geography, domestic China customers continue to be a strong source of WFE demand, with expected calendar year 2020 WFE spend in the $10 billion range. Year-on-year growth in China investment is predominantly driven by NAND and foundry segments. Looking more broadly at longer term global WFE spend, we are increasingly confident that the accelerating digitization of the economy, along with the rising complexity of semiconductor manufacturing at each technology migration is establishing a higher base of WFE spending at the $60 billion level. With this outlook. We are focused on delivering on our objectives to drive greater than 50% growth in revenue and more than a doubling of EPS by 2023, 2024 compared to our 2019 results. Key to achieving these goals is to execute on the SAM expansion, market share growth in installed base revenue opportunities, we laid out at our Investor Day in March. On the system side, we continue to see positive momentum across our businesses. The June quarter marked a record for net penetration and defense wins in our Etch business, as measured by three year forward revenue, which is a metric we began tracking internally a few years ago. We achieved key wins in High Aspect Ratio Mask Open and Contact Etch applications in both DRAM and NAND and leveraging unique hardware capabilities for RF Control an edge yield enhancement that we introduced last year. We have further extended our technical leadership in high aspect ratio processes across both conductor and dielectric etch. We also combine these technologies with our hydro patterning system, which is enabled by Lam's equipment intelligence and uses fab data inputs to improve customer yield. With this system, we were able to secure new positions in Quad and EUV patterning for DRAM. In the June quarter, we also made good progress in our effort to disrupt older equipment segments with more innovative, extendable Lam solutions. With our enhanced ALD family of products, we achieved 2 new wins for 3D NAND gap fill applications and a multi-layer application win in Foundry/ Logic. Superior film quality, integration and architecturally enabled productivity were instrumental to our success. In DRAM and Foundry, we are also seeing accelerated adoption of our ALD solutions for critical spacer applications which have traditionally been done using furnaces. Overall, we believe our enhanced ALD solutions are helping to enable the performance and cost road maps our customers need. At the same time, we continue to help customers extract more value from their installed base of Lam equipment. In the June quarter, our customer support revenues grew approximately 8% from the March period and our revenue growth has exceeded installed base unit growth year-to-date. Our Reliant Systems business posted its eighth straight quarter of record revenues, driven primarily by shipments to analog-mixed-signal CIS and microcontroller segments. The challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic have also accelerated the deployment of important new technologies for remote equipment support. By enabling real time in fab access to Lam Service Experts located worldwide, we have reduced installation and troubleshooting time without the need for extensive travel. In addition, increasing adoption of our machine learning based analytics, leveraging big data at customer sites is enabling faster detection and resolution of issues. These advances are the result of investments that as we shared at our Investor Day, are targeted delivering services innovation that create value for our customers and also increases our revenue opportunity per chamber. So to wrap up, Lam delivered a very strong June quarter and we see continued strength ahead. We are seeing positive momentum in our efforts to grow our installed base revenue, expand our served markets and increase our market share. And as a result, we believe we are increasingly well positioned to benefit from the long-term secular growth drivers in the semiconductor industry. Thank you, all for joining and for your support. And I'll now turn it over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Awesome. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I hope all of you and your families have been safe and healthy. Our operation steadily improved throughout the June quarter as we executed well in this COVID-19 environment. We've become increasingly more efficient and effective in our operations, which I think are well reflected in the results from the June quarter. Our revenues came in at $2.8 billion driven by broad based demand. Our customers are investing in leading-edge technologies to service the growth you're seeing in 5G, data centers and product cycle driven demand in the gaming console market. Lam's solid execution is reflected in our revenue result, our gross margin performance, as well as our earnings per share that came in at $4.78. I'd also just point out that our deferred revenue balance is back to a more normal range as compared to the end of the March quarter. From a system segment perspective, the total Memory segment in the June quarter increased to 61% of System revenues from the March quarter level, which was at 56%. We saw increases in NAND spending, which contributed 45% of our system revenue which was up from 40% in the March quarter. Net investments are broad based, focused on 64, 96 and initial 128 layer devices. DRAM spending was consistent across the June and March quarters at 16% and continues to be focused on node transition, primarily conversions to 1y and 1z. The combined memory market remains in a healthy place due to proactive inventory management as well as a prudent investment cadence. In Foundry, demand across diverse end-market applications continues to drive the investment profile. While Foundry as a percentage of our system revenue slightly declined from the March quarter percentage of 31% quarter to the June quarter at 29%, revenue actually increased in dollar terms, coming in at the second highest system revenue level for Foundry in Lam's 40-year history. We continue to be pleased with our trajectory here. And finally, the Logic and other segment contributed the remaining 10% of systems revenue in the June quarter as compared to 13% in March. Term investments continue to be strong in the June quarter, with 34% of our total revenue coming from that region. We're seeing investments from customers in all market segments within China. The majority of the revenue again came from domestic Chinese customers. We continue to expect solid investment levels in this region throughout the calendar year. China is obviously an important market for Lam and we remain confident in the strength of our business there. The June quarter revenue for our Customer Support Business group was a record at $927 million representing an increase of 8% from the March quarter level, and an increase of over 17% from the same quarter a year ago. We're delivering sustainable growth across the components of our customer support group in spare parts, service, upgrades and our refurbished Reliant tool business. Within the June quarter, we executed two significant longer term spares contracts, further improving the recurring nature of the revenue streams in this business and demonstrating further evidence of the trust our customers have in us to continuously deliver value. Gross margin for the June quarter was 46.1%. At the start of the June quarter, driven by uncertainties related to the COVID-19 situation, we saw a potential capacity limitations both from our supply chain partners as well as our own internal production capability. However, as the June quarter progressed, we were able to increase our production efficiency. The resulting expansion in production volumes yielded better effect, better factory performance that enhanced gross margin from our original expectations. In addition, gross margins fluctuate, as you know, based on customer and product mix and in the June quarter, we ended up with a slightly more favorable mix than we anticipated at the start of the quarter. We are seeing higher cost due to COVID in several areas, most notably freight and logistics. We're doing our best to mitigate that headwind by managing other expenses in the factories and in the field. During quarter, operating expense came in at $493 million, slightly higher than the March quarter. We focused our spending in the research and development area, as we address our customers' most critical needs. Roughly two-thirds of our spending remains focused towards R&D. Our incentive compensation expense increased in the prior quarter which is tied to our improved profitability levels. At the same time we've managed expenses elsewhere, most notably travel and they came down throughout the June quarter. Operating income in the June quarter was $795 million and operating margin was 28.5%. It was an increase of 160 basis points from the prior quarter. Our tax rate this quarter was 7.6%. Our rate was low in the June quarter, primarily due to a more favorable mix of geographic income and maybe more importantly a one-time year-end adjustments recorded as we closed our fiscal year. We will have fluctuations in the rate from quarter to quarter. You should continue to expect the ongoing tax rate to be in the low-teens level for your models. Other income and expense increased slightly in the June quarter, coming in at approximately $33 million of expense. Within the June quarter, we were opportunistic with our capital structure. At the end of April, we completed an offering of $2 billion of investment grade bonds with maturities of 10, 30 and 40 years. I was pleased with the demand for our paper, as well as the pricing which came in with coupons of 1.9%, 2.875% and 3.125% respectively. We used $1.25 billion of the debt proceeds to pay down the revolving credit facility that was then outstanding. That facility is now completely paid down. As we discussed in last quarter's call, the cost of our employee deferred compensation plan and the offsetting hedging balances, remain mismatched in the GAAP P&L. You can see these results in the GAAP reconciliation table of our earnings release. Given the volatility in the market in the June quarter, there were large fluctuations between our GAAP expenses in the O line and E lines that the hedge essentially offsets at the net income level. And you should note, the other income and expense balance includes the interest expense of our outstanding debt amounts, obviously, offset by the interest income from our cash and investment balances. You should expect that other income and expense will vary quarter-to-quarter based on several market-related items. Should think about things like foreign exchange. On the capital returns side, we noted in our March quarter earnings call, that we will be pausing our buyback activity during the June quarter, until we had a better line of sight in the business environment. As a result we had only a small amount of share repurchases in the latter part of the June quarter and that together with dividends ended up having us deploy approximately $200 million towards capital return. Long-term capital return of 75% to a 100% of free cash flow remains our plan. Diluted earnings per share, as I said, was $4.78. I mentioned that the one-time benefit from the tax items I referenced was roughly $0.14. Our diluted share balance for the June quarter rounded down to 147 million shares, only a very slight decrease due to the minimal share repurchase activity. The share count includes a dilutive impact of approximately 1 million shares from the 2041 convertible notes. The dilution schedule for the remaining 2041 convertible note is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. Let me now move on to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, increased in the June quarter to $7 billion from $5.6 billion in the March quarter. Cash flows from operations in the quarter were strong at $813 million due to healthy profitability and solid collections during the quarter. Remainder of the increase quarter-over-quarter was related to the debt issuance, offset by the pay down of the revolving credit facility. DSO decreased in the June quarter to 68 days from 80 days in the March quarter demonstrating strong collection performance and the resulting timing of customer payments. Inventory turns were flat with the prior quarter at 3.2 times. We have consciously increased our inventory balance to support the higher revenue level that we see in the September quarter. Non-cash expenses included approximately $50 million for equity compensation, $54 million for depreciation and $17 million for amortization. In quarter capital expenditures were consistent with the prior quarter amount coming in at $51 million. Ending head count as of the June quarter was approximately 11,300 regular full-time employees. This headcount reflects added resources in our factory and field operations, supporting increased volume. As well as additions in research and development to support ongoing critical deliverables, like the new Sense.i Etch platform and the dry resist program that we announced at our Investor Day in March. So now looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the September 2020 quarter. We're expecting revenue of $3,100,000,000, plus or minus $200 million. Gross margin increasing to 46.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating margins of 29.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point and finally, earnings per share of $5.15 plus or minus $0.40 based on a share count of approximately 147 million shares. These ranges remain wider than normal, due to the continuing uncertainty from COVID-19. We are well positioned for the second half of calendar 2020 as we expect continued healthy WFE investments. We see continued strength from Memory and Foundry, for that matter, driven by demand in more strategic technology oriented investments. The customer support business group is also expected to provide continued momentum for the company. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Doug, I guess the first question. You're talking about now WFE being mid to high 50s this year. If I look at Q3 and I look at your guidance and your sort of probably going to gain some WFE share this year, it would sort of assume that we're running maybe in the low 60s in Q3. So, I guess if I assume your full-year forecast and I assume maybe you gain of 100 basis points of WFE share this year, something like that, it would sort of imply that December revenue is well sort of flattish and I'm not asking you to guide December, but I'm just kind of wondering whether you think that, that math holds together where you should gain like a little bit of WFE share this year? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim, you're absolutely right. We're only guiding one quarter at time but and I'm not going to give you a specific answer on December but I will qualitatively say, I think December will continue to be a strong for us. Your math -- I don't look at WFE on a quarterly basis, I'm sure you're doing the math right, but you're also right about the observation on share spend and where memory is trending and all of those things, we're setting up I think for a pretty good second half, Tim.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from CJ Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I guess a question on the memory side of things and where are we in the cycle. I know 30% above the recent trough, but still 40% below the prior peak and investors clearly been focused on this aspect. Would love to hear your view, particularly as it relates to any positive trends you highlighted into calendar ' 21?
Tim Archer: Sure, I'll start C.J. and then let Doug add something if you want to do. Obviously, what we have, we've been saying for quite some time is that memory is a story of one kind of coming off what was a very strong 2018 and a couple of years of then digesting that, but at the same time, there are underlying growth drivers that I think you're seeing everywhere for both NAND and DRAM, that give us greater confidence in what we've stated is long-term bit demand growth in the high 30s for NAND and in the high teens for DRAM. If those are correct and like I said, I gave you a few of the examples of where the big consumers of NAND and DRAM from an application perspective on the horizon, we think that memory investment has to continue to grow for years to come. Yes, obviously at our Investor Day, we laid out a model of a more normalized memory spending level in the context of total $60 billion WFE and in that environment we grow the company quite significantly.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And C.J. maybe I'd just add, I mean more near term tactically relative to what's going on this year. I think NAND is a little bit ahead of DRAM relative to the pace of recovery. When I look at the market both are kind of managing inventory investment -- investing what I described as or tried to with a prudent cadence, that's gotten end up this year and DRAM maybe up a little bit, but not too much. I really do think DRAM will be more 2021 story. So think about that near term and then on top of that as it relates to Lam, I mean we're doing extremely well in Foundry as well. So, factor that in when you think about what's going on with our company.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And if I could follow up on the service side, you grew that business stellar 70% [Phonetic] year-on-year. Was there any catch up there on the deferred side and I guess, thinking through that, how should we think about the potential for sequential growth and into September, December? How do your tools coming off warranty and upgrades look at least based on your build plan today? Whatever you can share. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, C.J. In this part of the business, the deferred stuff we had at the end of March, really wasn't impacting things. The deferred, if you remember what we described at the end of March, had to do with back ordered shipment. That was really all about new equipment. So I don't think there's anything terribly unique going on in CSBG, Tim unless there's something.
Tim Archer: No. I think it's -- again, it's just the efforts as we've said to continue to provide services to grow our revenue opportunity per chamber. And also just our business as you pointed out, as our company continues to grow faster, the installed base grows faster and generates more opportunity.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Tim Archer: I don't think there is anything unique.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thanks, C.J.
Tina Correia: Operator, can we go back to Tim Arcuri for an additional question please.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I thought of as Tim only had one question.
Operator: Yes ma'am, one moment. Your line is open Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you. Thanks for that Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Sorry, Tim. I'm sorry.
Timothy Arcuri: Yes, sure. Sure, no worries. So, the second question, I guess, can you go through a little bit about the, how the whole military end use thing is transpired, it seems like China WFE is a little higher, the domestic stuff is maybe $1 billion to $1 billion higher than you thought it would be and it seems like now all these customers know that there is restrictions looming at some point. So they're going to keep on pulling stuff in. So can you just talk about how the export controls have transpired? Is commerce happy just as long as you do the due diligence with the customer on military end use? Can you just kind of talk about all that? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Sure, I mean, I think Tim, in my comments I talked about our assessment. It was quite an extensive diligence process that we went through which consisted both of our own conversations in questioning of the customers and their certification as well as the use of third party research and also validation by outside counsel and we arrived at our conclusions, as I stated, no material, financial or business impact as a result of all of that work. Now, that is an ongoing activity for us, means that we are continually assessing and doing that kind of research and so that's something that we have committed to but at this point that is our conclusion, if by your question about and connection to domestic China WFE. I don't think that's a connection that we're making and basically we are saying that China has plans to invest and I indicated that a lot of the investment is coming from NAND as well as Foundry and at least in our view right now. We have not made that connection that somehow domestic China WFE is in any way really affected by these rules one way or the other.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim, maybe a comment from me, my sense is, it's not, there is nothing pulled in say no, we may be wouldn't know if it was or wasn't a little bit. But given we've concluded the rules are not impacting our ability to ship. I don't know why anybody would think there should be pulling things in right.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome. Okay, thank you much.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Great job on the business execution and strong results. One of the large logic manufacturers recently talked about the potential of moving to a more outsourced business model. Maybe just a continuation of the industry trend towards a fabulous business model. At a high level, it would appear to be a zero-sum game. But wanted to get your views on the potential ramifications of your business in a structural move in the industry towards a more fab like or fabulous business model.
Tim Archer: Yes, okay. Let me try to take that, Harlan, to start. Obviously, we don't want to comment about the specific plans of any one customer, but to your point of the industry moving to outsource model, I mean, obviously that's a more than 20 year story and I think that anything that allows wafers ultimately to be produced with better technology at lower costs, however, that's done, in-house or outsourced, is what's good for the industry and that's good for Lam. I'm quite certain that as a result of the advances that have happened on the Foundry side, Lam's business has benefited tremendously in the last 20 years and that just comes back to a statement that I've made a number of times, which is the best thing for Lam is that technology nodes continue to migrate. We have greater SAM at every technology node migration across NAND, DRAM and Foundry logic and so every company has to decide for themselves, what's sort of the best answer to advancing technology at the best cost. That can be in-house, can be outsourced. What we care about is whether that technology advances and more wafers get produced and so I think, we obviously watch it and we look at the impact on our business. But ultimately Foundry hasn't been bad for the industry or for Lam.
Harlan Sur: Absolutely.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And Harlan, just one or two comments from me. The way I think about it is what matters to Lam is the number of leading edge wafers in the entire industry that are put in place, whether it's in-source, outsource, largely doesn't matter too much. Either way it needs equipment, right? Independent of where it goes, we're selling largely the same things to the industry.
Harlan Sur: Yes, that's great insights there. Good to see the recovery of the business and the improvement in the supply chain and logistical bottlenecks. Just wondering, Doug, if the team is still, even with this strong September quarter guide, playing catch up on the delinquent backlog as a result of the earlier bottlenecks and if so, how much of that has yet to be worked down?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan. I think we've got nicely caught up. I don't think we're completely caught up as we sit here today, but we made very nice progress during the quarter.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the results. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Doug, just maybe a follow on to Harlan's question, it sounds like COVID was still a cost headwind in the June quarter. I'm wondering if you can help us quantify that and as you look out into September with the guide how much sort of COVID logistical expense is still in there and when do you think you might be able to take that out of the model?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, John. The biggest individual item, when I look at it is freight and logistics. I mean freight lanes are more restricted than they were obviously pre-COVID. Things are more expensive. Really tough to mitigate that. I mean, to a certain extent, you take the price, you do your best negotiate it, but you're somewhat of a price-taker there. That doesn't mean we're not, as I tried to describe working to drive efficiency, effectiveness elsewhere in the operation. That's what Lam is extremely good at doing and we're doing that, but that is where the challenges are right now. I'm not going to quantify it, John. But it is impacting gross margin to a certain extent. I don't know, Tim, if you want to add anything.
Tim Archer: No. The only thing I'd add is; obviously, Doug pointed out some near term headwinds on the cost side. You know fully, we would expect those to eventually roll back as things normalize post COVID. But I mentioned this point of the acceleration of remote support technologies. And I think that's -- while we haven't fully quantified kind of what the benefit could be, clearly some of the benefits of less travel and more productivity of kind of worldwide engineers who can now connect into fabs and provide expertise via some new technologies, that actually will be likely a cost and kind of personnel benefit for us, so in -- down in the future. And so we're investing in that and I think it's a positive headwind just further -- positive tailwind just up further down the road.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, Tim, you guys covered a lot of ground at the Analyst Day earlier this year, but you couldn't cover everything. I'm kind of curious if you can kind of spend a few minutes talking about your positioning in advanced packaging, because clearly, there's not a lot of volume in sort of chiplets today, but as you look at Intel moving to their second generation 10 nanometer part sometime in the second half of next year, it seems like the tiles last chiplet strategy is really poised to accelerate starting in the back half of next year and going forward. And I know you guys have some good leverage there, but I'm just trying to get a sense of quantifying and how big do you think that market opportunity is.
Tim Archer: Sure. I don't know if I'm -- I don't know if we're prepared quite to quantify it for you on this call, but what I can tell you, is it kind of follows on from my earlier comment about customers and just the industry in general looks for the best way to achieve the performance that's required at the lowest cost. And sometimes that's by looking at total system performance and these advanced packaging 3D chiplets, these sorts of technologies, actually are one way to deliver system performance without having to necessarily utilize the most advanced node chips for every application. And our position has been very strong. We've been -- we were an early investor there. We have leading positions on both the etch and depth side in TSV applications and we think that we're extremely well positioned when that comes. And so, every time we hear about acceleration, we're actually quite encouraged. But it's something that our high aspect ratio etching processes and our ability, I think most people recognize our leadership for 20 plus years in copper electroplating fill. Those are critical technologies for these 3D packaged and heterogeneous integration applications.
John Pitzer: Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Tim Archer: Thanks, again. Yes, thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Tim, I had a question on memory. Clearly memory, WFE is the underspending right now and your revenue has a lot of potential upside. If I look at the last cyclical peak which was in March 2018, if you are able to get back to those kind of WFE levels for memory, how will Lam's revenue profile look like in memory, given that you gain some shares? Is there a way to quantify it, to see how much higher, you could be versus the last cyclical peak? And then I had a follow-up.
Tim Archer: I think Doug's signaling, I can't quantify that. Of course, we have quantified it and that's why my comment was, we believe our opportunity. We knew there'd be this peak question but my comment was, regardless of the fact that our revenues are approaching the last time and therefore the peak question starts to come up, the setup is quite different and in fact, that's why we pointed out, our memory mix today is a much lower. WFE is not back there and so I guess probably you can do the -- do it just as easily as we can. But there is still significant upside as memory growth continues not only to return to prior levels, but also to continue to grow to meet all of these new application drivers that we've talked about.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Krish. Obviously, when we put a financial model out, not all that long ago in March, we comprehended some aspect of memory being at a higher investment level. CSPG growing. Our strength in foundry continuing to grow. So you have the data points.
Tim Archer: It's kind of all in there.
Doug Bettinger: It's all in there.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. No worries. And then I have a question on your ALD traction. I'm just curious like when you look at the ALD, like clearly that market is going to continue growing. You guys are like a number two player in that, I would probably say. How much of the -- how much of the growth in ALD is actually driven by technology versus the fact that productivity for ALD tools is still pretty low? Which is driving the bigger upside in ALD?
Tim Archer: Well, all of these new adoptions that I keep talking about, these are, these are LAM's efforts to expand the application base for ALD and which means it's a technology-driven decision. But usually what has -- I mean, in the past, what has held back ALD from adoption in many of these cases was, it's great technology, but the productivity wasn't -- it wasn't affordable to put in at a certain nodes. So people pushed it out. What we've done is, we've married both an expanding film set, more applications with, as I said, architecturally enabled productivity and we're getting a lot of traction across a number of different applications. I talked about 3D NAND gap fill, talked about a multilayer application in Foundry/Logic that's a different material, talked about critical spacers and so it's just we've broadened I think the target market for ALD and we're seeing good traction.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Tim. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Krish. Yes.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks very much for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. Doug, you mentioned that for 2020 domestic China, you guys are expecting about $10 billion in spend. Curious, what's the rough split between memory versus logic and foundry? And on the memory side, I feel like both you and the broader industry is currently in a sweet spot where your customers are spending, but they're not really contributing to supply. At what point would you expect them to start to really move the needle on supply and as a result of capital intensity come down in local China? And then i have a follow-up. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, no problem, Toshiya. We haven't quantified what is in which segment in China but I forget if Tim said or if I said it in the script, it kind of blurs in my mind sometimes, we said its broad-based in China, in all segments. So it isn't just one, it's a broad set of customers that are investing. So, think of it that way, it's not one or the other. And you're right and I wouldn't characterize China's inefficient in the investment, it's just when customers are investing for the first time or are relatively new to investing in capacity, you got to buy it. Then you have to ramp it and it takes time for that to happen. It's not unique to any one geography or any one customer that is really what's going on and over time customers get more efficient as they ramp things. That's how I think about it, Tim. I don't know
Tim Archer: Yes, no, as you suggest in the earlier question, I think thinking about the model we've put out just back at Investor Day, I think by the time you get to the 2023-2024 timeframe, we've comprehended that those additions in China are effectively the same as additions elsewhere in the world. So we don't think there is some extra inefficient spending in that case that's driving numbers higher for Lam. So I think if you just look back at that model that's a relatively efficient spend across all segments in 2023-2024.
Toshiya Hari: Got it, thank you for that. And then as a quick follow-up. Doug, in your prepared remarks, you talked about winning two service contracts in the quarter, I believe I wasn't sure if you meant to highlight it as a meaningful dynamic here but did those contracts at all drive incremental growth going forward, or does it change how we should be thinking about quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year volatility and your installed base business or profitability going forward? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: No, not really, Toshiya. I mean I just mentioned it because one, they were a little bit longer term and two, they were bigger than perhaps typical and to me is very much part of how we run this business. It's the customer has faith and confidence in your ability to deliver and provide value, it is consistent with what we expect that business to do and it has done in the past. I just mentioned it because it was notable when we looking at the results this quarter.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Toshiya.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question and a great result. Just kind of curious. from a high level, the wafer front-end, you're keeping the same amount in your catching up to. I'm just kind of curious as you look at it, the way the year shaking out. I think there's a lot of doubts whether you hit that number, is it the same contribution and then any comments on the strength in the second half by geography would be helpful?
Doug Bettinger: Blayne, are you asking about WFE? Was that your question? Just wanted understand.
Blayne Curtis: I'm curious as you're still seeing the same WFE forecast for the year and kind of curious...
Doug Bettinger: Yes.
Blayne Curtis: Is it contribution as we thought starting the year and then any comments on geography, particularly into the back of the calendar year? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I think Tim specifically mentioned in his script there's puts and takes in here, right. It's ended up at the same level. I would suggest to you that more consumer-oriented stuff is a little bit weaker, smartphones, as an example, smartphone units aren't the same as we thought at the beginning of the year that is creating a little bit of a downtick but that's offset by other things going on in hyperscale cloud consumption of silicon, work-from-home type things and net-net, one is up a little bit once down a little bit. We're in the same place that we began the year.
Blayne Curtis: And then, just -- I was just curious from a geographic perspective, if you had any color into the growth into September?
Doug Bettinger: No, we never forecast the GOPs. I wouldn't expect it to be wildly different than what you've seen over the last couple of quarters or so from a directional standpoint.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Blayne.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I'm curious about WFE growth outside of China, because when I look at your first half ex-China sales are down in the last fiscal year. So when do we see -- why are we seeing these trends, I understand this is probably a very short frame, timeframe for looking at these trends, but I'm just curious, qualitatively, why are we not seeing the same kind of WFE growth outside of China, because I imagine everyone is exposed to the same growth drivers?
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, I mean obviously the majority of WFE spending is outside of China. 2/3 of it is outside of China. Right. And so you're seeing the contribution of WFE across every geography, right. It's more about what's going on in the end markets. That's how you should be thinking about it right. Foundry is strong this year, NAND up from last year, DRAM maybe up a little bit, but to a large extent that's geographically independent.
Vivek Arya: No. I guess my question is that when I look at last year WFE was I think 50- 51, this year you're guiding it up $5 billion to $7 billion, but a big part of that growth is coming from China. Right. The incremental growth is coming from China. So I'm just curious why we are not seeing WFE spending outside of China at that same pace or is that just something we will see next year perhaps?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. No, you are -- I mean there three to four probably incremental in China and the rest of it is outside of China. Vivek?
Vivek Arya: Okay. As a follow-up, CSBG, thanks for providing that info. So it grew I think about 7% or so last fiscal year. I'm curious what it -- how much it grew the prior fiscal year and what part of that, should we think of that as kind of recurring and this is such an important part of your business that I'm always very curious about how to correlate this to your growth in chambers. Is this correlated to your chamber growth from two years ago or three years ago? Just how should we take this 7% number, and I don't know how to forecast your CSBG business. I guess that's really what I'm trying to ask.
Doug Bettinger: If you're thinking about forecasting, we gave you data points at the Investor Day, which was Pat Lord, who manages this business for us suggested that by 2023-24, it will have grown 40%. So there is your data point for how to forecast it. Chamber count is critically important but Pat and Tim talked about, it's not just chambers, it's dollar per chamber growing from, I think we, I forget what year we indexed it back to 2013, maybe...
Tim Archer: 2013.
Doug Bettinger: It was one point. Yes, it was 1.0 then it had gone to 1.5 and we had objectives to continue growing it to 1.7, which was what was baked in the model. So that's how you should think about it. Chamber count is important. We're also driving some of the innovative service offerings like Tim talked with remote diagnostic on equipment and things, to try to add more value for the customers and get paid for it.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Just as a follow-up to the prior question, how should we model the customer support over the next few quarters? Should we just track the memory investment you highlighted as doing better than foundry or would it be more in line with the overall revenue trend line that you described earlier?
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that again it's -- the beauty of the CSBG business is, it probably -- it doesn't change on the time scale that you're talking about here relative to any particular quarter's change in shipments. I don't think you're going to see that and we have an installed base in excess of 60,000 chambers. And we're driving revenue in our CSBG business off of tools that were shipped 20 plus years ago and there is upgrade cycles in their service contracts that Doug talked about, there's consumable parts. And so I don't think you're going to see that. But as I said, that's the beauty of this. This is the, let's say, it's a stabilizing function for the company's revenue, and that's why we're investing heavily in this and it delivers value for the customers in reuse of and extension of installed tools.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. I believe this is the first quarter that you're actually breaking this out and I was just trying to better understand whether the Customer Support Business Group would grow faster with memory or with foundry or with a bit of same for different end markets.
Tim Archer: Yes, I can -- okay. Well, I think it's the second quarter that we've actually put out the data. But I think the couple of pieces of information to think about. One is, we've said that the business will grow every year and that's simply because again the installed base is growing every year and again we're investing to try to create more services, value-added services and products for that installed base. We haven't really made a comment about, does it grow every quarter. I mean, because it's -- again it's --you can be influenced by certain service contracts, certain upgrade decisions that customers make in any given quarter, but year-to-year, you can think about it growing every year. It maybe a little bit less about segments. I've talked in the past about critical applications and Lam's focus on critical applications and the importance of that. I mean, one, they are sticky, but two, they actually tend to drive more parts and service requirements because the customers have to keep those systems at absolute top performance because they're performing the most difficult applications in the customers' fab. And so you tend to see a little bit more pull-through on the CSBG business for the critical applications where Lam is extremely strong. And so maybe that's -- yes, maybe it's a little less by device type but more by the application requirements. And also critical applications tend to drive a more frequent upgrade cycle as the customers need to keep the installed base kind of performing for that latest technology node.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
JoeMoore: Great, thank you. I know you guys said you had --you were working your way through the supply challenges but I wonder if you could help us kind of with what the quarterly revenue progression might have looked like if you hadn't had those. You had said in March, to get about $300 million of revenue deferred by the supply challenges. Should we view June as kind of having caught up to that and then this surge in September is more shipping directed demand or just what would that have looked like if you hadn't had the supply challenges that you had?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Joe. I didn't quantify that. I'd say we've got nicely caught up. I also said we're not completely caught up at the end of the June quarter and that's as much as I think we're going to give you right now. We're driving efficiencies. We're getting much better. I think, Tim and I are pretty happy with how the supply chain is performing.
Joe Moore: All right. Great, thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes, thanks for taking the question and congrats on the results from me as well. I think you mentioned that your capacity from a manufacturing perspective is over $3 billion per quarter now with all the issues with the supply chain. Is there a scenario over the next few quarters where you see potentially demand outstripping what you can deliver?
Tim Archer: Well, we have a global manufacturing factory network that we're highly confident in, I think it's unlikely that that's the scenario. I didn't want --I did not give you a maximum output for our factory network. I was only wanting to indicate that clearly we were supply constrained in the last quarter, was one of the reasons why we were unable to provide our normal guidance. Now with capability beyond $3 billion, we're confident in our September quarter and we're confident that over time, we'll continue to ramp that higher and higher. So it was -- we're not going to divulge our exact manufacturing capacity, but I'm quite certain we can continue to meet higher demand.
Joe Quatrochi: That's helpful. And then just...
Doug Bettinger: Go ahead, Joe.
Joe Quatrochi: Just a quick one on capital return. Should we think about your comments of reiterating your long-term target model for 75% to 100% of free cash flow is kind of indicative that we should start to see maybe some more -- or maybe at a re-accelerations on the share repo in the current quarter and into the end of the year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, probably, Joe. I mean, we said last quarter, we were pausing in -- we actually came back into the market a little bit before the end of the quarter. So we're back, looking at things and I've always said it's opportunistic in terms of how we do what we do and we'll continue to be opportunistic.
Joe Quatrochi: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Tina Correia: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. The next question will come from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Weston Twigg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to dig into the operating costs a little bit. Just understanding that people aren't really traveling right now, you're probably saving some money, you mentioned some tailwinds around remote servicing. But should we expect operating cost to ramp up meaningfully in 2021 assuming there is some sort of post-pandemic return to kind of a normal level of business and travel and marketing? And I kind of noticed that you added some head count as well. So I would assume that that would roll in and I don't know if that continues through next year. But just kind of wondering how next year works from an operating cost standpoint?
Doug Bettinger: Weston, I'm not going to give you a forecast for next year yet. I think there'll be plus or minuses assuming we get back to normal, we get a vaccine, the therapeutic regimen, what have you. I think we're going to learn from how we're operating right now and be better over time. I mean that's what Lam is really very good at. Looking at an opportunity, getting better and systematically doing it that way. I think we will do that. And yes, if we get back to normal travel, come back a little bit. I don't think it would come back -- comes back to where it was, but again, we'll keep managing the P&L in the right way.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think the only thing I'd add is at the same time, we've, obviously, I think we have a great track record of managing OpEx and you can kind of look at the results to support that. But we are investing in our 2023, 2024 plans. I mean, you've seen some of our announcements recently. The construction of a technology center in Korea, obviously there's expenses associated with that. It's a strategic investment to expand our R&D capabilities, put it closer to some of our largest customers. We are building a new manufacturing facility in Malaysia, which again is going to expand our global manufacturing network, provide additional business resilience, help take some cost out of manufacturing structure. So, there are some near-term investments that we're confident in our long-term plan. And so we are pushing those through even right now. And we are seeing some of that reflected in our expenses as well, so, maybe that's offsetting a little bit some of the savings that that Doug talked about. But I wanted to get into the product and R&D, we continue to push more into R&D because we think it's the long-term growth engine of the company and we are really confident in our product pipeline and new products coming out.
Weston Twigg: Okay, that's very helpful context. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Wes. Okay, operator -- yes.
Tina Correia: Thank you all for joining today, we appreciate it. And stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research's March Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the March 2020 quarter and our outlook for the June 2020 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 o'clock PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 o'clock PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be made available later this afternoon on our website. With that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Great. Thank you, Tina, and welcome everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well in these very challenging times. Against the evolving backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic, Lam delivered solid financial results in the March quarter. I want to start by discussing how we are managing through the current environment. The impact from the globally-spreading virus began to materialize in our manufacturing and supply chain operations in the latter part of the March quarter as shelter-in-place orders went into effect across many regions. We've responded effectively to these disruptions and while near-term predictability remains more difficult than usual, I am pleased to say that our essential manufacturing facilities and labs are operating, allowing us to focus on critical customer deliverables. I'm very grateful to our Lam employees and partners around the world, who with tremendous commitment and dedication, have risen to meet extraordinary challenges. Our focus at this time is concentrated in three key areas. First, our top priority remains the health and safety of our employees, our partners and their families. From the start, we have actively sought the best available guidance to formulate our response plans and we are complying with all public health directives in the locations in which we operate. All employees that can execute their roles remotely are doing so. And through our expansion of our IT infrastructure capabilities, we have maintained a productive remote work cadence. To protect our employees that are working on-site at Lam locations, we have implemented rigorous safety practices, including on-site temperature monitoring, mandatory use of personal protective equipment and strict social distancing protocols. Second, we are executing our business continuity plans throughout our manufacturing and supply chain network. Our capabilities are still limited compared to normal operation, but as the pandemic has impacted different parts of the world at different times and to different degrees, we and our supply chain partners are successfully leveraging our global footprint to support our customers' most critical priorities. Past investments we have made to complement US production capability with operations in Korea and Taiwan have proven valuable as both of those countries have reported earlier stabilization of local COVID-19 conditions. Similarly, we have worked closely with our suppliers on their challenges in specific regions and we are beginning to see signs of improving material availability. Third, we are focused on increasing the capability and expertise of our regional field teams to meet our customers' ongoing installed base needs, including installation of newly-shipped systems. We anticipate the cross-region travel will be discouraged for at least the near future and therefore we are working closely with customers to significantly enhance remote support capabilities using advanced data collection and information sharing technologies. Overall, I am extremely pleased with how our teams have executed to mitigate the impact of this global pandemic on our employees, our customers and our business. I also recognize that we are very fortunate in this difficult time to be able to give back to our employees and the communities that have helped us build our strong company. In early April, we announced the creation of a $25 million relief fund to provide direct and immediate assistance to employees and others around us most impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. I'm happy to say that in only three weeks, more than half of our committed relief funds have already been deployed to help people affected by this crisis. I'll now transition to our results and the broader industry environment. In the March quarter, we delivered revenue of $2.5 billion and earnings per share of $3.98. Both results were below our original guidance, which we withdrew late in the quarter as we saw production and supply constraints emerge due to shelter-in-place orders. Customer demand in the quarter was unchanged from our original view. We believe that our revenue in the near term will be determined primarily by the capacity of our global manufacturing and supply chain network as social distancing restrictions are expected to continue for the next several months in locations in which we and our suppliers operate. While we are currently seeing improvements in both our own operations and those of our suppliers, risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 crisis remain. Consequently, we will not be providing our usual financial guidance for the June quarter. Doug and I will however provide our best assessment of the environment in our comments and Q&A. From our perspective, customer demand for equipment continues to remain very strong in the first half of 2020. We believe that WFE spending is largely being driven by customers investing in strategic initiatives, including both foundry and memory technology transitions that will be critical to both capability and competitiveness when global markets eventually emerge from the effects of the pandemic. The equipment industry is currently supply constrained. We exited the March quarter with record backlog and would expect to fulfill this unmet demand over the coming months. Looking beyond the near-term impact, we remain strong believers in the underlying fundamentals and resiliency of the semiconductor industry. Semiconductors have become so embedded into nearly every industry, so we expect broad portfolio semiconductor equipment companies such as Lam to see offsetting areas of strength and weakness to help support results. This was our experience through the trough of the recent industry cycle where we saw increased foundry and logic spending offset memory weakness. Despite a 40% decline in memory spending in calendar year 2019, our revenues held up well compared to prior cycles. As we assess the potential future impact of COVID-19 on our business, recent customer commentary points to cloud and enterprise strength as an offset at least in part to the weakness that may be seen in more consumer-oriented end markets like smartphones and auto. The need for equipment and capacity to support work from home initiatives is causing cloud service providers to increase CapEx, creating the potential for a surge in server demand. Third-party estimates suggest that cloud capacity would need to increase 10-fold to service the peak workloads seen as shelter-in-place rules went into effect. Although these heightened workloads are likely a short-term phenomenon, this event will underscore the need for companies to invest more in infrastructure and business continuity capabilities as the daily economy and our dependence on technology continues to expand over time. The PC and server markets account for nearly half of DRAM and NAND bit demand on average. And when you also consider that memory customers under-invested in capacity additions in 2019 causing the industry to exit the year with supply growth well below long-term demand, we believe there is good reason to be confident in the healthy fundamentals of the memory market, near-term uncertainty notwithstanding. Longer term, our focus is on executing the strategy we outlined at our Investor Day event in March. Our growing installed base business serves as a strong and stable foundation for Company performance. And as we committed, we have started disclosing our Customer Support Business Group or CSBG revenue this quarter. Doug will cover this in more detail, but I wanted to highlight that in the March quarter, our installed base revenues grew faster than installed base unit growth, consistent with our objective to increase revenue capture per tool with additional value added service offerings. Within CSBG, we also continue to see strong activity in our Reliant business, which grew for the 7th consecutive quarter and reached yet another record level. At this point, we see our CSBG business poised for another growth year in calendar 2020. From a share gain perspective, we are executing well on both penetrations and defenses so far this year. In etch, we've seen wins across all segments, DRAM, NAND, and foundry and logic. At our Investor Day event, we launched our innovative new Sense.i etch platform targeted at both widening our lead in critical applications and strengthening our competitiveness in the semi-critical space. COVID-19 related manufacturing and supply chain disruptions have set our schedule backed by a month or two from our original plan, but customer pull for Sense.i has strengthened since launch. Sense.i was designed to deliver advanced equipment intelligence, data analysis and self-maintenance capabilities to minimize required on-site human intervention with the system. Customers have a heightened awareness of the value these advanced capabilities can deliver and we expect they will look to accelerate their adoption of smart fab technologies. Sense-i is well positioned to deliver both the technology and data collection capabilities our customers need to be successful. In deposition, we're focused on served available market expansion opportunities that we believe can be accessed by accelerating conversions from older process technologies to our highly-productive enhanced atomic layer deposition or ALD solution set. We continued to execute on these opportunities in the March quarter with additional ALD metallization wins for advanced logic nodes and new dielectric gap fill penetrations in 3D NAND. In both cases, we displaced older process technologies from our competitors with a more extendable Lam solution. Overall, we are confident in the strength of Lam's position in the market and our opportunities for growth when the current crisis subsides. So to wrap up, the Company is executing well during a very difficult time. Our global teams are working tirelessly to mitigate operational impacts from COVID-19, and while near-term visibility is low, we believe that long-term secular demand for semiconductors will continue to drive sustainable WFE growth across cycles. Thank you all again for joining, and for your support. I'll now turn it over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today in what I know is a challenging time for all of us. I hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy. As you're aware, given the uncertainties with business disruptions around the world related to COVID-19, we withdrew our March guidance on March 17. Despite the operational challenges, we delivered solid results in the March quarter. Our revenues for the quarter came in at $2.5 billion, down $80 million from the December quarter. The decrease was entirely due to production interruptions. Customer demand remained strong through the quarter. I'd point out that we're exiting the March quarter with the strong level of deferred revenue at $726 million. This was partly due to shipments that occurred at the end of the quarter that had backordered materials. From an earnings per share perspective, the March quarter came in at $3.98, which was driven by strong gross margin performance, focused expense management as well as a favorable tax rate. From a system segment perspective, as expected, memory investments increased in the March quarter. The combined memory segment increased to 56% of system revenues, rising from the December quarter at 52%. We saw increases in NAND spending with investments focused on 64, 96 and initial 128-layer devices. DRAM spending continues to be focused on node transitions primarily on conversions to 1y and 1z. NAND was the majority of memory investments at 40% of systems revenue, with DRAM coming in at 16%. Foundry revenue strength continued with customer investments there focused on 7 and 5-nanometer. As a percent of system revenue, foundry represented 31% of systems revenue as compared to 36% in the December quarter. December quarter was the all-time high systems revenue level for our foundry business. March was the second highest. The logic and other segment was fairly flat in both dollar and percent concentration quarter-to-quarter, coming in at 13% of system revenue. Logic spending is driven by 10 nanometer image sensors and other specialty markets. The China region continues to invest and came in at 32% of total revenues for the March quarter. The majority of the China revenue again came from domestic Chinese customers. Also as Tim noted, our Customer Support Business Group revenue continued to grow in the March quarter. This is the first quarter we're disclosing the specific revenue amount. You've likely seen the tables in our earnings release. The installed base business came in at $856 million, which is an increase of approximately 3.5% from the same quarter a year ago. Gross margin for the March quarter was 46.3%. The strength in the March quarter gross margin is related to customer and product mix. Gross margin was somewhat negatively impacted from lower-than-expected output as well as increased spending in manufacturing and the supply chain. And just a reminder, our actual gross margins are a function of several factors such as business volume, product mix and customer concentration and you should expect to see variability quarter-to-quarter. Operating expenses for the March quarter were $486 million, which was essentially flat with the December quarter. The March quarter has normal seasonal increases as it always does at the beginning of the calendar year. We managed other variable expenses down during the quarter as we address the COVID-19 impacts on our operations. We maintained our focus in critical business projects for our customers with two-thirds of our operating expense focused on research and development. I also want to highlight for you that the benefits and costs of our deferred compensation program are no longer mismatched in our non-GAAP results. As I've discussed in the past, we hedged this plan to mitigate the exposure to the income statement with the up - excuse me, with the OpEx offset to this historically showing up in other income and expense. You can see the impacts of the market fluctuations related to deferred compensation program in our GAAP reconciliation tables in the earnings release. These hedging offsets remain mismatched in our GAAP results. Operating income in the March quarter was $673 million and operating margin was 26.9%. Our non-GAAP tax rate this quarter was 8.3%. This rate was lower than expected due to incremental deductions from equity compensation related to exercises during the quarter. We will have fluctuations in the tax rate from quarter-to-quarter and we expect our rate for calendar year 2020 to be in the low teens level. Other income and expense was up in the March quarter, coming in at approximately $30 million in expense. The main components of other income and expense line are interest income from our cash and investment balance, offset by interest expense related to our outstanding debt. We did have a small amount of incremental interest expense from the drawdown on our revolving credit facility that occurred late in the quarter. You should expect that other income and expense will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on several market related items like interest rates and foreign exchange. Let me now move on to capital return. For the March quarter, $164 million of cash was deployed in dividends and $146 million in share repurchase. As we discussed at our Investor Day, we have a long-term plan for capital to return of 75% to 100% of free cash flow. We have approximately $1.8 million - excuse me $1.8 billion remaining on our $5 billion board authorized buyback plan. In the current environment, we will be slowing our buyback activity. It is likely, we won't buy any stock back in the June quarter. Diluted earnings per share again came in at $3.98. We ended the March quarter with diluted shares of approximately 148 million shares, which was down from the December quarter level. This is the 9th consecutive quarter where our diluted share count has declined. The share count includes a dilutive impact of a little more than 1 million shares from the 2041 convertible notes. And I'll remind you, the dilution schedules for the remaining 2041 convertible notes is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. Let me now move on to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash increased in the March quarter to $5.6 billion from $4.9 billion in the December quarter. The quarter-to-quarter increase was due to strong cash flows from operations of $541 million as well as a $1.25 billion drawdown on our revolving credit facility. We also had debt maturities and redemptions of more than $600 million in the March quarter that obviously reduced the cash balance. Our strong balance sheet and cash generation capability continue to provide robust liquidity. DSO increased to 80 days versus 72 days in the prior quarter. The increase was largely due to the timing of collections and invoiced, but not yet revenue shipments that occurred at the end of the quarter. And I would point out on the first day of the June quarter, we collected more than $370 million. Inventory turns were 3.2 in the March quarter compared to 3.7 turns in the December quarter. Inventory was higher due to the fact that output slowed from the COVID-19 situation. Non-cash expenses included approximately $40 million for equity compensation, $50 million for depreciation and $17 million for amortization. March quarter capital expenditures were $51 million, which was a decrease from $62 million in the December quarter. Ending headcount as of the March quarter end was approximately 11,000 regular full-time employees, which is an increase from the December quarter of approximately 300 people, mainly to support field and factory operations. For the June quarter, although we're not providing official guidance, I'll share some things for you to consider when thinking about our June quarter financial performance. We are seeing the following dynamics. Capacity limitations are coming from our supply chain as well as adjustments and factory operations to maximize output considering social distancing challenges. We plan to add resources during the quarter to increase our output capability. Demand remained strong. We are output constrained. These capacity challenges will negatively impact revenue and gross margins. If our current assessment of our output capability turns out to be correct, revenue in the June quarter should be higher than March. There is obviously uncertainty around that statement. CSBG business remains resilient. Our priorities are the health and safety of our employees and partners as well as taking care of our customers. We will spend incrementally in these areas and we will actively control cost in other areas. Interest expense will be up from the revolver drawdown and share count is likely to be flat. So to summarize, we see continued strength in foundry and logic going into the June quarter. We also see - excuse me, memory demand continuing to strengthen. The long-term outlook for our business continues to be solid and consistent with what you heard from us at our Investor Day in early March. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon and thank you for taking the question and glad to hear you're all healthy. First question, I guess, revolves around demand side, obviously, you talked about supply constraints. How are you, I guess, prioritizing customer demand and have you seen any demand disruption given the uncertainty to COVID? Or just too early just to see anything works out on that front?
Tim Archer: Yes. I guess we, C.J., we are working very, very closely with all of our customers to help prioritize shipments in the order of greatest need for the customer. So you can imagine critical R&D programs, where there's a technology conversion, it requires a one of a kind tool, specific capacity bottlenecks that are critical to their factory output or delivery to specific customers of theirs. And so one of the great things about Lam having built very strong customer relationships over all these years is that we really partnered with them to understand their priorities. And we do have fair flexibility within our own operations to prioritize certain tools ahead of others for a specific customer. And so I'd say through very, very close coordination with the customers who are trying to meet their needs. It's - I guess, I would say, maybe the simple answer is, we've seen no demand disruption, no change in demand. One could say maybe that's - it's too early to see that. But we really haven't sensed in any conversation with the customers today a change in demand. So our focus is really on how to get the tools to them that they need.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. As my follow-up, I guess, on the supply - supply chain side, is that more upstream in your ability to produce the tools, get parts, perhaps issues in Malaysia? Or is it more logistics of getting the tools actually to customers? And then I guess as part of that, Doug, if you could help at all, how do we think about the implications to gross margins as you obviously bring on more resources to satisfy customers' demand in this crazy world?
Doug Bettinger: I'll take the first part of that. It - I'd say some of the supply challenges, they're kind of across the board, but clearly, I think most people are quite aware of the control orders that are in place in Malaysia, which is - tends to be for many equipment companies, a large subsystem supplier. Lam, we've - one of our strengths, both operationally and financially, has been a supply chain operation that allows us to do what we call merging transit. And so therefore, some of the subsystems never actually come to Lam facilities. They arrive directly at customer sites. If those don't arrive obviously, the system cannot ship complete. So it's across the board. Materials coming into our facilities, which we feel are operating quite effectively right now, but also coming out of major subsystem suppliers in places, as you noted, places like Malaysia and others. So that's
Tim Archer: C.J, I mean I'll give you a little flavor of how we're running things in areas that are probably going to be a little bit of a drag on gross margin. And I won't quantify it specifically, but I'll give you some stuff to think about. Basically, what's happening is, given the need to have social distancing, we're needing to space people out further away from one another in the factory environment. And obviously, that means we can generate less output per square meter, per square foot, what have you. So essentially, what we're trying to do C.J., is moving to incremental space where we have it, take some incremental space where we have it and bring incremental people into that other space. Obviously, in an environment like that, you're doing everything you can to take care of the customer and generate revenue for that matter, but you're going to be less efficient in terms of your ability to be super-efficient on the gross margin line. Other things that are going on, as I'm sure you're aware, freight and logistics is more expensive right now. It's up a decent amount in certain areas. So we're having to spend more to get materials coming into the factory as well as giving them to customers. I'm not going to quantify it for you specifically, but the way I would want you to be thinking about it is we've been in the gross margin range over the last five, six, seven years. I think what you're going to see is, we will trend towards the lower end of where you've seen our gross margin over that time frame. I don't think we'll go below the range we've been in, but I think we will be towards the lower end, given the dynamic I described.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Appreciate all the color you have given the uncertainty. Doug, I'm just kind of curious, can you quantify what the supply impact was to revenue in the March quarter? And is it going to be larger in the June quarter despite June revenue being up? And do you expect to kind of get most of these behind you by the end of the June quarter, so as you go into the second half of the calendar year, supply is less of an issue?
Tim Archer: Yes. John, I'll take you back. Our original guide was $2.8 billion, plus/minus $200 million. And we kind of realized the last couple of weeks of the quarter and our limited ability, we might end up ending below the low end of that range, and we did. So that was the impact. We came into the quarter expecting to be able to deliver $2.8 billion. And I'll remind you that as we began last quarter, we basically said, demand is actually stronger than that, but it was the beginning of things beginning to break out in Wuhan, and we knew there was going to be some supply chain impact. So that's kind of what went on there, John. Now obviously, we're getting much better at operating in this environment. We brought the factory back online. We got people back to work. We're hiring people. We're moving into incremental space. So I think we're going to be able to mitigate it better than when it just kind of fell in our lap. And based on how we believe we're going to be able to operate and get more output and execute our business continuity plans, I think revenue will be higher in June. Demand continues to be much stronger than that. This is a supply situation.
John Pitzer: And Doug, by the second half, do you think you will have mitigated all these supply issues or not? Second half of the calendar year?
Doug Bettinger: I hope so. Yes. I mean, we're executing our business continuity plans. It's not going to take us longer than a quarter to get those in place. I hope, and Tim can maybe comment on this as well.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think as I commented, we're continuously seeing improvements. Most important thing that we prioritized as well as I believe our supply chain did is, first, to establish a stable source of supply and production capability at a level that clearly is less than 100%. But stability being the key. We have customers, as I mentioned, with critical projects, critical production bottlenecks. And so what we wanted to ensure that we were avoiding beyond, of course, in any way endangering employees or our supply chain partners. But beyond that was endangering somehow taking a step back and moving too fast and then having to come back and not actually build the supply at that stable level. So I think day by day, we're able to inch that stable production level up. And I think as we exit this quarter, we'll be at a higher production output capability for sure. And as Doug said, probably working off this stronger customer demand over the next several months.
Doug Bettinger: And maybe just one other comment as I was thinking while Tim talked, John. Obviously, we have a plan to execute to a number, and we know what that number is. The reason we decided not to formally provide guidance to a number is, we're just concerned things could change. This is a very dynamic and fluid situation. That's really why we decided not to give you a hard number right now.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, Tim, you guys did a good job in the March quarter, pulling some levers on OpEx and bringing OpEx down. But clearly, you still have a lot of investments on your plates for future growth. So I'm just kind of curious on how you're going to manage OpEx through this environment? Should we think about it growing in line with revenue? Or are there more levers on SG&A that you can pull, but keep R&D growth continuing? How should we think about that dynamic?
Tim Archer: Yes, well, clearly, we will continue to prioritize R&D. We laid out some pretty aggressive plans, where we see really great opportunities for the Company at our Investor Day related to new system introductions, continued progress. I mentioned a couple of them today, new etch platform, new ALD progress. We will continue to fund those to the fullest that we can. We are seeing, of course, some very nice OpEx offsets. We're not traveling. And so there are elements of the expense lines that are coming down quite dramatically. So we're going to be prudent. We're not going to spend where we don't have to. A lot of discretionary spending around meetings and events and other things that kind of normally take the course of our normal business, those will not be occurring and we'll be reallocating that money to R&D and other things to ensure we come out of this stronger than we went in.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, John.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. Doug, I just want to follow-on to that question and see if maybe you could quantify the constraint in June. And obviously, we know what the constraint was in March. But if you could meet all the demand in June, can you give us a sense of maybe where revenue would be? Would it be sort of in excess of $3 billion, maybe $3.1 billion or $3.2 billion [ph]?
Doug Bettinger: Tim, I know you were going to come with a question like that. I'm not going to give you a number, but demand is very strong. And I'll simply remind you, what we originally guided in March was $300 million higher than what we delivered at the end of the quarter. Demand didn't change. And I specifically mentioned the $700 plus million in deferred revenue because that's stuff that shipped, but it was an incomplete system. It wasn't a fully functional system. Obviously, that stuff is going to revenue. So there is decent upside to demand. It's just - we're in a supply situation right now that we're working our way through.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, got it. And then just on the suspension of the repo. The stock is down a little bit based on the balance sheet. I get that maybe the topics of share repo right now is not that great. And maybe that's the answer, but you are typically pretty supportive of the stock, and opportunistic around the stock. So can you maybe comment as to why you could retail now and maybe it is just the opposite, but if you could give us some comments there. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes Tim, a little bit of is OpEx [ph], a little bit of it's just being prudent, right? I think every CFO in the world today is focused on liquidity and making sure you have the utmost liquidity. And I'm highly confident in the cash generation capability of the Company. But it just felt like the prudent thing to do to just kind of take a pause on the buyback, get focused on conserving cash. Hook our head up to see where end demand ends up. I do think at the end of the day, there will be some demand disruption. We're not seeing anything from customers yet. But when I look at the consumer-facing semiconductor companies, their business is beginning to be impacted. So I just - I want to get a little more time behind us, Tim, and assess what might actually this look like at the end of the day. And just trying to be prudent with the cash right now is all.
Timothy Arcuri: Sure. Okay, awesome. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and great job on the business execution just given the supply chain challenges. You guys characterized the demand environment to your system is remaining [ph] strong. Any way you can somewhat qualitatively or quantitatively describe this demand. You did say that you started this quarter with record backlog. Did you systems bookings actually grow sequentially in the March quarter?
Doug Bettinger: You want to take that, Tim?
Tim Archer: Yes. I mean, they did. I mean, it's - our comment about - I mean, I guess the best way to look at it is we gave on our January call, our outlook for the year. Now we're not reiterating the year because we recognize, as Doug just said. There's a fair bit of uncertainty about how things may play out with the macroeconomic environment later. But that outlook for the year that we spoke of and the strong demand at the January call, that's the demand we're talking about being unchanged, which means through this first half of the year, the continued strength in foundry and logic, the strengthening demand in memory because recall memory under-invested, we exited the year really in a situation where we felt very good about the need to add in the demand space and also eventually in the DRAM space. And we haven't seen those plans change and that demand remains kind of at the same level it was in January. And which means that we have a full order book, and we're - really, our challenge is how to get these tools to customers. And I would say 100% of my conversation with customers right now are about how to get the tools they need to them. And I think that will continue for some period of time. And as Doug said, we will reassess after that period to see how demand is being affected.
Doug Bettinger: And just maybe one incremental comment for me, Harlan. I mean, our customers are investing in very long lead time items. I wouldn't have expected anything to change. We're just monitoring and trying to be cautious about, obviously anything that is a consumer-facing business at the end of the day isn't going to be as strong. We haven't seen anything move through from our customers yet, but we're just - we're trying to be aware of what's going on the environment, I think, is how I'm thinking about how Tim is thinking funny [ph].
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there. And then on the innovation of design win pipeline, just given the short-term place here in the Bay Area, wondering if this has slowed either internal projects or collaborative engagement with customers at our research facility in Fremont or some of your other labs globally? Or are the labs considered an essential business process under state or federal guidelines and they are being staffed by the Lam team?
Tim Archer: Yes, they are and they are staffed. And as I mentioned in my comments, they're operational. But just as Doug spoke to, Lam is being - our top priority is safety of our employees and others working in our labs. And so we've implemented very strict social distancing protocols, which does limit the overall number of people who can be in the lab at any given time. And so I would say we're not operating the labs clearly at our full capacity for this event. But we are operating. We're able to prioritize critical R&D programs for customers. I did mention in my comments some of these projects, they probably have taken, say, a one-month delay or maybe a two-month delay because of not only the couple of weeks we're shutdown [indiscernible], but then the restart here through the local orders and social distancing. So - but we remain focused on them, and I would say that in the long-term sense of R&D projects and how they play out over time, this is not a - it's not a major disruption to their schedules. Now, your other comment is just on how we're engaged with customers. Clearly, travel is more difficult. But one thing Lam is focused on over the years is building strength in our regions. And so we do have a lot of process engineers and hardware engineers that are deployed out into the region and engaged with customers. And in most cases, our customers have continued to operate in a way that's not dramatically changed from before. And so we're able to engage with them on-site on those critical projects.
Harlan Sur: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Krish Sankar of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the good execution in these tough times. First question for Doug. Doug, China sales were very strong. Is there anything you can segment it between how much of it was memory versus foundry? How much of it is domestic versus multinational? Then I have a follow-up for Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I'll give you a little color, Krish. Yes, 32% in the China region, a little bit over half of that local Chinese customers. Maybe like 60% might be a reasonable way to think about it local versus the global multinationals. We've got a broad-based set of customers in China, NAND, DRAM, foundry. So it isn't one or the other, Krish. It's broad across all of that spectrum. This is the way you should think about it.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's helpful. And then, Tim, just a big picture question, given that you have been in this industry for a while, and Lam has a broad suite of product. If and when demand slows down, where do you think you'd see [indiscernible] in the productivity products like single-wafer clean, would it be within upgrades of the customer business group. I'm just kind of curious where you think or would it all happen at the same time and it really doesn't matter nitpicking it?
Tim Archer: Yes. No, it's a great question. I mean, in fact, I think if we look just to last year as maybe an example, and I'm not saying who knows, I mean, the future could be different than the past. But when we saw things slow down, say, in the memory market, and I talked about the fact that memory spend was down almost 40% last year, we actually see, in those cases, customers turn to how can they get and extract the most out of the installed base they have. So we tend to see things like advanced services and upgrades actually increase during those periods. So that's the strength of our installed base business and why we're so focused on it is because we believe that it is actually one of the areas that can help you weather worse market condition. Obviously, capacity additions would fall away. But again a lot of what we're looking at are technology conversions, ongoing strategic investments from customers, a lot of the investments that we've talked about in China and other places, is very long-term and strategic. And so I don't - I think those would probably be the last places to see R&D, technology, strategic investments, those would be the least affected.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank, Krish.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I understand visibility is limited. But when I hear you saying that capacity situation is slowly improving and your customers' CapEx plans are not really changing, I'm curious, what is your best guess on where WFE can land this year? Even qualitative comments would be very useful. Are there certain areas where you think it could be more resilient than others? Just any way to say, directionally where it can be this year would be extremely useful to us?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek. We were debating how much to say about this. I mean, we came into the year expecting the beginning of memory recovery, continued strength in foundry and logic, all of that is still how I see things, how we see things, I think. But I think it would be remiss to just come in and tell you, it's exactly the same as it was a quarter ago. Something is going to get softer, although we're not seeing it yet, honestly, from what we're hearing from customers. To quantify it, I don't know, kind of hard. We said mid-high-50s, 90 days ago, probably low mid-50s might not be an unreasonable way to think about it right now. I do think we're going to see softness at some point and things that are facing the consumer. I don't know. Tim, anything else you'd
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. The other is, and maybe I thought maybe where you're going with this is, at some point, we must resolve the supply issues, otherwise, they start to affect the actual WFE that can be executed in the year. We can't pile everything up on to customers in the back half of the year as a makeup because that's not possible from our own manufacturing, shipping and also the installation and the customers' digestion of that equipment. So I don't think we're quite at that point yet, but we would be where at some point to a certain, if it couldn't be executed simply because of the supply constraints. But if things continue to progress, and as Doug said, we see the June revenue higher and us working through the backlog that I spoke to, then I don't know that we see huge issues with the constraints on WFE.
Vivek Arya: All right. And on the services side, thanks for providing that disclosure, do you think that proportion kind of remains for June and the following quarters, so kind of one-third from the services group? Or is there something about the current macro environment? That impacts that ratio one way or another?
Doug Bettinger: That's a hard one, Vivek. I mean, what I see happening over a multi-year time frame is the equipment stuff has a little bit more volatility to it and sometimes can accelerate in which case - I mean, installed base business is just kind of a slow and steady grower in some ways along with the installed base. So a lot of stability there. I think as total revenues tick up, probably equipment will pick up a little bit more quickly, at least over the next couple of quarters, I hope. And so the percent would go down, but it will ebb and flow. I mean, historically, how I've described it as 25% to 30%. And obviously, if you do the math on what we just saw, it's more than 30%.
Tim Archer: But I think that the reason why we - I mean, obviously, we finally felt it was very important to disclose more details on this business is because the new system shipments and CSBG in any particular quarter are not so directly linked. That's why we like the business so much. And so I would start to recommend people not think about it as the percentage of our business as much as it is a business that we've said we would expect to grow every year. And it has multiple components that give it resiliency from the spares and upgrades and advanced services and Reliant systems. And so, I think in and of itself, maybe it does depend on the growth of the installed base, but that comes a little bit, there's a lagging time indicator there as tools have to ship. They have to go out of warranty, then they start to consume parts and upgrades and such. So I think we're disclosing it, so you can start to think about it as a business that's growing kind of on its own.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Vivek.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Atif Malik of Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. First one, have your lead times stretched in the current environment? And if yes, by how much? And as a follow-up, Doug, you talked about $8 billion to $9 billion domestic China spending in January. And given the strength in March, are those expectations looking up for the full year in terms of demand? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: I'll let Tim take the lead time question, first.
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess - let me take it on. They clearly have stretched. I mean, that's what we're talking about relative to supply challenges and our own challenges. So lead times have stretched out. I don't actually want to quantify it for you on this call, though. I mean it's something - again, it's competitive reasons, but you can imagine, it's - lead times have stretched out, and that's why we're in conversation with the customers about how to get them their high priority tools closer to the original lead times that we would have originally provided.
Doug Bettinger: Yes and Atif, what we've said about local China WFE is that in 2019, it was a little bit above $6 billion or above $6 million, and we expected an incremental $2 million to $3 million. Still kind of how I think about it, obviously. I don't know that a whole lot has changed in that regard.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question is from Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. If you compare to the midpoint of the guidance there, there's a $300 million shortfall. What end market or geography were most impacted? It looks like China still have pretty decent growth, but Taiwan was down quite a bit, which is different than what the big foundry guys over there saying. Any color there would be great. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: I don't know that there's any unique geographic distribution between what wasn't able to be supplied versus what we did ship. Nothing is in my head, Sidney, to give you an answer that said [indiscernible].
Tim Archer: Yes. I think it's - the way I would think about it and maybe back to even the previous question a little bit is that each of our - we have a lot of different products. And the makeup of the supply chain for those products is not the same. And even the manufacturing facilities for those products are not all the same. And so I would say it was less about any particular customer not receiving a big chunk of tools as much as certain tools the lead time having pushed out a little bit and those tools kind of slipping out of the quarter. So certain tool types were impacted, I would say, more so than us as a result of where their supply chain was heavily concentrated.
Sidney Ho: Okay, that's helpful. My follow-up is, if your June quarter revenue does come in the way you expect, which you think is higher, I guess they're still two more quarters to go for the year. But what are your thoughts on bit growth for DRAM and NAND and maybe leading edge foundry capacity additions, I guess, based on how you think that the second half of the year is going to be?
Doug Bettinger: Hard to answer, Sidney. I mean, first thing I'd tell you is our view of the long-term good demand really is unchanged. Now having said that, obviously, a lot of bits are consumed in the mobile space, and that's gotten probably softer given the more direct exposure to the consumer. That's offset, though, by what you see going on in the hyperscale space, which is also [indiscernible], right? The work from home, whatnot and the stuff. Tim had in his script about the likely uptick there. Those two are going to offset. I don't know that I'm ready to quantify it for you just because there's so many moving pieces unless Tim wants to quantify?
Tim Archer: No, we debated it, but no. I think the challenges we said, we do recognize there will be areas of strength and weakness. And as Doug has said many times, I think we need to see how, obviously, later in the year, macro is really affecting consumer spending in other segments of the market. We wouldn't sit here today and say that this kind of economic disruption would have no effect. And so just hard to quantify. I think we just have some comfort in knowing that we feel like we came out of - we come into this year and ended this economic disruption without having been a situation of like a lot of spending last year. So if there's one overlining, it's that there was underinvestment last year, so we enter in a pretty good space from that perspective?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The trajectory of growth was declining as we exited last year, and that continues into the first half of this year and the second half will depend on the investments that occur. So maybe something to think about Sidney.
Sidney Ho: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Quatrochi of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Going back to your prior WFE growth expectations, could you provide us any color on just how we should think about - what was it baked into that for capacity expansion versus technology transitions?
Tim Archer: Yes, Joe, we didn't - I didn't break it down specifically. What we said was continued strength in foundry and logic. That is what we're seeing. And then some level of a recovery in NAND read that to be - last year in memory, the spending was pretty much all about just node conversions, almost no wafer capacity. And that created a situation where the rate of supply growth continued to decline through the year such that our view was it was below where demand growth was going to be in both NAND and DRAM, right? We had inventory adjusting pricing getting better, all that kind of stuff. I think the real question that's on all of our minds is, okay, what is demand going to do this year. I'm not going to wait into that one quite yet. So that's what we saw. We saw NAND beginning to tick up a little bit, probably adding a few wafers. DRAM, no. DRAM really was a continued trajectory that we saw in '19 through most of '20, maybe a little bit of an uptick. And I think we're just going to wait and see how this plays out to assess what's going to happen there. But that's what we were seeing 90 days ago. That's what we described 90 days ago.
Joe Quatrochi: Okay. And then on the strength in China, I mean, it sounds like it could have been even stronger in the March quarter. Is that fair? And then I guess if that's true, do you expect that to grow further in the June quarter, just given that some of that could have slipped into this quarter?
Doug Bettinger: I don't know that it would have grown as a percent, Joe. I mean, the supply issue was across every geography, quite honestly. So if you think in percentage terms, I don't know that would have been all that different. Everything had challenges around supply. And then just to frame what we see going on in local China, again, we expected - not expected. Last year was a little above $6 billion, and we saw an incremental $2 billion to $3 billion in China, and that's still pretty much what we see from local China in terms of WFE - that was a statement of WFE.
Joe Quatrochi: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Operator, we'll do one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your final question will come from Quinn Bolton of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton: Thanks, guys for squeezing my in. First question, just trying to reconcile the lower revenue for you guys out of Taiwan in foundry when TSMC put up a record CapEx number in the March quarter. Is that just sort of a timing when TSMC recognizes CapEx? Or do you have any thoughts on that? And then the second question, the social distancing that you put in place in the manufacturing operations, does that slow your cycle times for an extended period of time and reduce your sort of quarterly revenue capacity? Or do you think the plan that you put in place to try and expand footprints can get your back to where your manufacturing output was, say, before you went into the COVID downturn? Thanks.
Tim Archer: Okay, great. Let me take both of those. The - relative to Taiwan and your questions there, I think there's no story other than just timing. I mean as Doug said, we had systems impacted in that first quarter. So I don't think there's anything there. From the capacity perspective and social distancing, that was part of what Doug was speaking to. Clearly, within our factories, once we've implemented strict social distancing, we can have fewer people in the same area, I mean space. And so to that extent, our cycle time does stretch out. Some tasks take longer than they would have otherwise and so our overall capacity out of an existing space does decline from what would have been pre-COVID. Now, we're finding ways to reroute our lines and actually gain some of that capability back. But at the same time, as Doug also mentioned, we have access to additional space, and we're moving and expanding into some other areas to recapture that capacity. That takes a little bit of time, but we clearly will execute those plans. And as we see - if we see demand continuing to hold up as we would expect and we need that capacity, we will continue to grow our output.
Quinn Bolton: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Quinn.
Tina Correia: Okay, operator. I think that will conclude our call today for Lam Research. So thank you all for joining.
Operator: This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day, everyone. Take care.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-01-29 17:57:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tina Correia, Corporate VP of Investor Relations. Maam, please begin.
Tina Correia: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the December 2019 quarter and our outlook for the March 2020 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1.00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's Web site along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factors disclosed in our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3.00 PM Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our Web site. With that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina, and welcome everyone. In the December quarter, Lam delivered revenues and diluted earnings per share above the midpoint of guidance, marking another quarter of solid execution and closing out a year of strong performance in calendar 2019. Consistent with our comments throughout this year, we enter 2020 with increasing momentum and an improved spending mix environment which we believe will lead to outperformance by Lam. I have now completed my first year as CEO of Lam Research and I am incredibly proud of what our people have achieved. Underpinning our strong financial results this past year has been a companywide focus on execution and an emphasis on our culture where all employees can perform their best. I want to thank Lam's employees across our global organization for their efforts and of course our partners and customers for their valued support. I also want to take a moment to address the coronavirus situation. Our concern first and foremost is with the health and well being of our employees, customers and partners and with this in mind we have implemented precautionary measures within our global business operations. Additionally, we are donating to Chinese relief efforts to support the people and communities impacted by the coronavirus outbreak. Now turning to our business results. In calendar 2019, we generated solid operating cash flows and at the same time we invested a company record in research and development dollars to fuel technology innovation and product differentiation. Our EPS performance, the second best in the company's 40-year history, was especially noteworthy given that memory spending declined significantly year-over-year in 2019. The impact of lower memory spending was partially mitigated by record revenue from our customer support business group, highlighting the importance of our recurring spares and service opportunity to the overall quality of earnings of the company. In 2019, we also saw outstanding execution in our product organizations. We grew our revenue share of WFE spend in memory and foundry logic, and we laid the foundation for additional gains as we recorded our best ever performance in net penetration and defense application wins as measured by revenue potential over the next three years. We are winning by focusing on high-volume manufacturing solutions for emerging technology inflection challenges, including those associated with new scaling architectures, new memory technologies and new materials. We are capitalizing on the learning from our installed base of tools that today enables some of the industry's most critical etch and deposition applications. For example, for the three most critical applications in 3D NAND, our Strata, ALTUS and Flex tools each process well over 1 million wafers per month in high-volume manufacturing allowing us to partner early and in a unique way with our customers on next generation needs. In 2019, this led to the addition of new products to our portfolio such as the VECTOR DT which is designed to address wafer stress problems encountered during the high-volume production of 3D NAND stacks of 96 layers and above. Similarly, we enhanced the capabilities of our Corvus product family to improve device yield at the wafer edge by depositing and encapsulating layers for bevel protection. These products expand our served share of WFE spend, but just as importantly they exemplify our commitment to our customer success. In 2019, we improved to the number one or number two position at all of our largest customers that provide a competitive ranking of their suppliers based on detailed, quality, support and performance scorecards. In part, this improvement is due to our investment in productivity enhancing upgrades for our installed base. For instance, Corvus wafer edge solutions have become key differentiators for our conductor and dielectric etch systems in high-volume manufacturing and have been instrumental in helping our customers reduce cost of ownership. We announced in 2019 a Corvus-enabled self maintaining etch tool that ran for one year in high-volume manufacturing without human intervention. Multiple customers are now upgrading their installed base tools to include this high-value-added capability. In 2019, we highlighted heterogeneous integration and advanced packaging as new areas of opportunity to leverage our product portfolio in 3D learning to drive growth. In the December quarter, we built on our growing momentum in this space with additional wins for our SABRE 3D electroplating system at multiple advanced packaging customers. With these latest wins, we estimate that we have gained more than 15 points of market share in the last two years and we have firmly established ourselves as the technology leader in the increasingly important through-silicon via market. Another area of growth for the company has been in atomic layer deposition or ALD. Our ALD solutions are gaining significant traction in the market by delivering best-in-class film properties along with hyperactivity and low defects. Due to the inherent advantages of higher film quality and comparability, our Striker ALD oxide systems are replacing older process alternatives such as spin on dielectric and SA CVD for critical applications pulling more WFE spending into our served market. Similarly, RC scaling requirements are driving increased demand for our single wafer Striker carbide and ALTUS ALD metallization systems. When used for low-k carbide liner spacer applications, our Striker system has been able to achieve 30% better RC properties versus competing batch tools. The metallization we closed out 2019 on a high note with significant wins in logic/foundry for our ALTUS systems as customers look to replace the conventional barrier fill sequence with an integrated ALD approach to lower device resistance in a cost-effective way. Across all products, we exited 2019 with approximately 61,000 chambers in our installed base. Our installed base revenues grew year-over-year and reached record levels in 2019 with significant contribution from our Reliant business, which also reached record levels. Productivity upgrades and solutions grew more than 30% year-over-year as we have worked to help customers enhance the performance of their existing assets. Furthermore, we signed several new multiyear customer support contracts. These multiyear contracts enable Lam to significantly reduce customers running costs while generating a recurring revenue stream for Lam. Now turning to WFE. We estimate 2019 WFE ended in the $46 billion to $47 billion range, slightly higher than our prior mid $40 billion estimate. The increase was driven predominantly by higher foundry/logic spending. For calendar 2020, assuming no material impact from coronavirus on our full year outlook, our view calls for WFE spend in the mid-to-high $50 billion range supported by sustained strong spending in foundry and logic and significantly for Lam improved spending in memory led first by NAND. Overall, we expect spending in memory and foundry/logic segments to be up year-on-year in 2020. To wrap up, Lam delivered strong financial performance in calendar 2019. And as our March quarter guidance suggests, we are in a great position to drive higher in 2020 with the improvement in memory spending. Lam's product pipeline is very strong with more innovation on the way, and we look forward to sharing more with you at our upcoming Investor Day on March 3. Thanks. And now here's Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today in the middle of what I know is a very busy earnings season. We concluded calendar year 2019 with the strong December quarterly performance. Results ended up better than we expected, primarily due to a little bit stronger NAND investment as well as an uptick in our installed base business. Our installed base business delivered another record year and continued to be a stable profitable business for us. And as Tim mentioned, from and earnings per share perspective, it was the second best year in our 40-year history. The December quarter results came in over the midpoint of guidance for all financial metrics with diluted earnings per share essentially at the high end of our guidance range. As Tim also noted, were pleased with our performance in calendar year 2019 and we delivered solid profitability levels within a challenging memory environment. As we discussed at our earnings call last quarter, there were continued strong investments in the foundry and logic segments in the December quarter. We had the highest system revenue dollars for the foundry segment in our history and the revenue concentration was at its highest level since the September 2016 quarter. Foundry spending continued its focus on the 7 and 5 nanometer nodes and it represent 36% of our December quarter system revenue. The logic and other segment grew in dollar terms and was essentially flat with the prior quarter intensity level coming in at 12% of system revenues. It was the highest logic and other revenue level in dollar terms in two years driven by 10-nanometer, image sensors and other specialty markets. For memory, the combined segment decreased to 52% of system revenues from the September quarter which was at 64%. We had a decrease in the December quarter in the nonvolatile memory segment going from 38% to 35%. Going from a dollar perspective, revenue in the segment actually increased. The DRAM segment decreased from 26% to 17% of system revenue. NAND investment continues to be focused on 64, 96 and initial 128 layer devices and DRAM spending continues to be primarily focused on node transitions. Revenues for the quarter were $2,584 million which was above the midpoint. In addition to the leading edge foundry and logic strength I mentioned, we saw continued investments in the China region with the majority again coming from domestic Chinese customers. China geographic revenue came in at 29% of total revenue in December. Gross margin came in at 45.7%, 70 basis points above the midpoint. The strength in the December quarter gross margin is related to customer and product mix as well as increased factory utilization levels relative to the prior quarter. Ill remind you as I always do that actual gross margins are a function of several factors such as business volumes, product mix and customer concentration and you should expect to see some variability quarter-to-quarter. Operating expense for the December quarter came in at $481 million. Our variable compensation spending was higher in the quarter as its tied to the increased level of profitability. Spending in the December quarter also increased due to the appreciation of the market during the quarter and the resulting impact on the cost of our deferred compensation plan. As Ive mentioned in the past, we do hedge this to mitigate the exposure to the income statement. However, because of the accounting rules, the offset to this expense shows up in other income and expense. It's basically a neutral impact to earnings per share at the end of the day. We continue to invest in our critical research and development programs and youll hear more about our commitment to technology and productivity leadership at our upcoming Investors Day in March. Ill also remind you that as we look ahead to the 2020 calendar year, youll see the normal seasonal spending increases related to the March quarter. Operating income in the December quarter was $700 million and operating margin was 27.1%, essentially at the midpoint of guidance. Non-GAAP tax rate in the quarter was 12.5%. I would like to highlight that the difference between the non-GAAP tax rate and the December quarter GAAP tax rate which was 23.5% was related to the reversal of the tax benefit from the Altera stock-based compensation case. I think you're seeing this from lots of companies in the technology space. You should expect that fluctuations in the tax rate will occur quarter-to-quarter. And as we look into the rate for the calendar year 2020, I expect it to be in the low-teens level. Other income and expense was up slightly from the prior quarter at a total of approximately $13 million in expense. The main components of OI&E are interest income from our cash and investment balances offset by interest expense related to the outstanding debt. You should expect that other income and expense will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on several market-related items, things like foreign exchange are what Im talking about. Moving now to capital return. For the December quarter, $167 million of cash was deployed in dividends and $1 billion in share repurchase. As weve frequently done in the past, the share repurchases were done through a structured share repurchase program that cover repurchases through the June 2020 quarter. We remain on track with our commitment to capital return. For calendar year 2019, we completed $3 billion of our current $5 billion buyback authorization. In total, our capital return activities represented approximately 158% of free cash flow in 2019. Diluted earnings per share was $4.01. Our diluted shares continue to decline and we ended the December quarter with diluted shares at approximately 150 million shares. This is the eighth consecutive quarter where our diluted share count has declined. The share count includes a dilutive impact of approximately 5 million shares from the 2041 convertible notes. And I'll remind you that the dilution schedule for the 2041 converts is available on our IR Web site for your reference. Let me now move to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments including restricted cash decreased in the December quarter to $4.9 billion from $5.8 billion in the September quarter. The decrease quarter-to-quarter was due to the share repurchase and dividend activity, offset by cash flows from operations of $308 million. And as Ive mentioned before, when you see business levels grow, working capital levels generally increase which impacted our cash flow from operations in December. We concluded calendar year 2019 with the second highest level of free cash flow in the company's history at over $2.3 billion. I believe this truly demonstrates the sustainability of our business through a lower industry spend period. DSO increased slightly due to the timing of collections to 72 days versus 69 days in the prior quarter. Inventory turns improved to 3.7 turns from 3.2 in the September quarter. Both receivables and inventory grew in dollars during December as business levels increased by. Non-cash expenses included approximately $46 million for equity compensation, $49 million for depreciation and $17 million for amortization. December quarter capital expenditures increased to $62 million from $39 million in the September quarter. Ending headcount as of the December quarter was flat with the prior quarter at approximately 10,700 regular full-time employees. We expected as revenue levels are growing, well add headcount to support the increasing business. So now looking ahead, Id like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the March 2020 quarter. Were expecting revenue of $2,800 million plus or minus $200 million; gross margin of 46.5% plus or minus one percentage point; operating margins of 28% plus or minus one percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $4.55 plus or minus $0.40 based on the share count of approximately 149 million shares. We see continued strength in foundry and logic spending going into the March quarter and additionally we see NAND spending continue to increase going into 2020. The March quarter guidance reflects our current view of the business environment, including our assessment of the potential impact from the public health situation in China. We see business disruptions potentially with both customers and suppliers that are essentially extending the lunar New Year holiday through February 9. Absent this situation, our numbers would have been somewhat higher. We also increased the revenue and EPS ranges to take into consideration the uncertainty of the impact from these activities. We believe this is temporary but the issue is developing day by day. I think were taking a prudent approach to what were doing with the numbers. So to conclude, were well positioned heading into 2020. Were on a strong trajectory to outperform based on our product portfolio as well as operational strategies. And that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. My first question just is been focusing on the domestic China market. Doug, you were kind enough to tell us it was the majority of the China business in the December. Im wondering if you can help us understand how much of a majority it was. And what was the split between sort of memory and logic? And then as you look out to your WFE forecast growth of at least 20% in calendar year '20, how important is the domestic China market and how should we think about the memory versus sort of the logic/foundry side of that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Ill answer it and then Ill let Tim add on. John, Im not going to get into the habit every quarter of giving a precise quantification except to tell you the majority in the December quarter was from domestic China. And thats been the case the last couple of quarters. And the reason Ive been mentioning that over the last couple of quarters is its different than the last several years have been where the majority has actually come from the global multinationals. Then your question relative to how were looking into 2020 in China, I think 2019 probably finished with WFE from the local China customers a little bit above $6 billion, something like that and its growing in 2020. And as we look into 2020, I think John probably its up $2 billion to $3 billion is my best guess from local China. And that spending is broad based; its NAND, its DRAM, its foundry and logic. So its not one or the other. Its broad based settled [ph] for customer spending. Tim, you want to add anything.
Tim Archer: No, I think that pretty much covers it.
John Pitzer: And then as my follow on just on WFE and kind of your share, Tim, you talked about in your prepared comments you did a nice job kind of gaining your share of WFE. Is 2020 a year where that becomes a little bit more difficult with sort of the addition of EUV or how important is EUV to your growth projections this year? And as we think about EUV deployment, is that a good leading indicator for your future business or how should we think about that?
Tim Archer: Yes, I think that  weve talked about EUV a number of times. And so I guess maybe Ill just repeat a few things I said and maybe add a couple of comments. In general, what weve said is that technology transitions themselves are very good for Lam. We have highlighted a number of times that Lams served market actually grows at each technology node within foundry/logic even with the introduction of EUV. So really what we want is we want the market and our customers to be able to keep moving their technologies forward. Specific to patterning as you move from say 7 to 5 nanometer, even in the case of EUV what youre starting to see is, is the increased use of more high-quality hard masks moving away from spin on dielectrics towards deposition metals like PECVD where Lam has a very strong position. And so in many cases, our SAM is actually increasing because were pulling in applications that before were actually done with older processes and now theyre coming into a more critical space. And so with that, we see SAM increase and therefore even with the EUV we see a growing market for ourselves. Doug talked about highest dollars from foundry and logic and thats just I think further evidence, because were seeing technology investments right now at those EUV nodes. Now as far as the leading indicator, John, what we said is that EUV is obviously  those shipments are signs of these more complex technology nodes and again our SAM grows, so opportunity grows.
Doug Bettinger: John, the only thing I would add, as you think about wallet share of WFE going into 2020, I think you know our SAM and share in NAND is very good. And clearly 2020 in our view is going to be a stronger investment period for the NAND industry as weve seen kind of pricing and profitability stabilize. So our share of wallet actually in addition to the EUV commentary Tim had is actually going to have a tailwind from the fact that NAND spending I think will be stronger.
Tim Archer: Thats right.
John Pitzer: Thanks, guys. Congratulations again.
Tim Archer: Thanks, John.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question on WFE as you think about the roughly $8 billion to $10 billion increase year-on-year into 2020, can you tell us how much of that is memory versus foundry and logic? Is that kind of an 80/20 split? And then as part of that, are you including the material uplift in DRAM within that or is that something that could be a source of further upside?
Tim Archer: Okay, C.J., great questions. I dont think were going to give you the exact breakout, but I think weve characterized it as  maybe you can look back to what we said as we were exiting last year. What we said was that we were seeing very strong spending in foundry/logic and that we were just starting to see the early signs of improvement in NAND and we felt that DRAM would come after the NAND market had improved. And so I think what youre seeing in our outlook for 2020 is that starting to play out. Except for again sustained strong spending in foundry and logic, certainly the emphasis on sustained and a strong uptick in NAND spending which as Doug just commented is a significant tailwind for us in terms of our SAM as a percent of WFE. Relative to DRAM, I think we characterized last year primarily as the technology investment year with very little capacity additions. And I would say that in general our outlook at this year is that that doesnt change much at least until much later in the year. So Id say primarily sustained strong foundry and logic and a strong uptick in NAND.
C.J. Muse: Great. And as a follow-up question on the service side, thank you for providing the installed base numbers, very helpful. So up I think 12% in calendar '18, up 9% in calendar '19. Can you help us kind of think about what the growth rate for service could look like? And is it fair to say that service in 2019 reached roughly mid-30s of total revenues? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: So Ill take the last one. It wasnt quite that high, C.J., but it was comfortably above 30 in 2019, Ill give you that much.
Tim Archer: I think that were very confident. Weve said that because of the growing installed base, the overall customer support business grows every year. How it grows each year Ive talked a little bit about that dynamic where depending on where you are in kind of utilization and spending and customers will spend on different things. I highlighted a very strong year for us in 2019 on productivity upgrades which is  one of the things customers do when theyre looking to squeeze a little bit more out of the assets they already have in their fabs and we saw a lot of that last year. I think that as you transition now to a very busy year and customers ramping aggressively, then youll find yourself much more in this comparison and some of the value-added services part. But in general, given the dynamics with our market and our product portfolio, we feel very confident about its ability to grow year-on-year with the installed base.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and great job on the solid business execution. With the complexity of the manufacturing process combined with higher specifications, maybe longer install and call times, on average from the time that you ship a tool to the time that that tool is put into full value production, I think greenfield is around six months. Is this lead time around the same time for conversion and incremental capacity expansion? And the reason why I ask is I just want to do a sanity check that for some of the memory shipment goodness that youre seeing, hopefully this is going to be layering on in-sync with the demand pull for memory which is typically more kind of middle to kind of second half of the year weighted?
Tim Archer: I dont think weve really broken it out. In fact, I dont know that I could even really speak to a material difference in lead times. I guess if I caught your question, it was does a conversion have approximately the same lead time for the upgrade to take place and the product to be called? If that was the question, I would say theyre not dramatically different in terms of cycle time.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And Harlan, maybe Im guessing what your question might be. When we look at the way spending occurred in the second half of '19 in NAND, and I remind you we were saying this for a while. We exited the year we believe the industrys supply growth 30% year-on-year. Based on the investments we saw occurring in the second half of '19, we believe that rate will decline  supply growth will decline into the first half of '20, right. And so youre starting to see an uptick in investment that will have a lag effect to it and it wont immediately be producing output. I think thats inherently what youre asking, right?
Harlan Sur: Exactly. Thats exactly right and I appreciate the response. And actually as a follow on to that, so you guys had anticipated NAND bit supply growth exiting 2019 around 30% below the demand rate. I think some of your customers in DRAM were seeing bit supply kind of low to mid teens again before kind of the demand rates. So given the improving fundamentals in memory this year, kind of extrapolating from your customer equipment requirements this year, how do you guys see bit supply growth in NAND and DRAM this year from kind of the depressed levels exiting last year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, so you got it exactly right what we said. We exited the year well below the long-term demand trend. And actually even with the guidance weve just given, we actually see ourselves under growing long-term demand this year in terms of bit supply growth both in NAND and in DRAM.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and a good job on results and guide. If I look at your top line growth historically, you outperformed WFE by 2x or so. How should we think about your top line growth relative to WFE for this year?
Doug Bettinger: Atif, the color Id give you is again what Ive already said is I think its an uptick in NAND investment. Our SAM and NAND is really strong. Our share in NAND is really strong. And so to the extent that NAND is driving an uptick in WFE, Lam will do really well. And youve seen that over the years in times when memory is spending more, we do real well and when its going to other way, we do less well. You should expect the same thing. Im not going to quantify it for you whether history is a good indicator, Im not completely sure. But Ill be very disappointed if we dont outperform this year.
Atif Malik: Very helpful, Doug. And as a follow up, your WFE number for this year is even bigger than what we were thinking 55 billion. Can you just talk about the opportunity in which sensor, advanced packaging, things like that and how big that number is in your WFE number for this year?
Tim Archer: Yes, weve put that in the logic and other space. And what Doug indicated is we expect foundry and logic to grow '19 to '20. I dont know the exact image sensor number, so I cant answer your exact question. Its a secular grower for sure. But in the grand scheme of how big foundry and logic is, its actually not all that big. But it is something we do really, really well in, in terms of the TSV aspect of image sensors.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, all I would add is, is one of the reasons youve heard us talk a lot more about specialty technologies and some of the products that we introduced in 2019 really focusing on heterogeneous integration and advanced packaging and MRAM and the image sensors was because many of those items are somewhat growing year-by-year from applications that are a little bit decoupled from the larger WFE cycle. And so again even last years WFE was down, we were setting records in what we kind of prefer to as our specialty technologies business which is primarily served by the Reliant tools.
Tim Archer: And so I think you can continue to see us focus in those areas because theyre places where our technology plays very well. And as Doug said, we can by bringing the right technology and cost point we can really gain quite a large portion of that market.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong and consistent execution. I have two questions as well. The first one, Im curious what goes into your WFE calculation just because its such a strong outlook for this year. Is it orders, is it CapEx, is it memory pricing assumption? Im just curious what goes into it? And as part of that, if you could also give us some color on how you think the shape of WFE looks like first half versus second half?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Ill go through it and then Im sure Tim will have comments on that. We go at this in a couple different ways. We talk to customers first and foremost. Customers tell us heres our plans, heres what we think were going to do kind of customer-by-customer, fab-by-fab. So thats the bottoms-up approach to it. It doesnt mean its exactly precisely correct. It changes. Customers plans can change, but thats one aspect of how we come at it. The second aspect is actually a tops-down approach, which is we take a read on, okay, what is global GDP going to look like this year? What does that mean for electronics demand? What does that mean for IC unit and semi revenue growth? And what does that mean relative to wafers and technology? And then we try to correlate the two approaches together. We dont always get it perfect, but its a pretty robust process and I think we do a decent job. But we dont always get it exactly right, but we do our best. Tim, anything?
Tim Archer: Yes, I think it stems, as Doug said, from pretty extensive conversations with customers. One of the nice things about this business is that we have developed very deep relationships with customers and theyre just as interested in having us deliver the technology they need on time. And so I think its pretty open sharing about when tools are needed when the ramp is going to occur. So that factors quite a bit into the calculation.
Vivek Arya: And anything on first half versus second half?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I think that its going to be a little bit of a first half weighted year really driven by foundry and logic. I think memory spending is going to be pretty steady through the year, but I think foundrys probably a little bit first half weighted.
Vivek Arya: All right. And for my follow up, your installed base has grown at a 10%, 11% annual base the last five years, which is pretty remarkable given the volatility in WFE. My question is how fast have your services kind of grown annually during those five years and how should we think about the installed base and services growth for the next two to three years? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Ill give you little color. The best indicator of how its growing is just chamber count, because that really is what drives the business opportunity. Having said that, were doing a lot of innovative things around advanced service offerings in different ways to deliver value to customers that drives our objective, Vivek, at the end of the day to have dollars grow faster than just the growth in chamber count. And if you come see us in March, well probably give you a little more color around what this business looks like.
Tim Archer: Yes. And I think the only thing Id add, I made comments about the productivity upgrades and solutions a part of that business. Its  obviously every customer is driving to reduce their running cost in their fabs. And so between upgrades for existing tools as well as new really data-enabled services that we offer to help recover tools more quickly with less labor and with a higher probability of first-time right. That part of the business is actually growing very fast and I think has the ability just as it did the past year of growing 30% year-on-year the ability to outgrow the installed base. And so were investing in that area.
Vivek Arya: Thanks very much.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congrats guys on the great results. Just two quick ones either Tim or Doug. When you look at the calendar year 2020 and like you mentioned WFE is probably front half loaded and mostly foundry/logic bias going towards memory in the back half. Are there any nuances in gross margin we should worry about or is there like one segment has a better gross margin profile than the other? And then I have a follow up.
Doug Bettinger: No, theres nothing specific to gross margin by segment that you should be thinking about. It varies with customer mix, it varies with product mix and then overall business volumes is what I think Ive said every single quarter that Ive been at the company, its the same language. So there isnt anything specific by segment.
Krish Sankar: Got it, Doug. And then just a follow up on the OpEx. I understand March has the seasonality with all the merit increase, et cetera, but how do we think about OpEx on a go-forward basis? Is like 18% of sales a good bogey to use or is the 500 million plus run rate  quarterly run rate the right metric?
Doug Bettinger: If you look at what weve done over the longer term, weve let spending grow at a rate less than the top line has grown over the last, I dont know, since we brought the two companies together. And I think youre going to see us thinking that same way as we see a stronger year in front of us. And again, come see us in March Ive give you an updated financial model as well.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Youre welcome.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Next we have a question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Doug, I had two. First of all, China has been running about 30% of revenue for the past three quarters. Should we expect it to be about 30% as a percent of revenue in March? And I assume within that that it would still be  like the vast majority of it would be the domestic guys. Is that correct?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Im not going to get into kind of telling you quarter-by-quarter what it is, but Ill remind you what I said earlier. I think it grows $2 billion to $3 billion of a base of 6-ish  going a little above 6 for the year. It will lumpy. Tim, you know how this goes. Theres a project that takes tools, then has to ramp it for a while and digest it, then something else kicks in. Im not going to give you exact color around  on the March guide, but I think it will be a good year for local China this year.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, great. Thanks, Doug. And then I guess this is kind of a bigger picture question, but given whats going on with export control, youre saying that domestic China is going to add maybe 2 billion to 3 billion to 2020 WFE. Do you think that theres any of this incremental stuff going on within China where customers are concerned about maybe someday down the road they cant get access to tools, and so maybe theyre calling in timelines of these fabs? Thanks.
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess Ill take that one, Tim. Weve answered this a couple of times. We see no indication that the China buys are pull-ins. There appear to be solid plans behind what they are trying to do and every tool we ship theyre trying to ramp as quickly as they can. So I really dont think that plays into it. Having said that, we are watching whats going on with the talk about regulatory controls, but at this point no details that we could even really comment on.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome, Tim. Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder  back to the topic of this China sovereign business, if you could give us some color on the number of customers. I think people tend to think about memory, but just Im not looking for specifics, but how much of it is memory versus other stuff and just an indication of the breadth that youre seeing?
Tim Archer: Yes. So Doug made a comment about the demand being pretty broad based. We are seeing  and again, just sort of think about whats great about our market right is the breadth of driver  end market drivers. Theres a lot of IoT in specialty technologies whether it be automotive, power devices, image sensors, you kind of see all of that being  people in China trying to address that end demand. And so its not isolated to any one thing. Clearly the uptick in memory has outsized importance for Lams revenue and basically we watch very closely what happens especially in the NAND and DRAM areas. But really our outlook and the $2 billion to $3 billion increase that Doug talked about in 2020 is pretty broad based across quite a number of customers.
Joseph Moore: Okay, great. And then you guys have talked about kind of a $70 billion five-year WFE for NAND kind of keeping us on a historic supply growth trajectory. Is that still kind of the right ballpark? And we would seem to be quite a bit lower than that right now. Is that still kind of the right framework for thinking about what WFE ought to be if we stay in a historical demand context?
Tim Archer: Yes. Thats still the way we look at it. And our comment as you just said we were quite a bit below that at this point, that was part of our commentary as I said through last year we were actually under investing for long-term demand. That long-term demand is what establishes our $70 billion five-year investment. And even this year as we see a strong uptick in NAND, we still as we said expect ourselves to enter the year maybe slightly still below the long-term demand rate.
Joseph Moore: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much and congrats also. Maybe, Doug, first in terms of being an installed base business and the growth you are seeing there and the sustainability of that growth, can you just give a little bit of color of how youve seen maybe over the last few years and going forward how the business has kind of transitioned from I guess the transactional break and fix type of business to more of a contract base which gives you a better visibility into the revenue and cash flow stream of that business?
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, Im actually going to redirect it to Tim because I think hell give you a more comprehensive answer than I would.
Tim Archer: Yes, Doug can certainly add something there, but I think we have seen that transition and its not just something thats happened to us. Its been a strategy weve been driving to try to make this business less transactional and much more value add and also much more long term. And I talked in my script about one way in which we do it. You transition the transactional to longer term through multiyear contracts. Even there youre able to help the customer control their costs in a much more predictable way and that gives us better visibility going forward, makes the business a little less transactional. But I think the biggest way that weve transitioned this business from transactional to strategic is really through our focus on new products in the portfolio of services and upgrades that allow the customer to change the cost profile of running their install base. And so in that way you can make this much more strategic. I talked about the Corvus R technology, the self-maintaining tool where the system itself replaces some of its consumable parts rather than having to have technicians going and do that work. When we engineer that type of new upgrade, we then would create for yourself an entire new SAM within your installed base. And now as customers recognize the value of that automated replacement system, they go and they upgrade to all of those older tools that are in the installed base, and it creates another source of ongoing revenue for us. And in the meantime were looking for that next upgrade to engineer and offer to the customers. And so I think its becoming much more of a product and strategically focused business. It just happens that its targeted market is the installed base weve already shipped.
Patrick Ho: Great, thats helpful. And maybe as my follow-up question and maybe for Tim since you talked about it in your prepared remarks about the ALD market and the market expansion opportunity there. On top of the share gains youve made in that segment as well as the market growing particularly in the foundry/logic space, do you see additional applications at foundry and logic driving this growth or is there an opportunity for it to expand to other segments, like DRAM?
Tim Archer: Yes, it already is expanding into other markets. The only difference being again with ALD youre essentially creating a deposition technology, a platform and thats one thing that Lam is very good at is were creating high-productivity platforms. And then we expand the portfolio of films that we can deposit and that creates more application opportunities for us. As I talked about oxides and carbides, there are other films that are also being developed same time. And I think that ultimately every device type reaches a point where it needs to do some level of atomic layer processing. And so the long term I think this is just where the technology is going and thats why you see ALD starting to replace, as I said, some older process alternatives for certain steps.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo.
Joe Quatrochi: Congrats on the results. I was curious on the NAND flash side. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the amount of clean room space that you see across the industry today thats empty. And then how do you think about just the industrys kind of use on filling it versus past cycles?
Doug Bettinger: Joe, are you still there? Sorry, you broke up at the end. Okay. Theres plenty of space out there in the industry for sure across all of the customer base. And so what I always say is  in fact I think I dont know a quarter or two ago we talked about the fact that we were tracking double-digit number of new fabs in 2019. I think the numbers probably about the same in 2020, a lot of those being memory fabs. The thing to understand with our customers is building the shell is  its a cheap call option on the future, right. It doesnt mean were going to equip it tomorrow, but it does indicate to you a long-term intention. And then they buy equipment when they really need the output. Thats where the real money and capital gets deployed. But theres plenty of clean room space out there.
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess the only thing Id add. I thought perhaps you were going to ask about the importance of clean room space and I was going to be able to tell you that thats one of the things that we focus on. You might have understood in the past from past commentary that a benefit of some of our products, like the Strata and why its popular within the NAND market is the number of wafers that we output from that tool per square meter of fab space that consumed is actually the best in the industry. Thats an important metric. Even when Doug says theres lots of fab space, which I certainly agree with, how they use it is always important to the customer. And so again as we think through platform, design and launching new tools what we call footprint density or throughput density is really one of the key metrics that we focus on.
Joe Quatrochi: Thats helpful. Thank you. And then just back on the services side, given that we should start to see I would think an acceleration in the growth of your installed base this year with just a rebound in memory demand, is it fair to us to think about accelerating year-over-year revenue growth for that business in 2020?
Doug Bettinger: Joe, the way I generally think about it is the chambers ship and then they monetize over a period of time after they ship. And so the fact that you saw chambers grow in 2019, thats a good indicator of whats going to drive growth in 2020. Thats how I generally think about it. Theres a little bit of a lag to it after the chamber count, which is why historically weve given you a chamber count number one time a year at the end of the year.
Joe Quatrochi: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. All the good ones have already been asked. Just a quick follow up for Doug. How should I think about OpEx just roughly beyond the March quarter?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I kind of answered that already. I kind of didnt answer it in how I answered it. But what I said was that Ill give you a new financial model in March. And what I said is over the last several years the same management team is here thats been around the company for a while. We like to see revenue grow faster than we want to let spending grow so that we deliver some leverage to the bottom line. Thats still very much how we think about it.
Mehdi Hosseini: But your March quarter shows a typical seasonal uptick and I know we got to wait until March 3, but as we model this kind of fine tune our estimate, should I think of your OpEx remaining at the minimum at the same level? Its not going to just be a one-time event.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thats probably not an unreasonable way to be thinking about it for now, Mehdi.
Mehdi Hosseini: Good. Very reasonable answer. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you, Mehdi.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I think the majority has been answered, but I just want to clarify maybe two small things. So number one is the comments on DRAM, so it sounds like thats going to be up year-over-year for 2020? I just want to make sure thats right and there wasnt anything to read between there? And then secondly, I dont expect numbers from this, but is the message that you guys believe youre going to gain more share in NAND relative to the other markets in '20?
Doug Bettinger: Ill take the first one and then Ill let Tim comment on the share. I dont really see when I look at the WFE, the color that we just gave you, a real recovery in NAND I wouldnt describe it that way  sorry, in DRAM. But clearly in NAND, yes. Foundry and logic continue to be strong. DRAM is kind of push in plus or minus. And what we see happening is theres still a little bit of inventory out in the channel. Its got to get burned off. And at some point you cant continue to sustain supply growth below where demand growth is. And when we look at DRAM bit growth, we think supply growth in 2020 is below demand growth.
Tim Archer: And I think a little bit longer term and also relative to clearing the inventory. Weve been very encouraged by comments weve heard about what we understand are drivers for DRAM; the growth in the server market, the introduction of 5G where youre seeing pretty substantial step up in terms of DRAM content per handset. And so its  and I think Doug said this in the past, but even for DRAM a little bit more matter of when, not if. So I think its just  right now we have, as you said, maybe about a push for the outlook that we have just given you.
Doug Bettinger: Your comment about NAND, I guess when we think about share or share of total spend, one of the things weve talked about is the strength for us in NAND obviously is that we are  and our tools are key enablers of building taller and taller NAND stacks. And as those stacks increase, our share of total WFE continues to increase. And so given that year-on-year we continue to see a greater portion of spend being spent on taller NAND devices, our share of total spend will increase.
Mitch Steves: Okay, thanks. Perfect. Just really a small one if I could. What was just like a dollar impact to the virus that you guys are taking out of the Q1 just to get an idea?
Doug Bettinger: Im not going to describe those specific dollars. It was an amount that we think is consistent with what were hearing from customers and suppliers.
Mitch Steves: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. One near-term question, one longer-term question. On the near-term question, given the travel restrictions in China around the coronavirus outbreak, can you guys say are you guys having difficulty accessing some of the fabs either in the installed base business or delivering new tools or is it still somewhat business as usual and you have access to service the tools in the fab and youre able to deliver tools here in the near term?
Tim Archer: I think very specifically I think most people are aware of the travel restrictions have been placed on travel in and out of Wuhan. And so obviously you cant travel into that area where there are some customers located. But in general I think that as Doug said, were moving to the Lunar New Year which now has been extended and got abundance of caution Lam is also implemented travel restrictions for our people to kind of business critical situations only. And I think from the standpoint of impact and the way weve looked at it is there could be delays of a few weeks in supply chain or shipments to customers and we dont see that as any real change though to the demand picture that weve outlined and therefore were really talking about just hopefully seeing this normalize over the next few weeks.
Quinn Bolton: Okay, thats helpful color. And then the longer-term question is your 2020 WFE forecast I think is higher than probably what many of us were thinking. I guess as I look out to 2021, it sounds like DRAM is not part of the 2020 forecast. Do you think 2021 WFE can continue to trend higher if that DRAM spending comes back?
Doug Bettinger: You know were not going to answer that. Even I dont know what '21 is. When I think about it though, the long-term growth drivers are totally intact. Weve been talking about this for years, right. You got data exploding in society. You got crowd and hyperscale, the Big 7 what have you investing in more in equipment this year, thats good. Youve got 5G on the come line, thats good. Youve got density growing there in every phone. So the long term is really very positive for the industry and our position in the industry enabling it we feel really good about where were sitting.
Quinn Bolton: Thank you.
Tina Correia: Okay, operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Okay. Our last question comes from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. My first question is on the memory spending this year. If things stay out the way you think, are you thinking that NAND CapEx will still be below that $70 billion run rate? I know you said that you waited [ph] below the 40% bit supply in growth. I guess in a way Im trying to parse out that $8 billion to $10 billion increase in WFE you guys are forecasting.
Doug Bettinger: Sidney, you know we never give you segment by segment WFE numbers and Im not going to now. It is going to grow this year. And as Time described, we think bit growth in NAND is in the first half anyway below where long-term demand is and probably exiting the year its getting closer to being in balance. But we still think its below where demand growth is. Im going to leave it at that.
Sidney Ho: Okay. How about DRAM bit supply growth exiting the year if there is  to your point if there is  DRAM CapEx being a push?
Doug Bettinger: DRAM bit was also I think as we said would undergo long-term demand this year.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Maybe a longer-term question, with the share gains you have in foundry and logic this year and I think it was as high as 48% of the total revenue last year. How should we think about your exposure between foundry and logic and memory through the next cycle? I think versus maybe last five years, memory was averaging like close to 70% sales.
Doug Bettinger: Weve got nice trajectory rather than whats going on in foundry and logic. We had a really strong December quarter, record level in foundry. I expect our share of WFE in both foundry and logic to continue to be very strong. Im not going to pinpoint exactly what it is versus memory because were very strong in memory as well. I feel really good about where were positioned, Ill just put it that way.
Tim Archer: Well, I think the simplest way to think about it, as a company our objective is to improve our revenue share of WFE across all segments.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Sidney.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Id like to turn it back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Tina Correia: We just want to thank everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays teleconference and you may now disconnect. Please enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the September 2019 Quarter Financial Call for Lam Research. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Tina Correia: Thank you, operator. Thank you and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the September 2019 quarter and our outlook for the December 2019 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factors disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 P.M. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, let me hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina, and welcome everyone. In the September quarter, Lam delivered solid results. Our continued execution to commitments, combined with our guidance for the December quarter increases our conviction that Lam is in a strong position to outperform as wafer fabrication equipment spending inflects higher. Doug will cover the financial results in more detail shortly, but Im especially pleased with the demonstrated earnings power of the Company. At the midpoint of our December guide, calendar year 2019 diluted earnings per share will be the second highest in our history despite the current industry cycle. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our customers and partners for their continued support of Lam and our employees throughout the world for their contributions to these results. From an industry perspective, we have revised upward our view on 2019 WFE to the mid $40 billion range versus our prior estimate of down mid-to-high teens percentage year on year, which implied a low $40 billion level of spending. We are beginning to see improvement in the memory market, led first by NAND. NANDs demand dynamics are improving and oversupply conditions should continue to abate as we move through the December quarter. We expect to exit 2019 with a bit supply growth rate for NAND of approximately 30%, which is well below our view on long-term demand; and as a result, NAND inventories are expected to decline to normalized levels in the first half of calendar 2020. While the timing of the memory equipment spending recovery is always hard to predict, we are encouraged that customers continue to manage supply growth even as we are starting to see favorable end-market demand indicators. This is a sign of a healthy industry and a good setup for increased NAND spending in 2020. On the DRAM front, inventories have remain elevated, and we do not expect them to reach normalized levels until the second half of 2020. However, we see positive demand catalyst ahead in both the server and smartphone markets. Our server CPU upgrade cycle is expected to begin next year with increased adoption of new generation platforms from leading manufacturers. For smartphones, major vendors are planning to launch additional 5G models which is expected to drive content growth for the overall smartphone market in 2020. Turning to foundry and logic, spending in this segment has been strong throughout 2019 and based on recent customer commentary, looks to remain so heading into next year. Diverse end market applications are driving higher levels of foundry and logic spending, moreover, challenges in scaling functional block such as SRAM and logic devices are leading to increases in die sizes and these in turn are accelerating changes in device architectures and chip manufacturing technologies. Lam's growing position with key foundry and logic customers has positioned us to incrementally benefit from these secular trends. Competitively, we are executing at a high level. Based on the midpoint of our December guidance, Lam's 2019 foundry and logic revenues are set to significantly outgrow announced customer CapEx plans. The share gains we are now seeing in the foundry and logic segment are the result of close customer collaboration and strong product execution over many years and multiple technology transitions. They are evidence of the benefit of sustained investment in R&D throughout industry cycles. Looking at the market as a whole including memory, foundry, and logic, we are on track in 2019 to deliver our best ever penetration and defense performance, as measured by net forward-looking, three-year revenue opportunity for application decisions made in this calendar year. A key contributor to our strong penetration and defense performance has been continued focus on technologies that enable 3D device architectures, which are becoming increasingly important to performance and cost scaling across all market segments. We invested early in 2D to 3D inflections; and as these transitions are occurring, we are seeing expansion in both our SAM and market share. Etch and deposition processes are critical enablers for 3D scaling, and we are investing aggressively to deliver the technology and productivity innovation required to satisfy customer roadmaps. As evidenced by our penetration and defense wins this year, we believe we are extending Lam's leadership in this space. In 3D NAND, we're successfully defended 100% of our memory whole dielectric etch positions and continue to be the supplier for this application at all 3D NAND manufacturers. We are also winning 3D NAND applications where productivity is the primary point of differentiation. Notably, Lam has been the first to deliver production proven edge-yield solutions for etch. In this quarter, we used our Corvus tunable edge hardware on our flex dielectric etch system to improve profile tilt uniformity and win an important productivity sensitive slit etch application. On the conductor etch front, we won a 3D NAND application for a new vertical architecture that reduces die size and is a technical solution for lowering bit cost. In deposition, we recorded an important 3D NAND win for the VECTOR DT, which deposits backside films to control stress as layer counts increase. Another significant deposition win was for our Striker ALD tool used to deposit high quality liners and gapfill as aspect ratios get higher. We also continue to extend our 3D expertise and position outside of the 3D NAND space, including in rapidly growing markets such as advanced packaging and heterogeneous integration. Over the last three years, the installed base for our SABRE 3D electroplating system has grown by more than 70%, and we are the leading electroplating supplier for TSV, for DRAM, CMOS image sensor, and logic devices. Our SABRE 3D electroplating solutions embed best-in-class technology backed by years of high-volume production experience. With each successive win across our served markets, the installed base of Lam equipment continues to grow, resulting in an expanding long-term revenue opportunity for our customer support business. To create value for customers over the entire lifecycle of tool ownership, we are actively developing upgrades and advanced services targeted at extending technical capability and increasing productivity from existing installed base assets. These offerings help our customers reduce their total cost; and as a result, we continue to see growing demand. Revenues from our customer support business grew in the September quarter on a sequential basis and our Reliant business achieved record quarterly revenue for the third quarter in a row. We expect 2019 overall will be another growth year for our customer support business. Looking at our year-to-date performance, we have made tremendous progress against our objectives of expanding our SAM, increasing our market share, and building our installed base business. Importantly, 2019 has been a year where Lam has strengthened its position in the foundry and logic segment. Also, with early indications of improving NAND demand and positive catalyst on the horizon for DRAM, we are increasingly optimistic the calendar year 2020 is setting up to be a year of outperformance for Lam as spending mix moves back in our favor. Thanks again for joining today and now here's Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay, great. Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today on what I know is a busy earnings season. We're pleased with Lam's performance in the September quarter. Our results once again exceeded the midpoint of guidance for all financial metrics. Operating income and diluted earnings per share came in at the high-end of our guidance range as we remain prudent in managing our spending throughout the quarter. Let me begin as I always do by talking about our revenue segmentation in the September quarter. The combined memory segment was flat with the June quarter at 64% of total systems revenue. We had a decrease in the September quarter in the nonvolatile memory segment, moving from 46% to 38%, while DRAM increased from 26% from 18% of assistant revenue. Spending in the NAND segment was focused on multiple nodes and we're beginning to see the first ramp of 128 layer structures. On the DRAM side, apart from the 1x and 1y nodes, we're seeing initial investments at 1z. As I noted on our last quarter earnings call, foundry and logic spending was strong and we expect strength from this segment to continue to the remainder of the calendar year. The foundry segment represented 25% of our systems revenue in the quarter. Strength in this segment is related to spending on the 7 and 5 nanometer nodes. Logic another segment was down slightly from the prior quarter level coming in at 11% of system revenue. We continue to demonstrate strong progress in the foundry and logic segments, enabling us to maintain solid profitability levels during a period of depressed memory spending. I believe probably foundry logic spending will be even stronger in December. Revenues for the quarter came in at $2,166 million which was again above the midpoint of guidance. Our revenue had a slightly broader geographic mix in the September quarter, compared to the June quarter. Our top reasons continue to be China, Korea and Taiwan. The China region quarter performance remains higher than our historic average concentration of revenue. And similar to what I talked about last quarter, the majority of this came from indigenous Chinese customers across multiple segments. Gross margin came in at 45.4% which was 40 basis points above the midpoint, mainly due to customer mix. And as we stated in prior quarters, you should expect gross margins to be a function of several factors such as business volumes, product mix and customer concentration, and we expect to see variability quarter to quarter. We continued manager spending levels in the Company as operating expenses in the September quarter declined to $431 million which was down from $450 million in previous quarter. We remain laser focused on investing in research and development programs, as we saw the percentage of spending and R&D increased quarter-over-quarter to 67% of operating expenses. The December quarter the guidance reflects total spending, increasing back to the June level, primarily due to an increase in variable compensation expense. A variable compensation fluctuates based on the level of quarterly profitability. I'm going to also remind you that as we look ahead to the 2020 calendar year, you will see the normal seasonal spending increases related to the March quarter, comes from things like payroll taxes. Operating income in the September quarter was $552 million and operating margin was 25.5%, at the top of our guidance range. Our September quarter non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 11% which was slightly lower than our long term rate. There will be fluctuations in the rate from quarter to quarter and we now expect our long term rate to be in the low teens level. Other income and expense was a total of approximately $11 million in expense in the September quarter. The main components of other income and expense our interest income from the cash and investment balances we hold, offset by expense related to our outstanding debt. The total interest expense and all tranches of our debt is right now about $41 million per quarter. You should expect that other income and expense will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, based on several market related items such as; our deferred compensation assets, venture capital investments and foreign exchange. We continue to execute on our capital return program during the September quarter. We allocated $234 million to capital return in the quarter with $75 million related to open market share repurchases and $159 million in dividends. I would like to remind you that we continue to have an ongoing structured repurchase program that is expected to mature in the December quarter. This will continue to reduce our share count. We remain on track with our committed capital return. We currently have approximately $3 billion remaining in our Board authorized share repurchase program. Diluted earnings per share came in at $3.18, which was at the high end of the guidance range that we provided for September. We ended the September quarter with diluted shares for earnings per share at approximately 151 million shares, which is the seventh consecutive quarter where our diluted share count has declined. The share count includes a dilutive impact of approximately 5 million shares from the 2041 convertible notes. And I'll remind you the dilution schedules for the remaining 2041 convertible notes is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. Let me now switch to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, increased slightly in the September quarter to $5.8 billion from $5.7 billion in the June quarter. Cash flows from operations were $464 million, which was offset by share repurchase and dividends. Year-to-date in calendar year 2019, we have had strong cash from operations performance and we're on track to end this year with the second highest level of free cash flows in the Company's history. DSO increased to 69 days versus 56 in the prior quarter. The DSO increase is related to the timing of customer payments occurring at the end of the September calendar month, which falls within our December fiscal quarter. Our inventory balance declined sequentially by $57 million, which is the fifth consecutive quarter where inventory balance decline. Inventory turns were 3.2 turns, which was just a little bit less than the 3.3 turns that we saw in the June quarter. Non-cash expenses included approximately $43 million for equity compensation, $49 million for depreciation and $16 million for amortization. September quarter capital expenditures came in at $39 million, which was a decrease from $66 million in the June quarter. Our September quarter-end headcount was flat with the prior quarter at approximately 10,700 regular full-time employees. So now looking ahead I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the December 2019 quarter. We are expecting revenue of $2,500 million, plus or minus $150 million. Gross margin of 45% plus or minus 1 percentage point, operating margins of 27% plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $3.80 plus or minus $0.20 based on a share count of approximately 150 million shares. I'm pleased to share with you the results we've delivered throughout calendar year 2019 and what has been a challenging industry environment. As Tim noted the supply demand environment is improving for the memory segments and we've made good progress in our foundry and logic positioning. Our installed base business continues to be on track to deliver a growth year in 2019. We're well positioned heading into 2020 and are optimistic about our future performance going forward. Finally, I'd like to announce our plans to host an Investor Day on March 3rd, 2020 in New York City. Details on the venue and precise time will be forthcoming. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Question on the WFE, Tim, you mentioned WFE going from low $40 billion to mid $40 billion. I wanted to understand if the majority of the increase has come from the foundry/logic segment in terms of the revised outlook?
Tim Archer: Maybe a few modifications, I mean, clearly, as we've said, we've continued to see strengthening in foundry and logic. So that is a portion of it. The -- some very early indications of NAND spending increase as we have now guided for December quarter. And finally, continuing strengthening in the China WFE as we've, kind of, seen increased strength throughout the year. So a combination of all those things, lead to our upward revision in WFE.
Atif Malik: Okay. And then a follow-up in your prepared remarks, you mentioned foundry/logic share gains above foundry/logic CapEx this year. How should we think about the outperformance of your foundry/logic business into next year and out given theres some of the elements like reuse and growing EUV steps?
Tim Archer: Well, that's a great question, we basically -- as we have said on a number of occasions, the intensity of etch and deposition we see continuing to increase at every technology node. Our SAM grows, whether it'd be 10 to seven to five to three on into the future. SAM increases even in the face of EUV increased usage. And there's a number of reasons for that; patterning complexity continues to increase regardless of the introduction of EUV, and so there are additional steps for deposition and etch. EUV itself introduces new requirements for hardmask, which gives Lam opportunity to participate from a deposition perspective. And EUV also, we have talked about in the past introduces opportunities for new steps like and processes like atomic layer etching that can be used to help increase quality and productivity of the EUV pattern itself. So, I think the way you should think about it is our SAM is expanding, competitively our -- we're gaining share at some of these new layers, and we feel we're well setup in both the foundry and logic space going forward as technology transitions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, if we look back through to 2018, it looks like your share of wallet for WFE with NAND is roughly 30%. So curious as you think about moving to a rising layer count and your leadership in the high aspect ratio etch, and the just announced deposition wins on the call tonight, how should we think about your share of wallet as we go to 128 layer and above into 2020?
Tim Archer: Our SAM as a percentage of customer spend continues to increase with layer count, and that's for two reasons; one, I mean obviously the simple fact of building and etching the higher stack, but also the fact that, as I mentioned there are new steps and new opportunities that get created for dealing with issues such as; in the VECTOR DT case the stress associated with those taller layer counts. So, I think that our view is SAM grows as layer count increases.
C.J. Muse: Thanks, Tim. And I guess as a follow up, Doug, I'm not sure if you spoke to the entirety of installed base revenues, but did they grow sequentially in September? And how should we think about the trend? Or what should we kind of model it to into 2020?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. C.J., I think, Tim, actually mentioned in his prepared remarks that they did grow sequentially and it was the third consecutive record quarter for the Reliant component of that business. I'm not going to quantify next year yet, a little bit too soon. But what we said in the past and I can continue to be very comfortable saying today is, I have a hard time envisioning a year when the installed base business doesn't grow, it should grow every single year because chamber count grows every year, it's growing this year, even in a depressed memory spending environment, and we continue to bring new advanced service offerings to market that we hope enable us to achieve more and more of the customer's OpEx spend. So that's how you should be thinking about that C.J.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: This is the second quarter in a row of the heavier China domestic mix. Do you guys anticipate this bias to continue into the December quarter and into next year and similar to my question last time? Is this in your view a focused effort by China to accelerate their semiconductor manufacturing capabilities, given the trade tensions with the U.S. or more your China customers just having more confidence to move forward with their early memory and foundry programs?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, what Ive tried to describe in fact, I tried to foreshadow it last quarter in earnings that this is above normal run rate of local Chinese customers spend. But Tim did point out in his remarks that some of the strengthening in WFE came from local China, probably now and nominally somewhat about $6 billion in WFE. And as we look into next year, we absolutely think it will grow again next year, but it will ebb and flow, it will -- these big projects can be lumpy at times, and it will go up and it will go down depending on when equipment ships into any one fab project. Tim, do you want to add anything?
Tim Archer: Yes, I think that -- as I commented, we've seen strengthening in domestic China spend through the year, anticipate that continuing and maybe the most important part of that story for Lam is that clearly a big portion of the new incremental spending in China is targeted toward the memory market. And obviously our SAM, and our share in the memory space is quite good, so from that perspective we see China as an area of strength for us.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, I forgot the one part of your question you asked, do we think anything pulled in? Actually really don't, I don't think it would make sense that they would be pulling things in sooner and because if you're concerned about our inability to ship being the reason they pulled in, then they can get spares and service from us, they can't actually really utilize the tools very well. So I don't believe that there was pull-ons really do anything like that.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you. Thank you for the insights there. And the team continues its strong design win momentum on non-critical and/or legacy technology node. As part of it, as you pointed out is the Reliant systems products continue to do well. We continue to hear from your customers that they're laser focused on productivity throughput, uptime, footprint all of the things that impact overall wafer costs. Are you guys now in a position to at least give us some sense on how fast the non-critical/refurbished business systems -- business is growing? And roughly the size of this business relative to your total revenue base?
Tim Archer: Maybe you have to wait till Investor Day for that. No, we do plan -- we do -- we have promised for some time now to provide you more detail in those areas and we're just, we will do that. I think maybe a couple of points, your comment about customers being laser focused on productivity? I mean, it's one of the reasons why we have been talking about it, it takes some time for those products for our efforts to really start to show up in new wins. But you know we're starting to see in this area that Doug talked about in advanced services, where some of these intelligent database tools are really starting to help us reduce, for instance troubleshooting time on the systems, reduced unscheduled downs on the systems and those are things that the customers are pulling hard for because again it's productivity for tools that are already in place and relatively easy to implement. So we are prioritizing productivity, because it's in the best interest of the customer and the industry as a whole.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear now from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks, let me ask the question. Congratulations on the strong results. Tim, I just want to go back to the market opportunity in logic/foundry for you. If you kind of look at calendar year-to-date that business combined for you was up somewhere between 30% to 40% year-over-year? I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of how we think about your market position, maybe in North America as we see 14 go to 10 go to seven and maybe in Taiwan as we see seven go to five go to three, can you talk a little bit about how much visibility you have on product tool of record on some of these critical etch and deposition steps? And how we might think about your share opportunity as we migrate down these nodes?
Tim Archer: Sure, I can do that without quite getting as specific as North America, Taiwan on those notes. So maybe I'll point you just a couple of comments, I made and then embellish there was a little bit, you know, as I said it within the logic and foundry space, it takes many years to establish yourself as the first -- the development tool of record. And then ultimately see that rollout into volume buys is the production tool of record. And so when we talk about I gave -- we gave a little bit of a new look into this penetration and defense. Forward-looking three-year revenue opportunity statement, that is designed to give some indication as to how long it takes from the time we win one of those selection decisions and you'll see that revenue opportunity will take place over those following three years, that's definitely true in the foundry and logic space. And so I think that when we talk about improving opportunity at 10 and then seven and then five, you know, you can kind of look out and say, if you're like a 5-nanometer decision is revenue opportunities that now we're roll in over the course of the next several years. So that may not be quite the level of specificity you wanted, but it basically says things that we are winning now will actually be our revenue for the next three years plus in that space.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, Doug, you mentioned in your prepared comments, you still have about $3 billion left on the buyback, and I apologize in capital allocation call, but this most recent quarter, the buybacks dipped down a little bit, which I guess is understandable, just given the level of uncertainty. Any color you can give us around the pace at which you might want to try to execute buybacks going forward? And how we should think about, kind of, just remind us again the cash return policy you're trying to hit?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, John, I mean, one thing I would point out to you and if you look over the last two years, you will have seen several quarters where the cash we actually deployed moved down somewhat. That was because in the quarter before that we put one of these accelerated share repurchase programs in place. You have the same phenomenon going on this quarter. So even though the cash that we deployed in terms of open market repurchases wasn't all that significant this quarter, that ASR was still executing buying stock back, and that ASR that's currently out there will complete in the December quarter. So we'll be thinking about what we're going to do incrementally as we go forward. So far, just remind you what we talked about and it's been a while now the last Analyst Day that we're committed to at least 50% of free cash flow returned to shareholders, and obviously if you look at our history, over the last five, six years, we've done a whole lot more than that. And I had went on the timing to complete the current authorization and I'm going to kind of remain that way. I've said in the past, we'll be opportunistic and that's as much as I have quite right now.
Operator: Thank you, we'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I guess my first question, Doug is can you help us a little bit with the mix in December. I'm curious, if the uptick in revenue is going to be more on the NAND side and more on the foundry side? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, what I said, Tim in my remarks, was I expect December will continue to be pretty strong with foundry and logic quarter. So that's a key piece of what's going on.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, awesome. And then I just wanted to -- I just wanted to drill down a little bit into the China piece. So China is about 25% of your revenues now on the trailing 12-month basis. So I guess, I'm curious how much of this is going into indigenous projects versus the multinationals. Because I thought you said China was about $5 billion of 2018 WFE, and I think at that time, you were talking about $3 billion of that $5 billion being domestic China. And I think you just said that China is going to be over $6 this year. So, can you sort of like level set us on how much of that $6 this year will be multi-versus domestic and maybe how much domestic can even grow next year? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, let me walk it back for you a little, Tim, because some things have moved around a little bit. When I look at what happened last year, local China ended up being I don't know $4.5 billion of WFE roughly. So it ended up being maybe a little bit more than that for that we have been talking about and the way we see it today, it's above $6, it's somewhat above $6. I don't know for sure what next year is going to look like. But as we look at our analytics in the fab projects that are coming in and whatnot, I do see pretty strongly believe it will grow next year. I'm not ready to tell you how much yet. We'll give you more clarity on our WFE view for next year on the next earnings call. But I think local China will continue to grow next year.
Timothy Arcuri: And, Doug just to clarify those numbers are local China numbers right?
Doug Bettinger: That's right, Tim. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Yes. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. Tim, you talked about early signs of a recovery in NAND in your prepared remarks. And Doug, you just mentioned that most of the growth or at least implicitly, I think you commented that most of the growth in December quarter should be coming from foundry and logic? So should we expect some of the NAND projects that we're all collectively hearing about should hit the March quarter from a rev rec perspective?
Tim Archer: Yes, it's maybe there is not such a big change here from what we've said. We -- you know, ever since beginning of the year, we said that memory spending would likely remain relatively weak throughout the year. And when I talked about early signs, it is the -- it's very early is in there, we're now starting to see some of those projects transpire as you just talked about, meaning a little bit of ordering occurring in the December quarter, but we still maintain our view that we exit the year with this 30% bit supply growth rate and that customers are prudently managing the supply growth, but I do think those projects, you know, it's kind of that early signs, it's a healthy industry and we're going to see growth in 2020. So exact timing, we really don't want to give you that right now, but it's -- it looks to be coming.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as a follow-up, I just wanted to hit the logic and foundry opportunity dynamic into 2020. Obviously, you guys have done a great job over the past couple of years and gaining share in both buckets. If we assume that spending in logic and foundry is largely flat in 2020, and if you assume EUV adoption continues to grow. Based on what you guys know from a design win or application win perspective, can you still grow logic and foundry revenues in that sort of environment backdrop? Thanks.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question and the answer is yes, we would expect to grow in that scenario, based on a couple of things; one, as you move forward, even on the same WFE, our SAM as a percent of that WFE should increase as transition still continued to occur to more advanced nodes. Etch and deposition opportunity increases at each successive technology node, even in the face of EUV. So I think in the scenario described, we would expect to have a larger opportunity and we do believe that we're winning share as well and therefore we would grow.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear now from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had two of them; first one for either Tim or Doug. More a industry focused question you spoke about how NAND bit growth exiting this year is going to be 30%, kind of, curious like ask your customers start ramping 128 layer NAND, if next year demand bit growth is below 30%. Do you still expect the 120 layers spending to go through next year, because it's more strategic, low cost in nature? Or do you think it might get throttle back if demand bit growth is slower?
Doug Bettinger: Maybe I'll take and then Tim you can add-on. I mean, Krish what -- one I don't think that's what's going to happen. But we're that to be what happened, I think you would see a year that looked something like this year in that most of the industry spending was allocated to node conversions as opposed to new capacity adds, because that lowers cost per bit, the economics are better and all of that. The other thing I would say, and then I'll let Tim add-on. When we look into early next year, I believe supply growth rate will continue to decline based on the investment set have occurred this year, right? Because they have reduced this year and so you're moving into a declining rate of growth, as we look into the first half of next year. Tim, anything you want to add?
Tim Archer: Yes, I think just to reiterate Doug's point, I mean, technology transitions we think occur every year, simply because of the benefit to bit cost. And so, I guess, I would say that in any year, which is not our view of declining supply growth we would still see the majority of the spend in technology transitions. And I guess there is one other key point to think about, we've mentioned this a few times in a technology transition from say 96 layers to 128 layers, the majority of that spend is for etch and deposition. So there's definitely an outperformance statement there, if spend continues to be based just on technology transitions.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. That's very helpful. And then as a follow-up, I think, Tim in your prepared comments you spoke about how you guys are successfully defended 100% dielectric etch market share. I'm kind of curious on the NAND side, is that a fair enough statement, if you look past 128 layer higher than 128 layer DTOR tools or is it more up to 128 layers?
Tim Archer: Well, in our statement is always as those decisions are made. So we always speak about accomplishing made. So I don't know if any decisions have been made well beyond the 128 layer node. So we -- it's obviously something that we compete for it every node. But, I guess what I'd point out is there is a very important piece of learning that has come from us running now millions of wafers through our dielectric etch tools. And there was a question earlier about, productivity, reliability, stability, defect performance. Those are all things that again we have millions and millions of wafers of experience. And so kind of come in with an edge every node that you have to compete for as the incumbent. So that -- but specifically, I think, you could bucket most of those in that 128 nanometer and below node since their decisions already made.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. And also congrats on a really nice quarter, maybe, Tim, first, a lot of the market questions have been answered on my end. But as you look at next generation memory technologies like MRAM, ReRAM. Can you just give a -- maybe a qualitative view of how Lam is positioning itself to capitalize on those next generation opportunities?
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess maybe the simpler statement that I make inside the Company is we're not running from our leadership position in memory, and that includes in these new emerging memory markets. And so we're actively looking to develop new applications, new tools that meet the needs of those devices. We've spoken about, one of them in particular so far this year, which is the ion beam edge tool, that's used for MRAM and we have established a very strong position for that particular application, phase-change memory ReRAM, there are other devices we are actively engaged in development with the leading companies. So it is a target market for us, in fact, one might argue that we feel we, sort of, we already sort of own that memory space and I think it's our focus.
Doug Bettinger: It's Dough. Just to add-on, if you really want more detail you can go look at the transcript of the Flash Memory Summit, where Tim and Rick Gottscho spent lots of time talking about how we view these emerging memory architectures.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thanks, Doug. And maybe as my follow-up question, you talked a little bit about your atomic layer deposition opportunity. I guess from a big picture perspective, how do you see the total available market for you in that? And do you see it expanding from where -- it looks like you have a strong position on the memory side of thing. Can this also expand onto the foundry/logic side of things?
Tim Archer: So we'd already has expanded, I mean, ALD is not memory specific. So we use these films also on the logic and foundry side. ALD atomic layer etching and atomic layer deposition and atomic layer etching, these are technologies that will continue to be increasingly used as devices become smaller and smaller and structures become more complex. So I think it's an expanding market opportunity, and in fact I think in coming years, you'll start to see inflections for instance from batch processing tools to single wafer ALD just again for the type of wafer uniformity and requirements of those processes going forward. So it's an area where we're growing and we feel confident about our development activities in the tools themselves.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear now from Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR.
Craig Ellis: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Tim, I wanted to follow-up on the comments that you made that calendar '20 to be a year of outperformance for Lam. Can you just help us understand how much of that comes from moving deeper into the sweet spot of the foundry/logic share gain that you've been talking about versus help that you would get from what appears to be a nice and very encouraging upturn that's starting to occur in NAND or maybe something else like SAM expansion?
Tim Archer: Yes, I think for us to give you more detail on the break out on that you'll have to wait until we actually speak to our 2020 WFE outlook next quarter. But you kind of hit it, I mean, we -- the way I think about outperformance in 2020, it's just what you said. First and foremost you -- everyone knows that we are highly leveraged to the memory market, and we do believe that spending mix moves back in our favor next year. And even in the face of stronger and continuing strength in logic and foundry memory will improve to some extent. We've strengthened our logic and foundry SAM opportunity, as well as share position and so that's a continued benefit as logic and foundry remain strong. And also as Doug mentioned CSBG continues to grow as we expand our portfolio of advanced services in that space. And so can break it out for you, how much each of those contributes, but each of them is important part of the story in 2020.
Craig Ellis: Thanks, Tim. And then I'll do the follow-up to Doug. Doug impressive trough-to-trough operating margin improvement of about 300 basis points. And within that there is dramatic improvement with operating expense as a percentage of sales. And as you noted, there's been significant mix shift R&D. The question is how much further benefit is there in the model for increased operating leverage? And how much room do you have to further drive expense toward R&D from SG&A?
Doug Bettinger: It's something we've been working on for years, I mean, Tim was driving those on years ago, honestly in rest of companies rally behind it. We're going to keep squeeze in efficiency out every SG&A dollar we spend. We want to be totally rigorous about that. So that we can allocate more of those dollars to R&D, I think that 60%, 70% last quarter might be an all-time high for the Company. I haven't gone all the way back, but in my recent memory that was an all-time high. We're going to keep at that, we're going to continue to try to get better, we do this every words part of the culture of the Company to be focused on continuous improvement. I don't know how we can get it obviously, but we're going to keep working on it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear now from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. And I joined a little late, so I apologize if this was asked. But DRAM was quite strong in the quarter. And I'm wondering what caused that and how sustainable is that trend?
Tim Archer: When I look at it, it's primarily conversion spending. That's really what we've seen for the entire year is focused on node conversions, it will ebb and flow. The important thing when you think about DRAM is to understand when we look at similar to what we were describing NAND exiting the year below where we believe demand growth to be, you got a similar story in DRAM. As we look at the investments that are occurring in DRAM this year exiting the year supply growth is probably in the low teens. And we believe long-term demand growth is in high teens maybe approaching 20%. There is a ways to go, Vivek to continue to burn inventory out of the channel. I think that's going to take a little bit longer. But what I do know is at some point the inventory will be burned off and spending will grow more significantly. In quarter-by-quarter, it's just going to be dependent on what projects are under way at what customers.
Vivek Arya: Got it, very helpful. And then as a follow-up, kind of, looking at your cash flow generation, so fiscal '19 from what I noticed there was a lot of cash inflow from working capital that I'm looking at the model right. How should we think about the plus and minus from working capital this year? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: If you look at the first half of this year, Vivek -- calendar year again. I never really think too much in terms of fiscal calendar year. I mean we're -- cash was just super strong, I think we had two consecutive quarters around $900 million in operational cash flow and you're right. A lot of that came from working capital. Now what you normally see with the business when it's growing, it will consume working capital, meaning it will take cash to build inventory and receivables and so forth. When it levels off or contracts, it will generate cash and that's really what went on in the first half of the year. I mean, we managed cash quite proactively, but the practical reality of business ebb and flow was that's what happens. The right way to think about the free cash flow of the business is it's a couple of points below where operational cash flow should be on a sustainable basis. But it will ebb and flow around wherever read in the business cycle.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo.
Joe Lachky: Yes, thanks for taking the question. You talked about improvements and inventory that you've seen across the NAND flash. I was wondering, if you could talk about, to the extent you can, factory utilization rates and your installed base?
Tim Archer: It's hard for us actually to put our finger on exactly what utilizations are. I mean we saw it pulled back a little bit in both NAND and DRAM this year. And I think that was pretty well-telegraphed from our customers. But better -- it's a better question to put to them, we don't always know exactly what their utilizations are running at.
Joe Lachky: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe a follow-up to that. You talked about exiting this year at 30% supply growth, I mean, for NAND and maybe and potentially going lower than that next year on the first part of the year. I guess, the question is how do we think about the level of capacity expansion needed to hit kind of the -- I guess, expected demand growth for 2020?
Doug Bettinger: Tough question to answer Joe, to be honest. What's occurred this year and NAND largely has been conversions, maybe with a couple exceptions. But if you look at NAND, WFE through the year -- this year, but that's what was going on and you saw declining rate of supply growth such that as we exit the year obviously, we said 30% and I think long-term NAND growth is in the high '30s, maybe 40%. To have 40% supply growth, we need to be adding a few wafers every single year, and so it didn't happen quite so much this year and you've seen supply growth decline. I don't know if that helps you, but that's how I think about it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I really had two and most of them have been answered. But from a high level, I mean, do you guys talking about kind of a better market for memory in 2020. So when do you think we'll see capacity upgrades or is this all going to be technology upgrades? And then secondly, you guys gave a lot of color on NAND, but not so much in DRAM. So based on the commentary about server demand and kind of an increase in Q1, does that mean you guys think that -- that's going to be kind of the bottom or do you think that exiting the year, we're going to start to see supply demand balance for DRAM?
Tim Archer: Well, I think that what we've said about DRAM maybe just was that we think through the first half of next year. Inventory remains elevated and so it's really not, I guess our view at this point is DRAM maybe more of a second half story for next year. Obviously we'll give far more color as we develop our full 2020 outlook. It's just that NAND is much more upon us right now. Simply because the issues are being worked through more quickly as a result of the supply constraints that have been in place this year and maybe also the demand catalysts for NAND that are occurring right now.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And is a capacity upgrades at what time in 2020 is that like back half or do you think capacity upgrades will begin earlier than that?
Doug Bettinger: Mitch too soon for us to talk in any detail about 2020, hold off for one quarter we'll give you a little better visibility on it. It's still a little bit too far away for us to get into detail.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Correia for any additional or closing remarks.
Tina Correia: Just wanted to thank you everyone for joining us today, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you and that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participants. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the June 2019 Quarter Financial Call for Lam Research. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Tina Correia: Great. Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the June 2019 quarter and our outlook for the September 2019 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factors disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 P.M. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, let me hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. In the June quarter, Lam delivered strong results. Revenues, gross margin and operating margin exceeded the midpoint of the guidance we've provided on our last earnings call, while EPS exceeded the high end of the guidance. Our ability to deliver these results was made possible by the support of our customers, our employees and our partners and I would like to thank them for their ongoing commitment to Lam's success. I would like to start by offering some perspective on Lam given the uncertainties surrounding trade and other influences on the market environment. Through the first half of calendar 2019, we have executed at a high level by focusing on what is in our control. And despite a difficult memory market, we have delivered on or exceeded our commitments. As you will hear from Doug later, we generated another $880 million in cash from operations in the most recent quarter. At the same time, we have continued to prioritize investment in innovation and product differentiation, shifting a higher percentage of our total OpEx to R&D than in any prior quarter in our history. We remain committed to our long-term growth vectors observed available market expansion, market share gains and increased revenue from our installed base. Specific proof points are emerging that validate our progress in each of these areas and I will touch on them later in my remarks. But first let me update our industry outlook. Our view on total WFE remains directionally unchanged, with calendar year 2019 down mid- to high-teens percent from 2018. However, since our last earnings call, Memory spending is incrementally lower, while Foundry spending is tracking higher, we believe due in part to acceleration in 5G development leading to strong demand for 7-nanometer and 5-nanometer products. We now view Foundry Logic WFE to be second half-weighted versus our prior baseline of first half-weighted for calendar 2019. Within Memory, customers have continued to take meaningful actions to restore supply and demand balance, reducing investment and lowering utilization levels for both NAND and DRAM, as we progressed through the June quarter. As a result, we see year-over-year bit supply growth for both NAND and DRAM continuing to decline, with bit supply growth rates exiting the year well below the long-term demand trend lines. On the demand side, we are encouraged by early signs that NAND price declines are leading to an acceleration of content growth in devices. For example, SSD penetration in PCs is expected to reach nearly 60% by the end of 2019. But more importantly, the average density per drive is also growing. The predominant SSD configurations in the PC market are now 256 gigabyte and 512 gigabyte versus 128 gigabyte and 256 gigabyte a year ago. The demand impact is amplified as both units and content per unit grow together. Similarly, we have seen acceleration in bit content growth for NAND and mobile devices. This is evident not only in the premium phone segment, but also in the mid-tier and lower-end phones, where 128 gigabytes offerings are seeing the fastest growth versus 64 gigabyte models a year ago. We believe the combination of factors influencing supply and demand creates a favorable setup for Memory as we enter 2020. Our actions are focused on ensuring Lam is in the best possible position to benefit from the anticipated recovery in Memory spending. This focus is contributing to gains in both served market and market share as evidenced by wins this quarter across various applications, as well as in road maps for emerging 3D architectures. In NAND, we are working closely with customers to develop differentiated solutions for potential limiters to 3D scaling. An excellent example is the wafer processing challenge created by stress-induced wafer bow as the number of 3D NAND layer scales to 100 and beyond. Given Lam's leadership position in critical 3D NAND etch and deposition applications, we are best positioned to address this problem. The new Lam tool, which deposits a counter-stress film on the backside of the 3D NAND wafer, using an innovative single-step process has been introduced to leading-etch customers with multiple repeat orders received. Importantly, the learning we gain through our investments to scale 3D NAND will be broadly applicable as new 3D architectures emerge in other segments. For example, we believe Lam's leadership in enabling 3D scaling will become increasingly valuable as logic devices migrate to a 3D gate all around structure in 3-nanometer as new memory such as PC RAM scale vertically for cost and bit density improvement, and as 3D heterogeneous integration is adopted as a preferred packaging option for high-performance system solutions. For 3D heterogeneous integration, several leading companies across Foundry and Logic have announced architectures to connect different IP blocks using high-density interconnects with through-silicon vias. Lam's SABRE 3D electroplating and Syndion etch tools offer best-in-class technology backed by years of high-volume production leadership in the TSV market. During the quarter we secured an important win at a leading logic customer for our SABRE 3D electroplating system for 3D chip stacking applications. This is a significant validation of Lam's ability to leverage its industry leading position in 3D scaling to new and emerging manufacturing inflections. We are also seeing successes from our customer focused investments in DRAM. We are collaborating with customers on critical new technologies required to scale to the 1Z and 1A nodes. For instance, as DRAM shrinks, devices shrink to 1Z and beyond, the performance impact of resistance capacity delays becomes a challenge that must be addressed. This quarter, we won critical spacer applications at multiple leading DRAM manufacturers for the 1Z node due to our ability to deposit highly conformal low-k films that help reduce RC delay. In addition to our progress on critical applications, you might recall that I have spoken previously about the NAND semi-critical process space and is an area of increased focus for Lam as we drive to gain market share. In the most recent quarter, we began to deliver on this opportunity with significant conductor etch wins at multiple NAND customers for mask open applications. Specifically, Lam's ability to create a highly productive, single-step etch process to replace our competitor's multiple step approach allowed us to differentiate on system throughput, a key decision factor in the semi-critical space. Another example is seen in dielectric etch where we recorded a key win for a semi-critical metal contact application at a leading memory maker. As 3D NAND scales, the peripheral context becomes deeper and aspect ratios increase. Our dielectric etch system demonstrated faster etch rates and superior profile control, leading to greater capital productivity and less frequent maintenance. For our Customer Support Business Group, we continue to see 2019 as another year of solid revenue growth despite lower WFE spending. In the June quarter we achieved a second consecutive quarterly record for revenue from our Reliant Systems business as customers invest to address robust non-leading etch demand from end markets such as IoT, automotive and powered devices. The combination of our focus on leading-etch technologies and installed base performance is being recognized by our customers. In the most recent quarter our top customer completed their annual supplier evaluation process, ranking us as their number one supplier as measured by a broad set of installed base performance, cost reduction and R&D engagement metrics. With this newest rating, we are now in the number one position in more than half of our top customers. To wrap up, the near-term environment remains challenging. But the long-term growth opportunity for both our industry and for Lam is compelling. We are focused on executing to our commitments and extending the differentiation of our product and services portfolio. I believe that our continued prioritization of customer focused investment would yield lasting benefits. And as Memory spending returns to normalized levels and non-Memory technologies increasingly rely on 3D scaling for performance and cost improvement, Lam will be in an excellent position to outperform. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Excellent. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today during what I know is a busy earnings season. Lam executed well in the June quarter with our results exceeding the midpoint of guidance for all financial metrics. Earnings per share exceeded the high end of the guidance range we provided due to stronger gross margin as well as proactive management of operating expenses. Our EPS performance is I believe are testament to our continual focus on delivering on our ongoing commitments. As Tim noted, our expectation is that 2019 WFE will be down from calendar year 2018 in the mid-to high teens percentage level. Since our last call we're seeing some upside strength in Foundry, which was partially offset by a reduction in Memory spending. From a segment perspective, our systems revenue for the combined Memory segment increased slightly to 64% of total system revenue from 61% in the March quarter. We had an increase from the March quarter in the non-volatile memory segment from 40% to 46%, while DRAM decreased to 18% from 21%. Memory revenue continues to be mainly targeted towards conversion-related investments. In DRAM spending, it's targeted towards 1Y and some initial 1Z investment. In NAND, it's primarily convergence to non-auxiliary devices. Additionally, we are seeing initial investment on 128-layer structures. We're continuing to see healthy spending in the Foundry segment which came in at 23% of our system revenue for the March quarter. And as Tim mentioned this is heavily focused on the 5 and 7-nanometer nodes. This was slightly down from 27% last quarter although still quite strong. The Logic and Other segment was flat with the prior quarter level contributing 13% of system revenue. We expect to see continued strength in the Foundry and Logic space throughout the remainder of the calendar year. It's worth noting that from a geographic perspective, 33% of our revenue was generated in the China region. The majority of this came from indigenous Chinese customers. We expect to see higher than our average concentration level of revenue in the China region for the September quarter as well. We executed well on income statement performance for the June quarter. Revenues came in at $2.361 billion, which was above the midpoint of the June guidance. Gross margin for the quarter was 45.9% which was better than expected primarily due to customer mix and improved field resource utilization. Also as we've stated in previous quarters, our actual gross margins are a function of several factors such as our raw business volumes, product mix and customer concentration and you should expect to see some variability quarter-to-quarter. Operating expenses in the June quarter declined to $450 million from the prior quarter. We are proactively managing expenses with our lower revenue levels. We continue to invest in our strategic R&D programs however and remain focused on our commitment to technology and productivity leadership. The percentage of R&D spend increased to approximately 66% in the June quarter, which was a high watermark. Operating income in the June quarter was $635 million and operating margin was 26.9% at the high-end of our guidance range. The non-GAAP tax rate for the June quarter was approximately 11% which is slightly lower than our long-term rate. For the remainder of the 2019 calendar year, we expect a tax rate in the low to mid-teens. And I'll just remind you, you should expect to see fluctuations in the rate from quarter-to-quarter. For June, other income and expense was a total of approximately $6 million of expense. This total includes interest expense for a full quarter related to the issuance of a $2.5 billion senior notes that we completed in the March quarter. The quarterly interest expense is partially offset by the interest income earned on higher cash balances for the company. I'll just remind you that total interest expense on all tranches of our debt is approximately $45 million per quarter. We continued to execute on our capital return program during the June quarter. For the quarter, we allocated $1.3 billion to capital return with $1.1 billion coming in share repurchases and $165 million in dividend payments.  Our share repurchase activities were from a combination of open market as well as structured repurchases. The structured repurchase program that we entered into is intended to continue to execute throughout our December quarter. We've completed approximately $2 billion of the $5 billion authorization that we announced in the March quarter. Over the past 1.5 years, we've utilized approximately $6 billion in buybacks and lowered diluted share count by roughly 15%. I believe this demonstrates our continued commitment to return meaningful cash to our shareholders. Earnings per share was $3.62, which was over our guidance range for the June quarter. This upside was driven primarily by better gross margin and lower-than-expected operating expenses. Diluted shares per EPS were approximately 154 million shares which reflects a 5% decrease in quarterly diluted share count since the beginning of the calendar year. The share count includes a dilutive impact of approximately 5 million shares from the 2041 convertible notes. The dilution schedules for the remaining 2041 converts is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. Let me now move to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments including restricted cash decreased in the June quarter to $5.7 billion from $6.4 billion in the March quarter. The decrease is mainly due to the capital return activities within the quarter, offset by strong cash generation from operations of $880 million. This is the second consecutive quarter, where we had cash from operations in the $900 million range. DSO decreased by five days to 56 days. Our inventory balance decreased by $82 million. Inventory turns remained at industry-leading levels coming in at 3.3 times. Company non-cash expenses included approximately $45 million for equity comp, $47 million for depreciation, and $18 million for amortization. Amortization was down from last quarter by 50% as a portion of the intangibles from the Novellus acquisition have now fully amortized. Capital expenditures were $66 million in the quarter, which was a slight decrease from the $76 million that we saw in March. The June quarter ended with approximately 10,700 regular full-time employees, which is down somewhat from the prior quarter. Additionally, I'd like to remind you that, we used temporary labor as part of our operating model. We have reduced this temporary labor by almost 40% or 600 head count in the last year. This flexibility is a critical part of our operating model enabling us to deliver sustainable operating profits during a time of reduced revenue levels. So now looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the September 2019 quarter. We are expecting revenue of $2.150 billion plus or minus $150 million; gross margin of 45% plus or minus one percentage point; operating margin of 24.5% plus or minus one percentage point; and finally earnings per share of $3 plus or minus $0.20 based on a share count of approximately 150 million shares. Before closing my scripted remarks, I'd like to reiterate some of the tone that Tim shared in his script. We continue to not see a recovery in Memory spending which is our strongest market for 2019. We do observe dynamics in those markets, however, that are positive signs. Some examples of these signs are demand elasticity, pricing trends, and management of factory utilization to bring inventory down. We are tracking a double-digit number of new fabs ready to receive equipment shipments during this year and we see plans for that to happen again next year. We continue to believe as a result that 2020 sets up as a better year than 2019. Operator that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open-up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We'll take are our first question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. A quarter ago, the supply side situation in Memory was one of disciplined spending and sort of reining in supply. It was really the demand side that was still uncertain, but just even over the past few weeks it seems that the demand side is starting to materialize here in the second half of this year PC market looking seasonally stronger cloud spending set to accelerate this quarter and you even have several big sort of AI in deep learning programs that are starting to fire. Your customers are also talking about inventory starting to come down. So is the Lam team feeling more confident, and more importantly your customers feeling more confident about the prospects for a healthier market environment exiting this year relative to three months or six months ago?
Tim Archer: Sure. Harlan, I'll take that and then Doug can add what he would like to. Clearly, I maybe  I walk you back since you kind of sets us as a baseline three or six months ago. The very first call of this year we laid out a view that Memory spending really wouldn't recover for this entire year. You just heard Doug kind of reiterate that again. But that didn't mean that through the year we wouldn't see progress, progress in sentiment progress in both the supply side and maybe the demand side. And so I guess, what I would say is incrementally you are hearing commentary about the demand side. I talked about elasticity. You've heard that also from some others even closer to those markets than us. So I think that you're starting to see some sentiment in NAND that is  are positive signs. Back six months ago we also said that, given the timing in which NAND corrected versus DRAM that NAND corrected earlier, and therefore would be likely the first market where we would see end demand increases as well as pricing and market improvements. What we've tried not to do and it's just challenging given the uncertainty in the market is pin down exactly when that happened. So we have put an end year supply growth rate number out there which was we said on the last call and we reiterate now in the range of about 30% supply growth for NAND as we exit the year. And that's about 10 points below what Lam sees as long-term demand growth. And so again, what we said is at that point it feels like the market will have tightened and investment could return, but obviously pinning that exact timing is challenging. I feel like the year in terms of supply improvement demand improvement discipline is playing out very close to what we thought it would with a whole lot of moving parts but in general and as I said directionally very much likely we thought at the beginning of the year. I don't know if Doug has anything to add.
Doug Bettinger: No. Perfect Tim. I don't really have anything to add. You're starting to see Harlan you alluded to it some of the early indications that the market is getting healthier is turning. And inevitably I think we all know it's a question of when not an if that memory spending will recover and that continues to be how we see it.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there. And then on the heavier China domestic mix just, given the continued trade tensions U.S. and China which is actually motivating a number of the China-based companies to bring in more chip design domestically especially given some of the recent component bans and the delist additions. Have you guys seen an increase in dialogue or programs that suggest a step up on China domestic activities to accelerate their semiconductor manufacturing capabilities?
Tim Archer: Yes. I think it's hard to say to tie one directly to the other. What we said as we came into this year is that China domestic spending would be stronger this year than last year. And I would say that at this point in the year, we feel maybe it's even somewhat stronger than that and so demand from domestic China or indigenous Chinese customers is strong as Doug pointed out. I think to this point of exactly what's driving that I think there is obviously long-term demand and a long-term desire to build more domestic capability. When I think about China, it's -- the biggest challenge for us really is the uncertainty that a lot of the trade discussions probably put not only the investment plans of indigenous Chinese customers, but also in the global players who are a little less certain about how those issues might play into the demand environment. So we're just trying -- we're managing through this. We've said our position in China is strong from a market share perspective and I think as you start to see some of the indigenous Chinese customers move into Memory, I would assume that our market share position should get even stronger. So, it's an important region for us but we track what's going on there closely and manage it as we see best.
Harlan Sur: Great.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: We'll go next to Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Tim, you talked a little bit about your focus on addressing semi-critical applications in your prepared remarks. And I think you threw out an example in conductor etch where you managed to have some wins in the quarter. Just curious to semi-critical applications in general how meaningful is that part of the market as a percentage of etch and deposition? Where is your market share today? And how do you see that evolving over the next couple of years? And then I have a follow-up.
Tim Archer: Yes. That's a great question. In fact we said last time that as we move through the year and perhaps our Investor Day when we hold it next we might break out a little bit more detail on the size of semi-critical as a percentage of our total so we're not prepared to do that today. But it is -- the semi-critical is a meaningful part of the etch market. In terms of -- but I think it's also important and I really want to make sure that the message doesn't get lost. Our core strength, our core business is the critical market, but if you have ambitions to grow and outperform the industry in the long-term, you have to also be competitive in semi-critical. And so, I think that we look at our performance in the last quarter I didn't talk about it, but we successfully defended critical positions in all markets in the last quarter. And so that was a statement and that's kind of how we go every quarter thinking we have to get done is defend our critical positions. Where we have the opportunity to grow is by taking semi-critical positions away from the competition. There the defining factor is much more about productivity. As I think I mentioned in the last call or at least in one of our conferences, productivity is something that the company knows how to do by learning from what has been done for a long time on the deposition side where I would say a larger fraction of the market exists within the semi-critical space. And so what we tried to highlight in the prepared remarks today is refocusing some of our efforts to ensuring that our productivity that we're delivering to customers is best-in-class can yield wins for Lam in the semi-critical etch space. We gave you examples both in the conductor etch space as well as the dielectric etch space. And so obviously that's -- can be interpreted as against two different competitors. So I think we're making progress there. I think just stay tuned and we'll continue to report how we're doing against those efforts.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thanks very much. And then as a follow-up, I was hoping to get an update on how you guys view EUV. How fast -- or how slow rather the technology is progressing on the Foundry and Logic side? How you see that impacting your business into 2020? And then more specifically I guess one of your customers recently sort of talked about potentially inserting EUV on the DRAM side of their business at the 1Z nanometer node. How do you see that evolving over the next 12 to 18 months? And how that could impact your business? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Sure. Okay. Great. It's funny, so maybe I'll just come out with a very clear statement at the beginning, because we get asked -- when the EUV question gets asked, it's often -- at least, I interpret it as kind of like, is this going to have a negative impact on Lam's business. So, I guess, what I'd like to start just by saying is, at this point we view Lam -- EUV as being good for Lam. And maybe I'll just run you through a couple of reasons for that. I mean, we're aligned with this idea, which, I think, is held be many of our customers, that EUV is part of the answer to cost-effective scaling. And cost-effective scaling is what's needed for new technology nodes. New nodes are important to Lam, as you can guess. I just said our critical application business is the core of our business. Critical applications, kind of, new ones get created when technology advances from node to node and so that's part of our growth strategy is, continue to win the next critical applications are being developed. New nodes also create SAM expansion opportunities for Lam. When there's a new node, I mean, there's new materials and new architectures where Lam can use etch and deposition more effectively. We win new positions. And in terms of a negative impact, I mean, multiple patterning, we've said also very clearly, continues to grow even with EUV. We've said obviously, it doesn't grow -- multiple pattern, it doesn't grow as fast as if EUV doesn't exist. But, again, our view is, that's one of those hypothetical futures that, it's hard to say exactly how many wafers will get produced in the future of future nodes without EV. So, it's a long way of saying, I think, EUV in total is good for Lam. Now, I also said, I think, on our last call that EUV is a big technology transition and you kind of pointed out, the speed with which it gets introduced has a lot to do with productivity. And we think that Lam has a significant role that we can play in helping improve, by using etch and deposition we can improve the productivity over the patterning module as a whole. And if we can do that, then it creates new opportunities for etch and deposition and we're partnering with ASML on those opportunities and I think we -- it's a big area of focus for us. Specifically, to your question, like, for introduction in Logic and Foundry, I think, our view is consistent with industry consensus. So I don't have a lot to say there. Around the question of 1z insertion, again, I think you know probably what has been said. It's clearly not the general consensus that DRAM and D1z will commonly use EUV. I mean, it's a node where people will talk -- at least one customer, as you said, is talking about putting it in kind of as maybe the learning node. But I think that I don't have anything else to add to it than that.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks very much.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Toshiya.
Operator: We'll go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the solid results. Tim at least by our math, if you look at kind of your June shipments into the Memory market, they're down about 50% plus or minus from sort of peak, but they're still up if you look at -- you're almost 50% from sort of the 2014 to 2016 average and there's been a lot that's going on with capital intensity, your SAM expansion, market share gains. You guys have been very clear about not calling a recovery in Memory, but I'm kind of curious, how do you think about the current level of spending relative to prior troughs in Memory spending when you adjust for capital intensity going up, SAM growth, market share. Do you feel like we're bouncing along a bottom here in Memory, or how should we think about that?
Doug Bettinger: I mean the one thing, I would say, John, is that -- I would say and we've been saying this all year is, when I look at the spending in Memory this year, it is almost entirely allocated to conversion-related investments right? Which is always a cost-effective thing for the customer base to do, it lowers cost per bit. I don't know that I would say, it's a maintenance level or it's a bottom level, John. But it's always something that economically is -- it makes sense for the customer to do it. And that's pretty much what we're seeing happening this year. And your observation about SAM intensity, capital intensity going up and all of that is absolutely valid. It's gotten more expensive to put wafers in place, because complexity of architectures have grown. And, obviously, that's part of the calculus as well. I don't know, anything to add, Tim?
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think in terms of, especially, etch and depth intensity has changed in a pretty dramatic way since, what's the time? But I agree with everything Doug said. Our comments are -- have been, we're clearly at a point where we believe that supply growth spending is insufficient to meet long-term demand growth. So, however you want to call that, Doug, bottom or trough, as Doug said, we don't really want to do that, but it's -- this feels like the majority of investment is really around technology at this point.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, as my follow-up, I was wondering if you can just give us update on kind of your view of the service business for this year, especially in lieu of sort of the some of the utilization cuts we've seen from customers. I know the installed base is growing, which will give a tailwind to service, but is that still expected to grow? And as you answer the question, one of your customers with the power outage this quarter, what kind of impact might that have had, either on the services or quite frankly in the shipment business?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. John, it's Doug again. Yes, I still expect our installed base business to grow this year. And again, your observation is absolutely right. This business will ebb and flow somewhat with industry overall utilization. And I think it's pretty well understood that some of the Memory -- some of our Memory customers are reducing utilization to a certain extent, including from a power outage. And so, as a result of that, things like spares consumption will decrease for a period of time. But this business will still grow this year. And it grows along with growth and chamber count. And as we've been saying, our view even though WFE is down so much, chamber count will still grow this year. So the tailwind of the business over the next several years continues to be pretty good.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, John.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much. Doug, I guess both of my questions are for you. The first one is I'm wondering if you can update us on the comments you gave, I think on second half versus first half loading? Obviously, your full year WFE has not changed. But the mix has changed a little bit. It seems like maybe a little bit less in your favor. So can you update us on the second half versus first half of this year? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Tim, yeah you're right the puts and takes. We're still suggesting WFE this year is down, mid-to high teens. And within that there are puts and takes. Memory is somewhat softer than we were describing, a quarter ago. And Foundry is a little bit stronger, maybe a decent amount stronger. And when I look at the profile of that investment, the spending in Memory is somewhat first half weighted. The spending in Foundry and Logic is somewhat second half weighted. And when you put it all together, I think WFE this year will be a little bit weighted to the second half.
Timothy Arcuri: I guess Doug, I was more talking about your shipments, but I think you had previously guided your shipments or your revenue second half versus first half. So I'm wondering if you can update that.
Doug Bettinger: No. We've never guided revenue half on half. We've always and maybe I was misinterpreted talking about WFE.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, awesome. Okay and then I guess my second question Doug is you're doing $12 annualized in a pretty nasty Memory cycle systems for Memory are cut in half and total system shipments are down somewhere in the range of 14% from the peak. Obviously it's much down than really anything in the past. So I guess the question is how do you think about how to optimize the capital structure in the balance sheet as you come out of this? You have bought back a ton of stock but I'm wondering how you think about the right balance sheet leverage targets, as you look out over the next few years? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Tim, I mean, I haven't communicated a numeric target for leverage or total cash or anything like that. But if you look at what we've done over the last several years I think we've had an inclination to provide meaningful cash back to shareholders. The cash generation capability of the business, continues to be amazingly strong right? We're coming off two quarters now of nearly 900 -- or approximately $900 million from operational cash flow. So our confidence in the ability to sustain cash generation is obviously much higher. And if you look at a metric like net cash, it's also why we've been comfortable bringing that down. And we've done that through raising, a little bit of debt and consuming the cash by both dividends and more towards share buyback. At some point, we'll probably have an investor event again and talk a little bit more about it. But I'm not ready to change what we've described in the past, which has been we're going to return at least 50% of free cash flow to shareholders. And what you've seen us do is a whole lot more than that over the last several years.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay Doug got it. Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, thanks, Tim.
Operator: We'll go next to C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. And thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, can you speak to on both Foundry Logic side. Your revenue intensity at the 16, 14, 10, nodes and how we think about share gains and/or greater opportunities for you as we migrate down to seven and five? And if there's any way to kind of quantify what the incremental revenues per wafer start or any sort of math like that, that will be very helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. C.J., I'm going to let Tim actually talk about the direction. We haven't quantified it. And we're not ready to do that on the call. But Tim is pretty well versed in the trajectory. So if you can cover that.
Tim Archer: Good they took the numbers off the table for me. But I think maybe the first time we've said and we feel quite confident is, in kind of the Logic Foundry world. Our share gains for a variety of reasons both through wins, but also new applications that we've gained our share gains are gains between 10, 7 and 5. And so we feel quite confident that part of that is intensity in etching that deposition, part of that is new applications that created get created its new processes. And so, while we haven't quantified it, I would say that, as I said in my EUV commentary, every technology transition is an opportunity for us to gain new applications and gain share. We feel really good about the progress we've made. It sometimes gets lost in the -- in this overlying story about memory and memory spending. And how much impact it has on our business. But we're feeling quite good about our momentum in Logic and Foundry both.
C.J. Muse: That's helpful. And as my follow-up, any update on your self-cleaning etch offering? I'd love to hear about the Kiyo module coupled with Corvus. Anything you can share with us would be great.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I'm not sure I can share with you other than it continues to progress in the marketplace. It's again, when I talked about semi-critical applications, where customers are really focused on trying to optimize the productivity of existing fabs. And one element to productivity of fab is how often you have to actually have technicians or people going and doing maintenance on tools. And the Kiyo product with the Kiyo -- product with the Corvus Are, the self-maintaining tool is part of that answer. Now, obviously, there's not a lot of spending going on in some of those segments, but we feel this is another example of where we've introduced the right product that one spending recovers in the Memory market, they should be perfectly targeted to the types of tools that customers want to put in to all those new fabs they're building right now. Thanks C.J.
Operator: We'll go next to Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. First one for Tim, one of the things I've been hearing is that actually go to higher and higher layers in 3D NAND, the process time for etch keeps going up. Is there a way to quantify in either absolute minutes or relative to prior nodes, what kind of increase in process times are we talking about, and what does it mean for Lam?
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I don't think that we're going to quantify that because it's kind of a competitive piece of information that would -- we wouldn't want to divulge here, but it does, I mean, to your point it takes a longer time to etch higher aspect ratio features, and I think that it's relatively well known that that increase is non-linear with the number of layers, meaning, the etch becomes longer non-linearly with the number of layers that are being created. And that's simply due to the etch process physics themselves, physics and chemistry. And so more layers has a positive impact on -- for Lam on the number of etch tools that are required to accomplish that etch. Now what I would say is that there's a constant battle, I mean, to keep the cost of ownership reasonable for customers, we're continuously working on productivity of every etch we deliver to the customer, including critical etches like the whole -- the 3D whole etch. So not prepared to quantify today, but it is a positive grower for us.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then as a follow-up Tim. When you start gaining more share refocus more on the semi-critical etch applications how should we think about the margin structure, because it seems like productivity is key in this segment. Is productivity a euphemism for lower price, or just trying to figure out how to think about margins and you get more share in semi-critical etch?
Tim Archer: No. Definitely in my mind, it's not a euphemism for lower price. Productivity is in many ways is much of a technology challenges as any other. And so we're attacking productivity, we are attacking it fundamentally from equipment and hardware and process design in a way that we deliver increased productivity with the cost structure of the tool that allows us to deliver corporate average gross margins for those applications. That's our expectation. And so that sometimes takes time and will require us in many cases to think long and hard about how our tools are designed, but that is the expectation that I have for winning in that space.
Krish Sankar: Thanks Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Weston Twigg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, I just wanted to probe a little bit about your comments on 2020. You said you think it's shaping up to be an up year, but I was wondering if you could just walk us a little bit through the puts and takes maybe both in Memory and Foundry what it would take be an up year? And sort of what your expectations are regarding those?
Doug Bettinger : Yeah, West. Too soon for us to get into specifics on this. Really the commentary around setting up for a better year next year, it's all about Memory recovering in terms of investment levels. We'll give you more color on it when we get a little closer to next year, and I'm sure a lot's going to move around in there. But as we sit here today and look at the level of investment occurring in Memory and the growth rates of bits exiting the year and whatnot, we believe the level of investment there needs to go up next year and that's the nature of the comments.
Weston Twigg: That makes sense. I guess related to you talked about some new wins and focusing on market share gains and SAM expansion, some of the Syndion line today, can you help us maybe put some numbers around what -- how much that could expand the opportunity in 2020? The revenue opportunity deal for you?
Tim Archer: Well, I think maybe kind of no, but you should come back to the -- but you we're getting closer and closer to our market share targets that we put out for 2021. So I guess you can think of these as we've come out and we have said that we would gain four to eight points of share within etch and four to eight points within deposition by 2021. That was our last stated set of objectives. And when you think about progress we already made in our share positioning critical that's where you move to semi-critical and you say a fair bit of that share gain four to eight points is going to come from those types of wins. That's why what we wanted to highlight today that we feel we're just at the start of making some of the progress towards that type of share gain.
Weston Twigg: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Thanks West.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the strength in the indigenous China spending. How does that break down between Foundry DRAM, NAND and just generally your view on the sustainability of that spending into next year?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Joe, we described in the past view that plus or minus there's investment levels of $5 billion from indigenous China relative to WFE this year. As we look at it now, a little bit stronger than that quite honestly. The strength is coming from Memory primarily. And I think you know what's going on. There's several Foundry customers there the big one is SMIC. They continue to be a very important customer for us. You got YMTC investing in NAND and then emerging DRAM investments. The uptick relative to prior communication I think it's been primarily related to Memory both a little bit of NAND a little bit of DRAM.
Joe Moore: And the majority of the output that they're getting from that spending I mean is that something where you could see more kind of a larger capacity as we move forward, or is it more pilots and kind of getting things figured out?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean, Joe, I think they're going to continue to keep innovating on the technology, they're going to keep getting better and better at what they do and it wouldn't surprise me if they can continue to invest at higher levels as we go forward. I'm not ready going to quantify it for you, but they're working very, very diligently on innovating the technology.
Joe Moore: Very helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I had two as well. I wanted to also ask about China. So sales were up 20% in the last fiscal year, non-China was down about that number. How do you measure utilization at your customers? Because their purchasing has gone up right around the time when trade tensions have increased. So is there a risk that there have been pull-ins and this becomes an issue later on?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek when I look at it, I don't think there's significant pull-ins occurring in what we're seeing happening. And I say that because we sort of knew our customers' plans as the year began. And when I look at it for the most part, they're executing to those plans. It's also important I think to understand that a lot of the investment in China is not indigenous Chinese customers, right? You've got the Koreans building fabs, Taiwanese, U.S. companies. So understand that a broad swathe of the spending in China isn't necessarily the indigenous Chinese customers. That's generally how I see that.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And then for my follow-up Doug, on gross margins, you are guiding to 45%. And I know you mentioned a few times that mix changes from quarter-to-quarter. What in the mix is driving gross margins lower? Because when I look at the revenue level, it's kind of back to where it was in March 2017. But at that time gross margins were higher. But I recall at that time Foundry, Logic was a lower part of the mix. So is it Foundry, Logic that has an impact on gross margin? And I think you also alluded to the fact that you do expect to continue to grow in Foundry, Logic. So just how should we think about the trajectory of gross margins over the next several quarters?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek, I wouldn't assume or you shouldn't assume there's differential gross margin by end of market necessarily meaning Foundry to Logic to Memory. That's not the way it works. Generally, there are -- it's what I always say that the larger customers, because they're buying more may tend to get a little bit better pricing simply because they're buying more from us relative to discounts sometimes. Not always, but obviously when you look at revenue down the way it is that's probably one of the bigger contributors right now. And Tim, would you want to...
Tim Archer: Yes, no. I think there's a -- you referenced back to a point in 2017. We look at those all the time to think about what's different in our business. And what you have to look at is that as we transition through 2017, it was a massive growth cycle for us. And while we have a very flexible operating model, some of the physical infrastructure that we have to put in place to meet a $3 billion quarterly revenue run rate some of that physical capacity has not been taken offline and it does affect gross margin to some degree. We are confident that that kind of physical capacity is what's needed to be able to respond when our customers do ramp as Memory spending recovers. So flexible operating model Doug talked about temporary workforce, but in some cases there were costs put in which are still with us. Doug, I don't know if you have...
Doug Bettinger: Yes. No perfect.
Vivek Arya: Great. Pretty helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Tim, maybe to follow-up from your prepared remarks, you talked about some of the new emerging technologies such as gate-all-around and the industry transition in DRAM to 1Z and 1A. On the gate-all-around given that it's a similar format to FinFET, are there any capital intensity increases for etch and deposition that would benefit you guys when the industry makes that [ship] because you guys clearly benefitted from the transition of FinFET?
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that I mean what I was trying to message is that at almost every node our customers, the industry has realized that 3D scaling is a key part of the answer both to device performance as well as cost scaling. And for us 3D scaling really means etch and deposition intensity tends to increase. Obviously we're still a little ways away, I mean we're highly engaged with 3-nanometer but final decisions ultimately get made relative to structures and architectures in the future. But it's really a message around etch and dep intensity to create 3D architectures. It's also why I pointed out in case it was missed the 3D architecture that's emerging in the heterogeneous integration or advanced packaging space, which again is 3D chip stacking and how Lam's etch and deposition will play a role in that. So what I was trying to just translate it I believe that 3D and etch and dep intensity kind of is fanning out across all device types in the future.
Patrick Ho: Great. And my follow-up question for Doug in terms of the installed base business that's probably providing you a lot of support this year, given the pressures on the systems business. Can you give a little color if you're seeing a lot of upgrade business for I guess the trailing etch, fabs that are trying to upgrade improve their productivity, is that a key driver to the installed base business, and the strength that you're likely seeing this year?
Doug Bettinger: That's certainly a piece of it. In fact last quarter, record level for our Reliant business, which is our refurbished equipment. So the answer Patrick is yes.
Patrick Ho: Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: All right thank you. I've got two questions on the Memory side. You talk about NAND to supply growth rate exiting this year at about 30%. Can you give us a sense how you think the CapEx or the equipment spend needed to support say, every one percentage point of this supply growth from the current conversion-only trough? And can you do the same for DRAM? I guess we have -- you have given us the estimated cost for greenfield fabs before but just trying to put those pieces of information together.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah Sidney. No, I don't think we've quantified this in the past. And I don't think we're ready to on the call right now. So I'm going to decline to answer the question.
Sidney Ho: Okay. I'll move on to next one. If I take your reported revenue by end market and compare to what we think the WFE dollars for the various segments I can see that your share has been moving up steadily across all the different segments in recent years. But the one that stood out to me is NAND, which gets to be pretty high just take your revenue number that's probably including services and divide it by WFE, you get to somewhere around 40% from call it 20%, 25% a few years ago. Do you think that number could go higher as the market transitions to higher layer count? I guess, this question is whether it's sustainable?
Tim Archer: Well, I guess as -- what we've said is that etch and deposition are really key to continued scaling in 3D NAND and so etch and deposition intensity scales with number of layers. So from that perspective measuring share of the customer's total spend on 3D NAND, it will -- we do believe it can and will go higher.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. Thanks.
Tim Archer: Thanks.
Tina Correia: Operator, I think we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Yes, maam. We'll take our final question from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hi guys. Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I just have one extra one on focusing on the share gain potential here. So I don't expect you guys to know exactly what happened to Japan and Korea, but if you look at the etch and deposition tools you guys sell, where do you guys think you had the most opportunity to gain share against Tokyo Electron?
Tim Archer: I'm not going to get specific but okay. Well, this is -- look and this is also why I talk about the importance of performing really well in the semi-critical space. Critical applications that the reason we like them is they're hard to win and it takes often a generation or two to sort of prove yourself out. Those are less likely to switch due to some short-term event. Semi-critical or less critical applications are much more driven by can you accomplish that task at a certain targeted productivity point? So I think that there are a number of applications that we would be targeting where we're highly capable of doing those. And if the customer is motivated to give Lam a try, we're motivated to jump in there and show what we can do.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And just one real quick high level one. I don't know the exact math off the top of my head, but roughly speaking from the last downturn you guys have seen, do you guys see anything irregular in terms of buying patterns? Suggest that people are buying ahead, or buying additional equipment than normal down cycle, or do you think this is essentially a normal semi cap cycle that you see in the past?
Tim Archer: No. Nothing from my perspective that's out of the ordinary. In fact that was why I kind of started my comments with. For the most part, given some different puts and takes the year's playing out not that differently than we had originally thought from the standpoint of moving through a down cycle in Memory.
Mitch Steves: Perfect. Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yeah, thank you.
Doug Bettinger: So, operator, I think that's the end of the call. If you want to sign us off.
Tina Correia: Thank you, everyone, for joining.
Operator: Yes, certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation's March Quarter Financial Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correia, CVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Tina Correia: Thank you, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the March 2019 quarter, and our outlook for the June 2019 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factors disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 P.M. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that let me hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thanks, Tina and hello everyone. After Doug and I go through our prepared comments, we look forward to your questions. Lam delivered a solid March quarter and continued to demonstrate strong execution in a challenging near-term industry environment. Key metrics including revenue, gross margin and operating income margin, all came in above the midpoint of guidance that we gave on our last earnings call. EPS of $3.70 exceeded the high-end of our range helped by a favorable tax rate and the benefit of ongoing share repurchases. This performance and continued execution in the business is attributable to the support of our customers and partners, and as always, the exceptional efforts of Lam employees around the world. Turning now to our perspective on the current industry environment and outlook. Industry conditions are directionally unchanged from our January call. We continue to expect customer WFE spending for calendar year 2019 to be in the low $40 billion. Though since our last call, we now see a marginal downtick in Memory spending offset by slightly better expectations in Foundry and Logic. Also consistent with our prior commentary, we expect Memory supply growth as we exit 2019 to be below the long-term demand trend line for both, NAND and DRAM. In DRAM we continue to believe the spending correction will extend through this calendar year as customers continue to rationalize long-term profitability with near-term focus on reducing channel inventories and bringing supply and demand dynamics into balance business [ph]. In NAND, recent industry data indicates that bit shipments where better than normal seasonal trends for the February month, and we continue to believe that market conditions are setting up well for future recovery as demand and supply balance improves through the year. On the Foundry and Logic side 2019 WFE spending is slightly higher than our prior baseline as customers appear to be ramping leading etch notes faster than we previously forecast which we believe is partly due to increased semiconductor content in smartphones related to 5G. While predicting the exact timing of cyclical change is always difficult, our confidence in the long-term demand drivers for Lam's business is unchanged. We're positioning Lam to capitalize on long-term demand through execution on our three growth vectors of served available market expansion, share gains, and revenue generation from our installed base. Semiconductor demand drivers such as Industry 4.0, Artificial Intelligence, 5G and IoT are creating compelling served available market expansion opportunities for Lam; all require innovations in the transmission, processing and storage of data using a minimum number of computed cycles at lower power and lower costs. This is leading to changes in compute system architecture and driving growth in new on-chip and off-chip memory designs. Key trends include the use of high-bandwidth memory interfaces for leading accelerator designs, heterogeneous integration for system on chip solution, and the move to MRAM for embedded memories. I would like to provide a few specific examples of how Lam is set to benefit from these trends. First, new memory devices like GDDR6 improved bandwidth by adding among other things more bit lines which increases etching deposition intensity. Second, high-bandwidth memory and heterogeneous packaging integration are driving an increased need for through-silicon vias and other novel wafer level packaging technologies. Lam's SABRE 3D electroplating and Syndion etch tools are recognized technology and market leaders in the TSV market and provides a stable etch depth and VSL capability required for high-volume production. For wafer level packaging, the market-leading SABRE 3D system delivers technology-enabling co-planarity on our production-proven platform. And third, emerging memory devices such as MRAM are employing novel materials which require the introduction of new ion beam etch technology. Lam's ion-beam etch technology is differentiated by it's control over both, ion energy and angle to deliver superior device profiles and ultimately increased yield and bit density for our customers. Broadly, we believe the product and services portfolio of Lam Research is unmatched in it's fit to these emerging technology inflections, and our focus is to deliver disruptive customer-enabling technologies to expand our served available market. From a market share perspective, we continue to perform well on penetration and defense activities. In the first calendar quarter, we successfully defended all key positions in addition to winning multiple new opportunities, and we remain committed to our goal of growing market share in both, etch and deposition. Our confidence in our share gain opportunity is rooted in fundamental product architecture and technology differentiation. Lam's unique quad-station model or QSM is rapidly becoming the process chamber architecture of choice for 3D NAND. The QSM serves as the core high-productivity platform on which Lam's process teams build differentiated 3D NAND Technology Solutions. Examples where the QSM is delivering a capability advantage for our customers include our market-leading films for the ON-ON (ph) STACK, wafer bow management using backside deposition, new ALD films for high-aspect ratio gap fill, and low-resistivity tungsten fill for word line. Our ability to deliver compelling technology and productivity including fab-space saving using the QSM architecture is unparalleled. We hit a milestone this quarter with our 7,000 module shipped, a metric that signifies the growing importance of this platform for 3D NAND and other markets. In Logic and Foundry, gate contacts and interconnect layers require new materials for better device performance, reliability and scaling beyond 10-nanometer. In recent engagements we have shown our ability to leverage Lam's long-held leadership position in copper electroplating to win applications for new materials such as cobalt as leading etch notes. And in Memory, we continue to penetrate key semi-critical etch positions through our focus on productivity innovation. An example of this focus is the separate press release we issued today stating that in partnership with a leading semiconductor manufacturer we have successfully demonstrated one full year of uninterrupted production on Kiyo Etch System equipped with a unique productivity focused hardware set. We believe the Kiyo Etch System utilizing our Corvus R technology ushers in a new era of self-maintaining equipment. Today's announcement is also a demonstration of Lam's commitment to leverage Industry 4.0 technologies, advanced computing and Big Data to bring innovative products and services to our customers. And finally, in our Customer Support Business Group, we saw continued sequential growth in revenues we drive from our installed base. Our Reliant Systems business grew strongly in the March quarter reaching it's highest quarterly revenue level in our history. This was driven primarily by investments in non-leading etch notes in Foundry, as well as spending on more and more in IoT initiatives. Overall, our installed base business is on-track to deliver another record year, growing again at a rate faster than the installed base. In summary, Lam is well positioned to capitalize on the long-term demand drivers in the semiconductor industry. We are performing well in a challenging near-term industry environment. And by continuing to focus on execution and investing to meet our growth objectives, we believe we will emerge stronger as WFE spending recovers. With that let me turn the call over to Doug for his prepared remarks.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today on what I know is a busy earnings season. Lam executed well in the March quarter with our results exceeding the midpoint of guidance for all financial metrics. Earnings per share exceeded the high-end of the guidance range that we provided mainly due to a lower tax rate that we realized in the quarter. We had a more favorable tax benefit from our annual employee stock grant investing due to the increase in our stock price during the March quarter. I'd also like to highlight that during the March quarter our cash from operations came in at $933 million which on a quarterly basis is the second highest cash generation in the history of Lam Research. As we discussed during our last quarter earnings call, we believe WFE spending for the first half of 2019 would reflect lower memory spending levels and spending would be driven more by Foundry and Logic investments. Our view today is largely unchanged. Full year 2019 Foundry and Logic WFE might be a little bit stronger than we expected a quarter ago, and DRAM might be a little bit weaker. We continue to expect WFE will be down in the mid to high-teens percent year-over-year from 2018. WFE spending as a percentage of semi-industry profit dollars has been running at a fairly consistent level over the last several years. We continue to track a double-digit number of new fab projects this year spending leading etch Foundry, Memory and IoT driven legacy notes. Overall, Lam's system revenue for the combined Memory segment decreased to 61% of total system's revenue from the 79% we saw in the December quarter. The composition of the Memory segment was mostly driven by conversions and included non-volatile Memory spending at 40% and DRAM spending at 21%. NAND spending continues to be focused on both, 6x and 9x layer wafers, and DRAM spending is focused on the 1x and 1y notes. The Foundry segment more than doubled quarter-over-quarter accounting for 27% of system revenue which is the highest level in Foundry we've seen since March of 2017. Foundry spending in 2019 is focused on 7-nanometer and 5-nanometer. As a comparison the profile in 2017 was target at 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer notes. And finally, the Logic and other segment was also up contributing 12% of systems revenue. Let's turn to the P&L performance for the March quarter. We delivered revenues of $2.439 billion which was down slightly from the December quarter and above the midpoint of the March guidance we've provided. Gross margin for the quarter came in at 45.1%; we came in slightly better-than-expected, primarily due to product mix and spending control. And as I always do, I'll remind you that our actual gross margins are a function of several factors such as business volumes, product mix and customer concentration, and you should expect to see variability quarter-over-quarter. Operating expenses in the March quarter were $488 million which increased by approximately 11% from the prior quarter. Spending in the March quarter was negatively impacted by the appreciation of the stock market during the quarter and the resulting impact on the cost of our deferred compensation plan. We do hedge this to mitigate the exposure; however the offset to this expense shows up in other income and expense. It's neutral to earnings per share at the end of the day. R&D investments continue to be a focus for us with R&D comprising nearly two-thirds of our spending in the March quarter. In June total operating expenses are expected to be lower on a sequential basis compared to the March quarter. I'd also just point out one spending item that you'll see in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation table of our press release. We incurred a charge of approximately $11 million related to severance payments for a workforce action we took during the March quarter. Operating income in the March quarter was $611 million and operating margin was 25.1%, pretty much in line with the midpoint of the guidance range. The non-GAAP tax rate for the March quarter was approximately 8% which is lower than our long-term rate due to the tax benefits related to the employee stock investing that I described earlier. For the June quarter in 2019 calendar year, we continue to expect the tax rate in the low to mid-teens and there will be fluctuations in this rate quarter-by-quarter. In March we completed the issuance of $2.5 billion in principal value of senior notes as we decided to take advantage of a favorable interest rate and credit environment. The note proceeds are for general corporate purposes including among other things to fund our stock repurchase program and to pay dividends. For other income and expense, our newly issued debt added approximately $8 million in interest expense for the March quarter. However as I pointed out, this was offset in OINE by gains on assets related to obligations under our deferred compensation plan. Going forward, we expect to have approximately $26 million of quarterly interest expense related to our new debt. In total, interest expense on a quarterly basis is now around $45 million. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to capital return during the quarter funding more than $1 billion in dividends and share repurchases. For the March quarter we paid out $171 million in dividends and we completed $862 million in share buybacks through a combination of open market and structured repurchases. These repurchases were made under the new $5 billion authorization that we announced at our earnings call in January. And I'd just point out to you that in the last year we have lowered quarterly diluted share count by approximately 20 million shares; that's over 11% reduction. Earnings per share came in at $3.70 which was over our guidance range for the March quarter, mainly driven by that favorable tax rate. Diluted shares per EPS were 158 million shares which reflects a decrease from the September quarter related to the share buyback program. The share count includes a dilutive impact of approximately 5 million shares from the remaining 2041 convertible notes in the March quarter. And I'll remind you the dilution schedules for the remaining 2041 convertible notes is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. Let me now turn to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments including restricted cash increased notably in the March quarter to $6.4 billion from $3.9 billion in the prior quarter. This was driven by the $2.5 billion debt issuance that I mentioned, and the over $900 million operational cash flow. DSO improved by six days to 61 days. Our inventory levels decreased and consequently inventory turns increased to 3.4 times compared to 3.2 times in the prior quarter. Company non-cash expenses included approximately $53 million for equity compensation, $46 million for depreciation and $36 million for amortization. Capital expenditures were $76 million in the March quarter which was a decrease from $106 million in the December quarter. Due the timing of certain projects December quarter CapEx was somewhat on the high side and the decrease in the March quarter was in line with our expectations. The majority of the CapEx in March was directed towards investment supporting our installed base business. We exited the March quarter with approximately 10,800 regular full-time employees which is down slightly from the prior quarter due to the workforce action that I previously mentioned. For the long-term we continue to prioritize headcount that is supporting Lam's SAM expansion, market share gains, and installed base business growth. Looking ahead, I'd now like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the June 2019 quarter. We're expecting revenues of $2.350 billion, plus or minus $150 million; gross margin of 45.5%, plus or minus one percentage point; operating margins of 26%, plus or minus one percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $3.40, plus or minus $0.20 based on the share count of approximately 155 million shares. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Tim and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is Adaa (ph) calling in for John. I was wondering if you could maybe talk through what your OpEx trajectory is looking like for the remainder of the year given the lumpiness that we saw in March?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean we only really guide this one quarter at that time. The best -- I guess, the way I would give you to think about it is, it's going to be plus or minus where we're at in the June quarter. But again, we only formally guided numerically one quarter at a time.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And then, if you could maybe provide us with an updated view of the domestic China opportunity where you think that looks like this year in terms of WFE and then your puts and takes around that given the macro situation?
Tim Archer: Sure, I can do that. We said on our last call actually that we had expected China domestic WFE this year to be little more -- greater than $5 billion, we haven't changed our view on that. And our position in China, we've also said is a bit stronger or at least as strong as elsewhere in the world, so we gave guidance on the last call that our business in domestic China would be up as well. You know, there really has been also no change in the regulatory environment that is impacting our results and while we're monitoring it closely, we don't really expect any effect on our business at this point.
Operator: We will now take a question from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, you had given the backdrop of weak pricing across both segments in Memory; I think it's a great job on your part in terms of getting what I imagine roughly $1 billion plus per quarter in total shipments just on technology buzz alone. And so I guess the question is, as you look into the back half of the year and you think about the transition 96-layer and if we take into account what we've heard from ASML in terms of a second half ramp (inaudible). How should we think about that trajectory? Are there green chutes there into the back half for the year or is that something that would shine in the first half of 2019 -- 2020, sorry?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim and I will take it a little bit I think. You know, C.J. our outlook isn't really changed at all from what we communicated at earnings a quarter ago. We don't see a recovery in Memory this year, we do think it sets up well for -- what -- likely happens in 2020. We expect the exit rate of supply in both, NAND and DRAM to be under where demand is, meaning it's consuming some of the inventory which I think sets us up well, but we really don't see a meaningful recovery or recovery at all this year. Tim, you want to add anything?
Tim Archer: No, I think that's -- it's a very clear statement of our position. We've been saying that we really don't see the recovery this year. You mentioned a couple of other items though like the 96-layer conversion and I guess from the standpoint of the job we're doing, you know, Lam is squarely focused in the middle of technology conversations and technology conversions are great way for customers to reduce their cost, increase their capability through cycles like this. And so Lam is just focused on helping our customers execute those technology conversions and when they come and there is capacity additions that will be as you say an additional green chute. But right now we've said, we don't see that right now through this year.
Doug Bettinger: And C.J., just maybe one more comment from me. As I've said here and I think -- I do know it recovers at some point whether it's later in this year or early next year to me is somewhat interesting from a timing standpoint but obviously it will recover at some point. The industry is working through inventory in the channel and that will take some time, and at some point investment will be more than it is right now.
C.J. Muse: Okay, very helpful. And as a follow-up; considering the magnitude of the debt offering in the quarter can you kind of walk through what net cash or gross cash rather you need to run the business? And are you contemplating perhaps a more aggressive buyback with the funds? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yes. C.J., nothing new to communicate relative to the buyback. We just announced the $5 billion a quarter ago, we executed $862 million last quarter, we view this as a favorable debt market as I described in my prepared remarks relative to rates and credit demand and whatnot, we've decided to take advantage of that. It really doesn't impact too much how I'm thinking about the timing of the buyback, the quantum of the buyback. Obviously, I think we've been pretty judicious with returning cash to shareholders in the past and will continue to do so in the future but I don't really have anything new to tell you except that that debt issuance helps fund what we plan to do. Thanks C.J.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question and good job in a tough environment. Tim, I have a question on your market share. We all understand and WFE share is a complicated mix of end market, your customer mix; the Gartner data came out today and it shows your WFE share declined modestly last year. I just wanted to understand moving forward as EUV becomes a little bit bigger push and off the Logic spending, what are the things that you can do with your products that can offset -- kind of the natural headwind from EUV? And then looking beyond one to two years, when I was at SPIE Conference, there was a lot of discussion on horizontal nanotubes or nanosheets being used for 3-nanometer Logic devices similar to what we have seen from 2D to 3D NAND migration. So just your thoughts in terms of when your Logic share can start to improve because of architectural changes? Thank you.
Tim Archer: Okay, sure. Lot of great questions in there, so I'll do my best. I mean, first, maybe just taking kind of the share question head-on. Obviously we looked at the Gartner report, note, we will be the first to acknowledge we don't win everything we compete for. But I want to point out, we feel -- when we think about market share we feel very good about what we've accomplished in last few years relative to our positions in critical applications. You know, critical applications are the hardest to win but once you have them, they are also the stickiest; I mean they are the applications that our customers are least likely to change. And -- so we really did, we focused on those and we made sure that in key fast-growing segments of WFE like 3D NAND, we made sure that we secured those critical applications because that's really the foundation on which we then can go build everything else. And those are the applications that get you closely collaborating with customers. I think when you think about share, I've said -- I said it last time and I'll say it again, I want us to do better in the semi-critical applications. But again, yet after the critical application foundation first, then you build semi-critical on top of that. What can we do in that area? A lot of that is you just saw in this press release. We're focused on productivity innovation, and as our customer scale up and you see it this year with focus on the pricing environment and spending environment in the Memory, productivity innovation is welcomed by our customers. So semi-critical is usually a battlefield of our productivity, the press release about the Kiyo Etch with Corvus R. I think Lam will continue to try to set benchmarks for productivity in this space and that will drive share for us. Those are all things that are within our control. Things that are not so much within our control; device mix, and so just to point out as you look at some element of spending last year what took place was that 2017 to 2018 saw a significant increase in DRAM WFE and not such a large increase in -- in fact, almost no increase in NAND WFE by our calculation. So again, based on choices we've made in strategic positioning, we have positioned Lam to be extremely strong in 3D NAND and I think you all know that. And so some years it will go -- some years it doesn't work out quite as well. Now -- but we feel really good, and quite honestly, I wouldn't trade our position we have right now for anybody else's. Now your point about Logic, kind of -- just finish on that one. We intend to improve, we're always investing to improve our position across the entire spectrum of applications. I'm not -- I won't play my (ph) expert on your 3-nanometer horizontal nanosheet's application note but we have our CTO office looking at every new inflection that comes and those inflections how we've proven our ability to use those inflections as a share gain opportunities for ourselves and we'll continue to do so. So hopefully that answers your question. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go to a question from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Tim, maybe first off in terms of the 2019 outlook. You detailed about the memory outlook remaining pretty much muted through the rest of this year. I guess what are some of the key variables the investors should look out for whether it be in NAND and DRAM, is it just the pricing environment? Is it the inventory situation? What are some of the key variables that you guys are monitoring that will lead to a change or a turn in positive spending for the Memory market?
Tim Archer: Okay. Yes, I mean it's a great question. I mean, it's one we're asking ourselves all the time, every day. Our customers have a much better view on what their strategies are and what the trigger points are for them to begin investing. But what we're trying to say is that at least from our view what's happening right now is very rational, I mean the pricing environment -- we've seen some talk about taking small amounts of capacity offline, these are all things that we believe will accelerate in improvement in the supply-and-demand balance. So we just watch -- we're watching those, we're talking to customers continuously. And what we're making sure is that regardless as Doug said, we know it's going to come back, I talked about a lot of the demand drivers. There is no question for us about when -- whether Memory comes back, and so we're just focused on staying close to customers and making sure that when they do want to place orders for tools, there is no limitation in our ability to ship to them on the dates they want the systems.
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, this is Doug. How I think about it is that I think we all understand there is inventory in the channel, there is inventory with the hyperscale guys, there is inventory with our customers that needs to clear itself out. And we can all do our best to model that, you can do it as well as we can; obviously, we model it, I know you do too. To me when I think about pricing, pricing is an indication of how supply and demand are clearing and until all the inventory is worked out, a lot of what you're seeing in pricing will be determined by how that inventory is moving through the channel; so you got to pay attention to that because that tells you how things are clearing out. And as Tim said, at some point it will clear up and we're all waiting to see when that does.
Patrick Ho: Right. And as my follow-up question for you Doug; I know you've talked about the installed base business as being kind of a hidden growth driver for the Company and we've seen it now over the last couple of years. Can you just qualitatively perhaps give a little bit of color of both where the leading edges installed base continues to grow obviously with more shipments to 3D NAND and that front, as well as some of the opportunities on a trailing etch where you're saying upgrades, productivity improvements. Can you just give a little bit of color of how much that installed base growth is driven from both, leading etch versus trailing etch?
Doug Bettinger: I mean a lot of it Patrick is leading-etch stuff, right, that tends to be the most technically complex chambers we have in the field and as a result it tends to consume more spare parts than stuff that's out in the field. But as we've talked about in the past, our tools will run for decades, that's a great part about this business, and this part of the business model is -- things need to be upgraded, things need to be maintained, they all need spare parts on a regular basis. At some point one customer might be done with the tool, he will buy it back, refurbish it, sell it to somebody else; so there is a very long tail to the profit generation from the stuff in the field, that's how I think about it. And we've described this in the past as being roughly a quarter of the company's business. Now in a year like this year when new equipment sales are down as much as it is, it will be more than that obviously, likely this year well north of 30%. And so that's a great part of the business this year is, this is actually growing this year Patrick; so it just keeps going. Tim, would you add anything?
Tim Archer: Yes, I think the only thing I would add is, maybe even to reinforce Doug's point about the performance in this business this year; this is the kind of business that quite often when our customers are looking for opportunities to increase their capability without having to go to that next increment which is to actually add capacity which is definitely their mindset right now this year. They turn to us for productivity upgrades, capability upgrades, services that help them get more out of the existing installed base and that's what this whole business is intended to do, is to help them leverage the tools that they've already put in place and probably it's kind of a win-win but it means that in the year like this year it's a very good business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much. So I had two. I guess, Tim first, I wanted to dovetail on the answer that you've just had. And obviously, you guys are a great leverage to 3D NAND but I still get a lot of questions sort of on capital intensity and what your share is of the wallet in the layer migration world versus kind of a planner to a 3D conversion world. So, can you sort of help us baseline that sort of per 1K or per 10K; how much you think the WFE spending is and what's your capture is of that wallet?
Tim Archer: What I'd -- here is what I'd say; I mean, it's a great question and maybe I'll refer back to few other things we've said, and we can then see how close we can get to the level of detail you're looking for. Obviously, we participate as you're talking specifically for layer conversions and 3D NAND; we participate quite significantly in the technologies that are required to make the stack taller, right, basically to increase the density. So we're talking about going from say 64-layer to 96-layer. I don't believe and Doug can correct me if we have, but I don't believe we've actually quantified exactly what we think our share of that spend is externally.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, we haven't quantified it numerically.
Tim Archer: Clearly, we've done it internally, we understand that all. What we did show at the Investor Day last year was that -- obviously for a greenfield investment Lam's opportunity increases meaningfully at every layer of transition as you might expect. I mean you're building a taller stack and it's the taller stacks, deeper etches, the new films that -- I mentioned one; you know, when you get to a taller stack, these new films are required to control wafer bow (ph), are critical to being able to build those taller stacks on the wafer and still be able to process and yield the wafer. Those things do increase capital intensity for us when you're moving between layers. I think the other piece though that we did mention at Investor Day and I guess we can reiterate is that -- from a conversion perspective while the absolute dollars spent are less, our share of wallet as you'd say, our share of WFE actually increases quite significantly because the primary tools that are required to affect that layer transition are etch and depth heavy. And so in a year like this when most of the attention is turned towards conversion it becomes a year in which maybe we would be achieving and obtaining a higher share of total spend in that area. But I know that doesn't quantify for you, but I don't believe we've done that externally, probably not prepared to do so today.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks, Tim. Yes, that was kind of where I was getting at, just layer migration versus the 2D to 3D world. So, thank you for that. And then Doug, just a quick follow-up; so on free cash flow payout I think you paid a little more than all of your free cash flow this quarter. Is that still the sort of payout all of your free cash flow going forward? And I guess the question really is on repo and how opportunistic you were when the stock was lower versus now that the stock is higher? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim. I mean our formally committed metric that we are committed to return is I think we did this at our Analyst Day last year is at least 50% of the free cash flow and your observation is exactly right, last quarter it was more than 100% and the last several years it's been close to 100%. The way I think about it is, we are opportunistic, we are sensitive to what we perceive fair value of our business to be and where things are trading, we announced at our last earnings call a new authorization, $5 billion, I didn't communicate the timeframe for that and we'll see as it goes. But obviously the fact that in the June quarter year regarding the share count down again, you know we're going to be the market again in June and I've described it as I think about it as being opportunistic. I'm not going to exactly say what that means but we do pay attention to the value of the stock as we're executing.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question, I have two of them. First one, Tim just to touch upon the market share last year; it looks like you guys did lose some share, especially on dielectric etch (ph) in NAND versus tail and my understanding was that tail is going to two of the customers because of productivity. Just trying to figure out -- I mean, maybe the press release we had was probably related to that. Is there a way that loss can be stemmed or do you think your share gains in the more challenging channel whole etches will more than offset any weakness in the flip etch? And then I'll had a follow-up question for Doug.
Tim Archer: Well, I'm not going to talk about any specific applications but in general, my comments about semi-critical applications where both your technical capability to do the application as well as productivity are if not equally important certainly like in the mix of the decision that's an area where obviously it's more competitive. And what I'm basically messaging is, our Company is going to focus on delivering best-in-class products that are best-in-class both, for technology and productivity. In many areas we already do that, I talked about the QSM, the deposition tool for -- like the strata ON-ON tool; in terms of productivity it delivered the 3D NAND on many dimensions, cost per wafer, fab space per wafer out. These are all dimensions we're -- as we said we believe we're unparalleled in terms of productivity delivered. Some of the etch applications; we may have some room to go and so when you say can it be stemmed; it's an area of focus for us and I think our track record of both, equipment and process development in critical application demonstrates we have the capability to do it, we have the productivity know-how inside the company to do it as well, and though I will say I'm not overly concerned but it is somewhat coming from our strategy if we needed to ensure we were securing critical applications that will continue to pay -- offer us for many years to come first and I think now we can definitely take on some of the challenges we've had in semi-critical.
Krish Sankar: Got it, that's helpful Tim. And then a follow-up for Doug. If I look at your OpEx and try to normalize it on a weekly basis given that March had an extra week in the quarter; it looks like the OpEx run rate really hasn't changed, it looks like it's about $35 million on a weekly basis. But you guys did takeout 150 headcount, so I'm just wondering was it more flexing on the COGS side or should we expect maybe a downside to OpEx going forward?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean the best I'll give you prospectively is that we just got the June quarter. I don't know what it will be precisely, I'm not going to tell you September and December and beyond. What I said in response to an earlier question is the best guidance to give you is plus or minus where we are in June. And I think, Krish, in the first half of the year you have some unique things that happened the first, you're absolutely right, it was our 14-week quarter that occurs every six years, something like six years. We have that elective deferred compensation program, drive spending up that was offset in OINE. I don't anticipate that happens again, but if the market significantly moves you will see some permutations for things like that. In the first half of the year also you get payroll taxes come in that go away later in the year. So that dynamic comes and goes and then quite honestly with our R& D spending it's based on programs and projects and schedules and it's not perfectly linear, it's not the same every single quarter, there will be some lumpiness to that and that's why we'll guide you quarter-by-quarter as we go. We're conscious of the profitability of the Company, obviously we're conscious of wanting to maintain that profitability, it's why we undertook the workforce action we did. And the last thing I'd say is, part of that workforce action Krish was in cost of goods sold, it wasn't just in direct spending. So there is lots of things moving around.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Nice job on the quarterly execution. We're going to see the focus on semi-critical layer applications. The market doesn't tend to focus here a whole lot but there appears to be a lot of opportunity here as you mentioned where the team can win on attributes like productivity, reliability, tool footprint and all of this obviously have a significant impact on overall wafer cost for your customers. So, of the share gain targets that you guys have set forth in your 2021 model how much of this share capture is due to winning semi-critical applications?
Doug Bettinger: We haven't quantified it Harlan but a piece of it certainly is, a piece of it certainly is. And you know when I think about it is and what I hear Tim say all the time is, obviously, productivity is a technology challenge, right. The most productive platform doesn't necessarily mean the cheapest, it doesn't, right? You innovate in productivity, you innovate with the architectures as Tim talked about. You can win business at nice profitability which is what we're aspiring to do.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question. Some element of it, I mean in many ways you're improving performance even on critical when you're working on things like artificial differentiation for semi-critical, so this isn't where you need to drive completely different attributes. I think it's just a natural part, especially in the 3D NAND space actually -- of how the technology has also evolved and matured as well. I mean, if you go back a couple of years ago, maybe there was a lot more focus on the technical enablement of 3D NAND, it meant a lot more applications looked critical. And I think now as it's matured we figure out which ones we can push the boundaries of our throughput and cost reduction in a way that we can make 3D NAND lower cost for our customers to produce and therefore maybe drive increased volume, I mean basically through elasticity. So it's a focus of ours and like I said it's not something new; I mean the -- many of the deposition applications for a long time have competed in the semi-critical space and that's why you see unique tool plans that bring back up the QSM, architectural differentiation specifically for productivity, it's a winner. The Kiyo Etch and Corvus R announcement; Doug's point about almost every cost problem requires a technology solution, now that's a technology solution, I mean it may sound easy but the idea of a tool that can replace it's own hardware without human intervention, that's a technology solution to a cost and productivity problem. And I think it's just the first example of the types of things that we want to drive out of our technology organization focused on cost.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insights there. And then as my follow-up, as your Memory customers continue to focus on profitability and free cash flow, they started off by cutting CapEx, now they are limiting supply to the market by building inventory and then more recently idealing (ph) capacity or even cutting wafer starts. I mean, now that utilization in fab activity does drive a part of your installed base business and so wondering if you can comment on whether or not you expect to see any potential impact of these customer actions on your services business on a go-forward basis?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, maybe a little bit Harlan. Honestly, as I think you well know, our spares consumption often -- well, not often is correlated with fab utilization; so if utilization comes down the consumption of spare parts will reduce a bit. Independent of that, we still see a nice growth here for the installed base. We still are going to deliver record levels of revenue and profits in that part of the business. So yes, we're still feeling great about what's going on. Tim, anything?
Tim Archer: No, no. I think I'd just point you back to the comment I made. The utilization portion that was what Doug was commenting on, obviously some work dependence there on utilization to things like spares and consumables etcetera. But I made the comment which I think is also shouldn't be lost; it's in years like this the customers are looking to us to help them improve the productivity of their installed tools through upgrades and services, and so you maybe getting a little bit of a balance between those two elements of our installed base business and that's why even in face of this business we're telling you we'll deliver a record year in installed base.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Westin [ph] with KeyBanc.
Unidentified Analyst: I actually wanted to follow-up on the installed base business. I'm wondering that if you have a significant slowdown until shipments this year; does that impact your installed base revenue growth trajectory next year and come more importantly, does it put that 2021 target model at risk?
Tim Archer: No, we're still tracking to where we want to be relative to the growth drivers in this business. You're right, if the growth of chambers slows there will be a lag effect to the growth of the installed base business but we're still feel really good about where we're headed here.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. And as a follow-up, you talk about the self-maintenance chamber, that's sounds really interesting. I'm wondering who would be the typical customer and is that something that could help you accelerate revenue growth next year as the Memory CapEx begins to recover?
Doug Bettinger: Well that's what we're doing. Yes, obviously it could apply to all applications; it's first application here was in a Memory focused etch application, and I think that we -- just again, it will be more sensitive to places where you're wanting to manage very high-volume production with minimal human intervention. I mean what it really does is, it allows us to not have to interrupt the tool by opening into replaced arps (ph). And so I guess any high-volume application could be a target for it. If it's successful as it's proving out right now then sure it represents a share gain opportunity for us, and therefore better position when spending recovers.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, that's helpful. Just to clarify, so you think there will be a product in the marketplace next year helping generate revenue growth?
Tim Archer: Yes.
Doug Bettinger: Westin, it's in the market right now.
Tim Archer: Yes, that was the announcement whether it is manufacturing and manufacturing right now high-volume in manufacturing.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mitchell Steves with RBC.
Mitchell Steves: First one, during your prepared remarks you guys stated that you saw a little bit more softening in DRAM; but then you didn't have a comment on NAND. So my reason is mostly in between lines, I think maybe NAND price is bottoms high of DRAM or is that I guess a bad assumption to make?
Tim Archer: I mean, it's just read it be our outlook for NAND is unchanged.
Mitchell Steves: Okay, got it. And then secondly in terms of the China demand right now. And obviously has been a lot of growth in terms of what the impact has been between the tariffs. So (inaudible) kind of quantify the impact of the tariffs U.S.?
Tim Archer: Well, if you mean specifically the impact of the tariffs on Lam results -- what we have said is that we've been able to mitigate close to the point that they are included and reported in our financials and their part of our guidance and then I would say that they have been very minimal impact at this point.
Doug Bettinger: How to mitigate what might have occurred Mitch. It's gotten material impact on anything you're seeing from us right now.
Operator: We'll now go to a question from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Tim, I'm wondering how is the visibility and outlook for the second half now versus what have thought quarter ago. We have heard from some of the Memory customers that they are expecting some optimism about the second half but the inventory situation is not getting much better. So I'm just wondering how you're looking at the second half what's on your dashboard as you look at visibility and at what point do you think you will be shipping demand? Has that view changed in the last quarter or so?
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question. We have been -- I mean where do we look at, I mean, we're said in constant contact with our customers. The message we delivered today and are delivering on this call is that there a year is playing out pretty much as we stated on the last call which is we cheese no meaningful recovery in Memory spending through this year. And we exit with supply growth meaningfully below the long-term demand both in DRAM and NAND. And so we have said 2019 is a year in nature kind of the balance of supply and demand and then inventory issues gets resolved in away that we exit the year and are set up for a much stronger outlook in 2020. That's what we said in January. I guess I'd say we just are a reiterating that we still see it playing out that way. And that's how we're looking at it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, we'll give you one follow-up. Operator just a heads-up we have a time after this for one more call.
Vivek Arya: So very quickly, I don't know whether you answered it before. But what's the sensitivity of the services business to what you're seeing on those businesses. So you will mean historically to see our historically does it mean services go down next year or do you think that enough growth in the installed base and consumables to still have conceptually a positive year consummately positive year next year?
Doug Bettinger: We that when we look at this we see this is a growth year for the installed base business and it will grow next year too.
Operator: We'll take a question from Mehdi Hosseini (ph) with SIG.
Unidentified Analyst: All the good questions have you asked. I just have one quick follow-up. When you talk about Logic and Foundry, and others, does that include advanced packaging and image sensors? And if not what does that put in which pocket?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Mehdi for us it's Logic and Other as you rightly pointed out. So yes, that's where image sensors goes, that's where advanced packaging goes, it's Logic plus everything else.
Unidentified Analyst: When you talk about a slight upside to Logic and Foundry, would that include better-than-expected advanced packaging and image sensors?
Doug Bettinger: That's not what's driving the upside and spending that we're seeing, it's more leading etch stuff.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time I will turn the conference back to Ms. Tina Correia for any additional or closing remarks.
Tina Correia: Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the December Quarter Financial Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tina Correa, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead maam.
Tina Correia: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Tim Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our overview on the business environment and review our financial results for the December 2018 quarter and our outlook for the March 2019 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 oclock p.m. Pacific Time this afternoon. The release can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 oclock p.m. Pacific Time. A replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, let me hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Archer: Thank you all for joining us today. Its good to be here with you on my first earnings call as Lams CEO. I have met many of you before Lam events, but I recognize there are some on the call that may not know me quite as well. So Id like to start by briefly recapping how my experience at Lam and Novellus over the last 24 years has shaped my perspective on what it takes to compete and win in this business over the long term. I have been fortunate to have opportunities that expanded the companys operations from being embedded as a process engineer inside the development fab of one of our leading customers to heading our technology organization in Japan to leading product groups through periods of key technology inflections to managing our worldwide sales organization. Most recently, I has been charged with driving company-wide business results as the CEO of Lam since the time of the merger with Novellus. During this period, from calendar 2013 to 2018, we grew revenue by 2.7 times and increased earnings per share two times faster than the increase in revenue. From my experiences I believe in the critical importance of building deep and lasting customer collaborations founded on mutual trust. I am committed to continuously investing in a pipeline of differentiated products that help our customers address their most difficult technology and productivity challenges. And as we see in the current environment, I value having a flexible operating model that enables us to respond rapidly to market changes to ensure we deliver on our commitments to our customers as well as our shareholders. I believe we are still in the early stages of a long-term secular growth story for the industry and particularly for Lam. What you can expect to see from my leadership as CEO is increased focus on leveraging our core strength to deliver technology and productivity solutions to the fastest growing segments of the semiconductor equipment market, which in the long-term we believe are those tied to the enablement of the emerging data economy. I am very proud of what our company has accomplished in recent years and I am honoured to have the opportunity to lead Lam to an even greater future. Before I continue, I want to provide an update on the investigation we announced in connection with Martins departure. As you know from our December press release, our board formed an independent special committee to lead a thorough investigation into allegations of misconduct and conduct inconsistent with our core values. That investigation is now substantially complete and there have been no other personal actions and none have been recommended by the special committee. Core values have always been a foundation of Lams success and I am committed to a culture of trust, respect and open communication built around an environment in which our employees feel free to speak up on workplace issues. To reinforce this culture, the special committee has recommended that we review our policies, practices and training related to workplace conduct and increased our communications on these topics. To reiterate what we said in December, the alleged misconduct did not call into question the integrity of the companys financial systems or controls, and the special committees investigation has confirmed this. Now turning to our view on the business. In line with our prior guidance, we delivered a solid December quarter despite a more challenging environment. We also completed the strongest calendar year in the history of the company with $10.871 billion in revenues, a 14% year-on-year increase at the same time we delivered growth in EPS of 27% and an increase in operating cash flows of more than 50% from the prior calendar year. I would like to thank our customers, our employees and our partners for their support and contribution to these results. From Lams perspective, industry performance for calendar 2018 came in largely as we have communicated in our prior earnings call. Overall, WFE was in line with our expectations of single-digit growth at approximately $50 billion with an increase in memory and a year-on-year decline in non-memory spending. Entering 2019, industry fundamentals have weakened, particularly within memory segments as customers continue to reign in both NAND and DRAM spending. At this point, 2019 WFE is looking to be down in the mid to high-teens range. For NAND, 2019 offers what we believe is a solid long-term setup for the industry as the supply bit growth rate is expected to decline throughout the year. NAND demand should continue to benefit from content increase in consumer and enterprise applications and we began to see initial signs of demand elasticity in the client SSD markets as we exited the 2018. In DRAM, while near-term dynamics remaining challenging, customer behaviour remains rationale and industry profitability characteristics remain compelling. We believe customers are making prudent adjustments to capacity in response to the overall demand environment they are seeing. We expect DRAM WFE spend correction to extend through 2019 with supply growth fall into the mid-teens as we exit the year. Non-memory segments are expected to grow in 2019 and with the continued rise in the importance of 3D architectures, technology innovation for transistor, interconnect and advanced packaging applications remains a critical priority for us as we grow our strategic relevance with our customers in this segment. In aggregate, we feel confident that were operating in a rational industry environment, one that is well positioned to deliver attractive long-term growth and opportunity. With that as context, we are executing to the growth strategy that I described during our Investor Day earlier last year. Our strategy focuses along three primary vectors: expanding the size of our served available markets, gaining market share in the segments in which we compete and increasing the recurring revenue stream we derived from our installed base. Etch and deposition processes are central to the success of our customers technology roadmaps and we continue to make substantial, comprehensive, yet disciplined investments in R&D to fund the innovation required to create differentiated solutions and long-term value. In the December quarter, we continued to build on our leadership position in both NAND and DRAM for critical applications with key penetrations for high aspect ratio Etch, and 3D NAND dielectric stack deposition applications. Furthermore, we continued to extend our high aspect ratio Etch leadership into non-memory segments with critical wins for metal interconnect and spacer applications at a leading logic customer. In atomic layer deposition film quality, repeatability and productivity are fundamental elements of differentiation for Lam. During the quarter, we gained momentum in both DRAM and NAND with new application wins. While we are pleased with these wins in critical applications, we are committed to strengthening the performance of our product portfolio across the board. Our R&D investments are squarely focused on achieving our vision of best-in-class products everywhere we compete. Turning now to revenue derived from our expanding installed base, our customer support business group delivered another record year. Installed base revenue growth exceeded installed base unit growth again in 2018 with installed base units in the field ending the year at roughly 56,000 chambers. We closed out the year on a high note, signing with a key customer, the single largest installed base deal in our history. Our focus with CSBG is to provide innovative products and services, which create value for customers over the entire life cycle of tool ownership. We partner closely with customers as we help them extract increased technical capability and higher productivity from existing assets. And in return, we are building a strong recurring revenue stream for Lam. 2019 is shaping up to be another solid year for our customer support business group and our progress remains aligned with the long-term growth objectives communicated to the investment community early last year. In closing, the business environment is more challenging than just a few quarters ago, but we are committed to delivering on our multidimensional growth strategy and at the same time responding to near-term revenue trends through a strong focus on operational efficiency. Lam has a proven track record of execution and we believe we are fundamentally well positioned in the right segments of the market. The new $5 billion share buyback program we announced earlier today in our press release reflects our continued confidence in Lams long-term opportunities. Doug will provide details on the program in his comments. Additionally, Id like to mention that Ill be on the road in the coming weeks and look forward to meeting with many of you. I will also be participating in the Goldman Sachs Technology Conference in San Francisco on February 13. Thanks. And now, heres Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Excuse me. Thanks Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Lam delivered solid performance in the December quarter with our results exceeding the midpoint of guidance for all financial metrics. Operating margin and earnings per share exceeded the high end of the guidance range provided, mainly due to our proactive management of our operating expenses. Overall memory revenue increased slightly from the September quarter with the combined Memory segment making up 79% of total system revenue. NAND volume and memory revenue drove the increase in the Memory segment and it represented approximately 55% of system revenue. NAND investments were driven primarily by conversions to higher layer cut wafers. DRAM represented 24% of system revenue in the December quarter, which was roughly flat with the prior quarter. The majority of spending in all of memory was targeted at conversions. The foundry segment declined quarter-over-quarter, accounting for 13% of system revenue, mainly due to reduced China foundry investments. You may recall on the September call, I spoke about how strong that was and it declined somewhat in December. The logic and other segment was up slightly, contributing 8% of system revenue. From an industry perspective, Tim discussed our view of 2019 WFE. Currently, we believe WFE spending is weighted to the first half of 2019, driven by Foundry and Logic investments. We believe memory investments will be meaningfully lower in 2019 while the combined Foundry and Logic will be up. Our assumption based on our customer interactions is that there is not a significant recovery in memory spending throughout 2019. We expect the year in memory will be mainly driven by node conversions to lower our customers cost per bit. DRAM spending will be primarily on conversions to 1y and a little bit of 1z and NAND converting to 96-Layer devices. Let me now turn to our P&L performance. We delivered revenues of $2.523 billion in the December quarter. This was up sequentially by 8% from September and was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. Gross margin for the quarter came in at 46.3%. As I always do, Ill remind you, our actual gross margins are a function of several factors such as business volume, product mix and customer concentration. And we expect to see variability quarter-to-quarter. Operating expenses in the quarter came in at $440 million, slightly down from the operating expense level in the September quarter. Worth noting, I think, we decreased our operating expenses for the first half of 2018 to the second half by approximately $100 million as we managed spending relative to the software business environment. R&D comprised nearly two thirds of our total spending, consistent with the composition of spending in the previous two quarters. Weve maintained a high percentage of our OpEx and R&D to support the long-term growth objectives for the company. Operating income in the December quarter was $728 million. Operating margin came in over the guidance range at 28.8%, mainly as a result of the reduced spending within the quarter as well as gross margin that came in slightly above the midpoint of our guided range. The non-GAAP tax rate for the December quarter came in at 10%, which was slightly lower than the long-term rate. This was due to discrete tax benefits realized relative to statute of limitations explorations within the quarter. In the longer run, the tax rate in the low to middle teens is the right range for you to continue to include in your models. And there will be fluctuations in the tax rate from quarter-to-quarter. Based on a share count of approximately 162 million shares, earnings per share for the December quarter came in at $3.87, which exceeded our guidance range. The share count includes dilution from the 2041 convertible notes, and the dilutive impact was approximately six million shares in the December quarter. Ill remind you that the dilution schedule for the 2041 convertible notes is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. Id also point out that the 2018 warrants mature during the December quarter. We continue to execute on our capital return program. For the December quarter, we paid out $168 million in dividends. Related to the share buyback, in January of 2019, we completed our previous $4 billion share buyback authorization, repurchasing over 23 million shares in total. Additionally, as Tim mentioned and that we noted in the press release we issued today, our board has approved a new authorization to repurchase up to $5 billion of our common stock. Todays capital return announcement is consistent with our current plan of returning at least 50% of free cash flow to stockholders. And in summary, for the calendar 2018 year, we returned $3 billion share buybacks and over $500 million in dividends, which along with the new authorization that was announced today, continues to demonstrate our commitment to shareholder return. Our cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, was flat with the September quarter at $3.9 billion. During the December quarter, our cash from operations came in at $642 million, which was offset by pay down on our commercial paper program of approximately $360 million as well as the dividends that I have previously mentioned. For the 2018 calendar year, our cash from operations was over $3 billion. This was consistent with what I mentioned in the last earnings call. DSO during the quarter decreased by five days to 67 days. Our inventory levels decreased, and consistent with our expectations, inventory turns increased to 3.2 times, which was an improvement from 2.7 times in the prior quarter. Company noncash expenses included approximately $39 million for equity comp, $36 million for amortization and $46 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures came in at $106 million in the December quarter, which was an increase of $56 million from September. Due to the timing of certain projects, December quarter CapEx was a little bit on the high side of what we expected. I expect that as we go into calendar 2019, CapEx will be somewhat lower than the 2018 level. As we noted in the last quarter, our CapEx investments are focused on manufacturing expansion for our installed base business as well as strategic R&D investments. We exited the quarter with approximately 10,950 regular full time employees, which was relatively flat with September quarter. I think its worth noting that we maintain flexibility in managing our cost by adjusting our temporary workforce for short-term changes in business conditions. We reduced our temporary headcount by over 700 people since the peak levels we were carrying earlier this year. So now looking ahead, Id like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the March quarter. We are expecting revenue of $2,400,000,000 plus or minus a $150 million. Were forecasting gross margin of 44.5% plus or minus one percentage point. Gross margins will decline sequentially due to customer concentration, product mix and lower factory volumes. And as I just mentioned, as we sit here today, we expect the gross margin percentage will be at a low point in March relative to the rest of calendar year 2019. Were forecasting operating margins of 25% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $3.40 plus or minus $0.20 based on the share count of approximately 159 million shares. And I just remind you that in the March quarter, we have an extra work week in the fiscal quarter, which happens approximately every six years due to the fiscal calendar cutoff. March spending is expected to be higher in cost of goods sold as well as operating expenses as a result of the extra work week. Ill also remind you that the March quarter has seasonal impacts due to payroll taxes that go up in the beginning of the year. Both of these things are included in our stated guidance. For 2019, first half business view is lower than our prior outlook, given the recent announcements of reductions that youve seen from commentary from others in the technology space. With this current environment, we continue to exercise and discipline in our spending, and were focused on prioritizing investments to support Lams SAM expansion, market share gains and installed base growth. Operator that concludes my prepared remarks, Tim and I will now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question today from C. J. Muse with Evercore.
C. J. Muse: Yes good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, first question. As you think about WFE levels in the 4Q and 1Q time frame, can you share with us what you think the implied forward  growth rate is for both DRAM and NAND?
Doug Bettinger: C. J. its Doug. I think, generally speaking, as Tim mentioned, we expect bit growth as we go through 2019 to decline as we go through the year as customers adjust their spending. Overall, I think 2018 ended from a NAND standpoint in the low-40s. DRAM, I think, is low-20s. And we expect that to decline as we go through 2019, Tim, as customers adjust their spending levels. Tim, would you add anything?
Tim Archer: No, I think thats  the comment is we, at this point, see us ending the year below what Lam has said about the long-term sustainable demand growth rates. So I think that, its why were pretty optimistic about the setup exiting 2019.
C. J. Muse: I guess, if I could clarify the question. If you look at order run rates today, what is the implied bit growth that would come online, say, three, four quarters from now? I think youve done analysis on that where I think Q4 DRAM, were tracking maybe up 10%. If spending just stayed at those levels, is there any analysis you can share there with us on both DRAM and NAND?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim. I dont have specific numbers for you except what we describe, which is as we go through the year, its going to decline as customers adjust their spending level.
C. J. Muse: Okay. And as a follow-up, Im trying to do a little bit more work here and better understand your leverage to technology versus capacity buys, in particular, as it relates on the 3D NAND site in high aspect ratio etch. So can you walk through what percentage of overall etch spend or etch is in 3D, particularly as we scale up the layer counts?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim. We havent given hard numbers on that. But as I think as customers invest in conversions, they spend less money but they spend more as a percentage on etch and deposition. We describe that consistently in the past, and thats very much what we see happening this year.
Tim Archer: But I think if the question was the percentage of high aspect ratio applications where Lams position is very strong, its increasing node by node. And thats just based on the fact that it takes longer in general to complete those etches. And thats, obviously, our task to make those continuously faster. But it is increasing at each technology node.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, C. J.
C. J. Muse: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next well hear from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you. Doug and Tim, I had a question just about the trajectory of the year. So if I take the WFE you guys are guiding to like 42 for this year, it looks like your product WFE share, you dont tell us what services are. But it looks like your product WFE share is somewhere in the low-15s the past couple of years. So if I could just assume that they flat, which I wonder that it will given that UVs ramping, that implies that revenue kind of like is flat throughout the rest of the year from this level. Is that the wrong way to think about it? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Tim, I think what we try to describe in short. Yes, Tim, Im getting confused who Im talking to. I think as the year sets up, we expect the first half of the year is going to be weighted towards Foundry and Logic. It will be stronger in the first half from the second half. And memory is may be a little bit stronger in the second half than the first half. We dont see a significant recovery occurring on memory, I would point that out. But I think, as you know, we tend to be very, very strong in memory. So with memory down year-on-year, our share likely trends along with that. Thats not a statement around any application, win or loss. Its just a statement of whos spending money. Tim, would you add anything?
Tim Archer: Yes. I think internally in the company, I dont think your thinking is too far off. And we look at the most important measures of success for us this year. And its how were doing on the applications that we want to make sure that we own when the spending does pick up. And as long as were doing that, then the precise timing of when spending comes back in NAND is less important to us. So its really our focus.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. And then Doug, I had a question on deferred revenue. It was down about $130 million again. So it sounds like shipments were more like maybe $2.4 billion for the fourth quarter. So my question is how much more can you draw down deferred revenue? Because obviously, it sounds like if you give a shipments in March, it will be lower than $2.4 billion. But where does that number  where does that $493 million worth of deferred revenue? Where does that bottom out? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I think Ive described it, Tim, in the past. Its going to bounce around $100 million quarter-on-quarter. I think some quarters, it will be down as youre seeing now. Some quarters, I think, it will also be up. I dont know that it meaningfully changes from the level where its at right now. But it will very depend on the percentage of new tools were shipping, how strong the business with certain customers is, certain regions of the world is little bit different. I dont view it as going to zero at any point, Tim. But it will bounce around plus or minus $100 million, it is how I would be thinking about it.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, got it. So Doug, so I mean shipments are about equal to revenue for March, is that right?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Im not guiding shipments anymore, Tim. What I said was it will be plus or minus $100 million quarter-by-quarter. Some quarters will be down. Some quarters will be up. Its all just timing, quite honestly.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it, okay. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thanks, Tim.
Operator: Well now hear from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for let me ask the question. Doug, maybe another way to ask Tims question. I was intrigued that you commented that March quarter should be the bottom in gross margin for the year. Im just kind of curious, is that because you expect March to be the low point in revenue? Are there mix drivers that helped gross margin going forward?
Doug Bettinger: I always say, John, theres a variety of different things that impact gross margin. I usually mentioned three things. Overall business volume is a component. But as I think, we have a highly variable cost structure. This isnt a big fixed cost business. This isnt like our customers. Were highly variable in our cost. Tool mix is important. Not all of our tools have the same gross margin. And sometimes, that mix will be beneficial sequentially. Sometimes, it will be negative. And then customer concentration, when you get the bigger customer spending more or its that more concentrated customers, you might have a little bit of margin headwinds. All of those things are important to think about relative to the trend in gross margin, and all of those are relevant to the comment I had about March being a low point.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful. And then maybe kind of a follow-up to CJs question, just relative  appreciate the fact that in this volatile environment, your willingness to give us a view on the full year on WFE being down mid-to-high teens. Im just kind of curious when you look at your SAM and whether that be some incremental share gains on the Logic front at 10 or some incremental SAM gains as we go from 64 to 96 and/or 1x to 1y to 1z. Do you think your SAM outperforms, performs in line or underperforms the overall WFE this year, Tim?
Tim Archer: I think if we  taking all those things into account you just said, I would think that we feel that our SAM actually underperforms to be a few this year. And thats primarily because of the heavy concentration of our SAM in 3D NAND as you know. And so I think that should be the expectation if the year plays out as we have described, which is no material increase in 3D NAND or NAND spending through the year.
John Pitzer: Helpful, thanks, guys.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Joh.
Operator: Krish Sankar with Cowen has our next question.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one, Doug and Tim, just on the reconcile what you said in the front of WFE year versus what ASML said, is it fair to assume is it because the back half is mainly concentrated on EUV from the foundry side? And then I had a follow-up, too.
Tim Archer: I think there is a few things, and I will let Doug jump in here with his comments as well. But when you look at ASMLs comments and as best we understand them kind of talking about the recovery in DRAM in the second half of the year, thats not necessarily inconsistent with us exiting the year with a better setup for the first half. And I think that you have to think about the way the tools come in into new  into fabs and new projects. Our experiences that litho and metrology tools usually lead etch and deposition tools sometimes by as much as a quarter or so. So that made those statements maybe not inconsistent, and thats kind of why were thinking about it. I mean, I guess, our view, everybody in this environment will have a slightly different view in spending to come back. But were wanting to state at this point that our best view from conversations with customers is no material increase in memory spending throughout 2019.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I dont have anything to really add, Krish. I think as Tim said, litho usually leads our stuff. And well tell you what were seeing right now. We could have it wrong. But when we parsed what we heard from ASML, I didnt really feel inconsistent to us.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. Actually, thats very helpful, Tim and Doug. As a follow-up question, when you talk to your memory customers, Im kind of curious how do they look at CapEx? Are they waiting for their pricing/margins to bottom before they start getting comfortable about buying semi cap equipment? Or is it going to be in tandem? Or does one lead the other? And as a subset to that, which thing is going to recover first from here onwards in NAND or DRAM? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Well. Its a tough question. I mean I think that actually, when theyre going to spend is a question better asked to them. I mean, exactly what metrics theyre looking at. I guess, if we look at which of the two, NAND or DRAM might recover earlier, I mean I guess, if we look back, we saw NAND correction starting earlier in 2018 than DRAM did. And so were  I guess, at the end of the day, its all about demand. But we see both of them tracking as we get to the end of the year, well below what we think are the long-term demand growth bit rates. So either one could recover. Neither one could recover. I mean thats  its not a great view, but we think that in both cases, the market sets up for investment in either one as we exit the year.
Doug Bettinger: Well, what I would tell you, my personal view, Krish. It will recover at some point. That I know for sure. And the trend we see relative to spending in the year that we just described suggests to what Tim and I that theyre going to need to invest relative to long-term bit demand. We just dont necessarily see it happening in 2019 quite yet, at least not in a meaningful way.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and thanks for the detail and outlook for 2019. But can you guys just true us up on your prior view first half of 2019 versus the second half of last year? Relative to the weak spending environment, how are you seeing the first half of this year relative to last year second half?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Harlan, what I tried to described in my remarks is first half of 2019 now looks weaker than it previously did. And Im not going to give quantification of it because then Id essentially be guiding you for two quarters. Were going to get back to our normal practice of guiding one quarter at a time. But given the well-understood weakness of smartphones and inventory adjustments in some of our customers as well as the cloud guys, its somewhat weaker than it was when we describe it last time.
Harlan Sur: Great, appreciate the insights there. And given the view on WFE being down kind of mid to high-teens this year, at the same time, the team had a strong shipment growth the last couple of years. You were driving  I was looking at it first half of last year, you guys were driving like 25% year-over-year shipment growth. Many of these tools are coming off warranty and on to service contracts this year. So this should be a tailwind for the team. So how should we think about the installed base business trajectory relative to your WFE outlook?
Tim Archer: Well, I guess, Ill try to cover some of that in my opening remarks. But clearly, we feel very good about our installed base business on two dimensions. One, the strengths of Lams business over the last several years has caused our overall installed base to grow. So there is more tools for which we can sell things. And two, weve been investing in that business to create new products and services. Some in the areas of vis--vis the data economy, using data to make our tools more productive for customers. And those products and services are getting traction, and this will be another strong year for CSBG for our installed base business. So thats a focus of mine, and I think it provides a very important revenue stream for the company long-term.
Harlan Sur: Yes, thanks for the insights.
Tim Archer: Yes. Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. On that topic of installed base business, I wonder if you guys have considered providing sort of better disclosure around that? It seems like that will go a long way towards understanding the sustainability of that business versus the other parts of the business.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I guess, we havent really accomplished our objective very well, Joe. Weve been talking a lot more about it more recently than we have. Were providing you with tools kind of the installed base on a consistent basis and I will try to make it easy to understand everything we talked about in the past. Relative to segment reporting, were not going to do that. We dont need too, because were not tripping the roles up there. And from a competitive standpoint, we dont necessarily want to have an out quite as visible unless we have to. But it is a meaningful part of how we generate profit. Its a meaningful part of how we generate cash for sure. And were trying to talk more about it, so you understand it. I mean, Tim talked quite a bit about it. So well keep trying to do a better job, Joe.
Joe Moore: Great, thats helpful. And then I guess, in terms of the buyback and the pace of the buyback and 50% of free cash, whats your assessment of the right amount of cash to have on the balance sheet? And do you need to have any? Can you be leveraged? How do you think long-term about what the balance sheet should look like?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, its a good question, Joe. I havent communicated specific numbers. We need a certain amount of cash. We like to be able to fund a certain amount of R&D and CapEx and so forth. Were carrying more cash today than we need to run the company. What we decide to do relative to that, I think, well evolve over time. But I dont have a hard and fast number that Im going to share with you necessarily. We certainly could have more debt on the balance sheet know if we chose to do that. And the pace of the buyback, I think were going to be opportunistic. Im not going to communicate a timeframe and I will let you know quarter-by-quarter on how were thinking about it and what were doing.
Joe Moore: Very helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thanks, Joe.
Operator: Patrick Ho with Stifel has our next question.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Maybe first question in terms of the installed base business, I think in your last Analyst Day, you talked about $1 billion incremental opportunity. Over the next three to five years, how do you see the revenue growth rate? Is this a 10% type of growth business? Or do you see a higher to get to that incremental billion dollars you talked about?
Tim Archer: Well, I guess  yes, so you recall the billion-dollar number. I mean, as I mentioned, were on  we feel we are on track for that trajectory. At the Investor Day, we said that the installed base business was approximately 25% of our total revenue. And so, I guess, with that information, you kind of healthy growth rate. Its a business that is definitely growing. Our objective is to have the installed base business itself grow faster than the rate of growth at the installed base. And now again, we provide information this year with the installed base growing from approximately 50,000 chambers to an ending  year ending 56,000 chambers at the end of last year. So maybe with those, you can triangulate the numbers. We can also maybe do it for you and get back to you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Patrick, how I think about it and Tim described it the way I think about it, which is on a normalized rate, its been about 25% of the companys business. If you recall back at the Investor Day, Tim described three growth vectors, each about the same size. So if you think about installed base, its a third of the growth and normalized at 25% of the business, so you can triangulate that way relative to the growth at that. It will grow faster than the installed base for sure. Now in the year like 2019, if it shapes up the way perhaps, its going to with WFE down as much. It will be more than 25%, obviously.
Tim Archer: I think one important point since were talking about installed base business. I just mentioned, I think it can sometimes get lost in terms of how we are driving this business faster than the installed base itself is growing. And it all comes down to investing in the creation of new products and services. Things that help the customer relocate tools for new applications, extend the technology for those toolsets the new applications, higher productivity, higher throughput from owned assets. And as weve seen in many ways, the lagging node business gets stronger and more heavily utilized. We find a lot of installed base business for tools that have been around and out in the field for quite a number of years. We have just lot of interest in getting new products and services for that fleet. So its a pretty attractive business.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thats also very helpful.
Tim Archer: Go ahead. If you can do one more, if you got it, Patrick.
Patrick Ho: Real quick on the DRAM on the memory side of things, we know that capital intensity trends increase on the 3D NAND side of things with the layer count. How do you see the transition for etch and deposition as you go from 1x to 1y and eventually to 1z?
Doug Bettinger: Our SAM continues to grow as we step through that. Thats all about self-aligned patterning and that is very etch and deposition SAM, Patrick.
Tim Archer: Yes. And actually, these technology nodes also create new opportunities for films. I mean I spoke a little bit about our effort in atomic layer deposition. As you step from 1x to 1y to 1z, there are new applications being created for atomic layer deposition for instance that wouldnt have existed in prior nodes. And so were looking at it both from growth in our existing applications as well as our ability to win new ones also.
Patrick Ho: Thank you.
Tim Archer: Yes, thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Well now hear from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First, quick clarification on the last earnings call, you guys expected DRAM up in first half this year versus second half last year and NAND down. Is it fair to say that youre seeing both the DRAM and NAND down in first half of this year versus second half last year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Were not going to provide segment level color on the quarterly guide except we gave a little color on how we see WFE setting up in that [indiscernible] like, which is foundry logic is first half weighted. Memory, probably a little bit stronger than the second half.
Atif Malik: Got it. And then can you just talk about what you seeing with respect to domestic spending in China? If I recall correctly, you have talked about China domestic was $5 billion in spending last year. What could it be in the $42 billion to $43 billion WFE this year?
Tim Archer: Yes. Actually, we did say that we saw 2018 was going to come in at about a $5 billion range. I think when all is said and done, it may have come in a little bit lower than that but pretty close. We actually see 2019 shaping up to be a bit stronger. And if we look actually at the SAM and share position that we hold where the money will be spent this year NANDs China domestic business should be up.
Atif Malik: Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Atif.
Operator: Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson Companies has our next question.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. Maybe just a quick end market question, you know after three or four quarters of the price declines in the NAND market, are you seeing evidence of the elasticity of demand that weve been talking about for a couple of years?
Tim Archer: Yes, I had a very small comment in my opening remarks about the fact that we believe we have seen some demand elasticity at the end of last year and it was primarily driven by an uptick that weve seen in the adoption rate of SSDs into client. And there was some data to show the percentage of laptops or client devices with the SSD in the lower price ranges had a material uptick. And so its just one data point, but we do think that as prices have come down were starting to see increased demand.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And given that when you look at kind of the long-term view, the next two to five years, do you still  or do you view NAND market as the real big opportunity for you versus the DRAM market knowing that both our strong?
Tim Archer: Both for us without doubt. Our SAM position if you think may be just the world weve gone through, the transition from 2D to 3D NAND, we had a very meaningful increase in the intensity of etch and deposition in that space. And when you think about also end-demand, we see NAND outpacing all other markets. And so thats why when I talk about our focus on applications that we want to hold continuously in that critical space in the NAND area. Now, of course, we want to do well in all markets, but NAND is our biggest opportunity going forward and in the long term.
Doug Bettinger: Just, add-on from me Tom, independent of where things are at in 2019, Im extraordinarily optimistic on the opportunity for both NAND as well as DRAM going forward. Again, Tim alluded to the data economy. We talked about that extensively at the Investor Day. All of that stuff is still completely intact. It doesnt mean it will happen every single year, it wont. But data is exploding in society. It is not useful unless you can store it and you need a low latency memory to do anything in computer architectures. Memory is critically enabling for all of that and none of that has changed.
Tom Diffely: Great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham and Company.
Quinn Bolton: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Just want to come back on your prepared comments. You mentioned share gains and high aspect ratio at 3D NAND deposition and ALD wins in both NAND and DRAM. Can those share gains help offset some of the SAM underperformance you see in 2019 or do you really think that that we need to see the memory markets recovering before you see the full benefit of those share gains?
Doug Bettinger: Well simple answer is no. They cannot offset the magnitude of decline that we see this year. But the other aspect that is one of timing. Typically, the types of applications and wins I was speaking to, we focus on critical application wins, usually one to two nodes before that node ever ends up ramping. And so in the majority of those cases those would be entering production sometime next year or the following either. And thats why the start of like  those are the applications once you win it you kind of know that your businesses is pretty well locked in for the foreseeable future.
Quinn Bolton: Just a quick follow-up on the China domestic is that fairly well balanced between memory and foundry logic or just one segment lead the other end in 2019?
Doug Bettinger: Its fairly well balanced. Quinn, I mean, memory is probably somewhat stronger than foundry logic, but theres a broad base set of customers that are spending its not just one or two.
Quinn Bolton: Great, thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Quinn.
Operator: Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Sidney Ho: Well thanks for taking my question. I will start off with a clarification you said revenue will be first halfway weighted in 2019. Is that an expectation for your revenue or is it for the industry?
Doug Bettinger: No, it was a statement Sidney around WFE. I didnt say anything relative to Lams revenue. It was a statement on WFE.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. And then my question, it looks like from three months ago to now the change is primarily coming from the DRAM side CapEx slowing down. Would you say the NAND side is also incrementally weaker or do you think theres more stability there and then NAND CapEx everyday you start cutting earlier?
Doug Bettinger: Well, we havent, so far Sidney in the past, given you any color on the full year of 2019 this is first time were making statements on the full year or so Im not sure I cant even say anything about trajectory what we thought before because we hadnt done all the full analytic work that weve now have done on 2019.
Sidney Ho: All right, maybe just a housekeeping one. Your operating expense is obviously much lower than what you guided for the December quarter, understanding March is an extra week, should we think about June quarter kind of go back to the December level or is it just something higher than that?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Im not going to guide it beyond the current quarter Sidney, everything else equal, flattish to maybe slightly down if you just take the one week out, but well give you the hard guidance when we get to earnings in the quarter.
Sidney Ho: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks Sydney.
Operator: Well hear now from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just had one on kind of your commentary in the back half in memory dynamics. So I guess what is the reason why there wouldnt be a significant increase in investment when you move to 96-Layer technology? Is that because the majority of the WFE spend or the increase in memory spend is because of the planar NAND transition or 3D NAND transition or is it because theres something special about 96 and makes it a lower investment cycle?
Doug Bettinger: No, theres nothing special about 96 what we see happening, Mitch primarily is node conversions in both DRAM as well as 3D NAND and so thats the way to be thinking about it. Its a heavy focus of spending on node conversions which  thats a very cost effective way for our customers to invest because they just need to upgrade essentially etch and deposition equipment or add into the process flow. Tim, would you add anything?
Tim Archer: No, I think thats fair obviously its heavily driven by the ratio of node conversions to greenfield ads. On a greenfield basis, last year I showed a chart that described our increase in opportunity at 96-Layer and fundamentally on a greenfield basis, its significantly higher as you go to 96. So the dynamic of the conversion versus greenfield ads thats Doug speaking to.
Mitch Steves: Perfect. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thanks Mitch. Operator, were going to do one more.
Operator: So now our final question will come from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho Bank.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi guys, good quarter. Just on your 2019, just wondering, when you look at 96-Layer 3D NAND, what do you  how do you see capital intensity at 64 versus 96?
Doug Bettinger: If you do a greenfield-to-greenfield wafer, our capital intensity goes up, youve got a longer process flow, youve more tools and the process flow goes up. I dont think weve quantified it. The good part for our business is when you do that conversion, all youre really adding is etch and deposition equipment, youre making the stack bigger and the etch becomes a little bit more challenging to do and so it takes longer.
Vijay Rakesh: Okay. And just as you talk about a little bit more softness in memory spending through the year have you seen  are you seeing any push out on either the 96 layer three 3D NAND or 1Y transition in DRAM side? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: From a timing standpoint, no, I mean we always had expected 2019 would be a 1Y investment year in DRAM with the, the beginning of 1Z and the investments in NAND would be on 96 layer devices and thats totally what were saying and again, its primarily focused on conversions right now.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, thank you.
Tina Correia: Okay, so this concludes our conference call for this quarter. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This will conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-10-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tina Correia  Corporate Vice President-Investor Relations and Communications Martin Anstice  Chief Executive Officer Doug Bettinger  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: C. J. Muse  Evercore John Pitzer  Crdit Suisse Krish Shankar  Cowen and Company Timothy Arcuri  UBS Harlan Sur  JPMorgan Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley Romit Shah  Nomura Instinet Vivek Arya  Bank of America Toshiya Hari  Goldman Sachs Patrick Ho  Stifel Mitch Steves  RBC Capital Markets Weston Twigg  KeyBanc Mehdi Hosseini  SIG
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation September 2018 Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Miss. Tina Correia, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Tina Correia: Thank you and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Martin Anstice, Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the September 2018 quarter and our outlook for the December 2018 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1o clock p.m. Pacific Time this afternoon. It can be also found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3o clock p.m. Pacific Time. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Tina, and thank you all for joining us today. Lam delivered results stronger than targeted for the September quarter with revenues gross margin and EPS all exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. In addition consistent with the commentary made during our last earnings call, we are forecasting the December quarter up sequentially and we would still characterize based on engagements with our customers in our markets and outlook for the first half of 2019 that is somewhat stronger than the second half of 2018. In aggregate there has been more semiconductor capital investment volatility both upside and downside in 2017 and 2018 than in the recent prior years and that is only extenuated by broader macro headlines such as trade, tariffs and interest rates. Despite this context, we remain very excited by the long-term drivers for data economy enablement from the world of silicon and the complements of our products and services portfolio to the technology roadmap of the industry. In our opinion, next generation device and systems architectures, the expansion of the materials in chip design and manufacturing creates compelling opportunities for our strength in etch and deposition. We remain committed to invest and innovate for the success of our customers and our company. As always the performance of Lam is defined by customer trust and employee commitments to our vision and values. We sincerely appreciate that partnership the opportunity created and the numerous contributions made. Since our July update, current year WFE expectations continue to track up slightly year-over-year although to a modestly reduced extent. At a segment level 2018, WFE looks a little stronger in logic, a little weaker in NAND and foundry to the assumptions we made three months back. With customer and Lam performance consistent with our December quarter revenue guidance provided today, calendar 2018 would represents a healthy revenue growth year of 14% for the company with profit performance marginally stronger versus the calendar year 2017 benchmark. In deposition, we continue to see evidence of Lams growing strategic relevance to the success of our customers with key penetrations of new films for patterning, new specialty applications for 3D NAND and deeper partnership models emerging for 3D NAND applications. In etch perhaps our most critical area of focus in 3D NAND is the continued enablement of customers increasingly challenging technology roadmaps where we continue to strengthen our leading capabilities in high aspect ratio applications. Our solutions are invested in customers vision for continued 3D NAND scaling targeted to accelerate demand elasticity in their markets for the next several years. Combined etch and deposition market share penetration and defense activity is a net positive so far for Lam in calendar 2018. Fundamental to the quality and sustainability of Lam earnings is the performance delivered by our Customer Support Business Group. Our installed base business has grown year-to-date at a pace more than two times faster than our installed base unit growth during the same period. Our worldwide process chamber counts now exceed 55,000 units compared to 36,000 units at the end of 2014 and this is the foundation for ongoing spares, service and upgrade revenues. We are increasingly focused on value creation for our customers through investments made in equipment intelligence products. We are providing performance enhancement in areas such as tool analytics, preventive maintenance and chamber matching to enhance productivity for our customers and create opportunity for Lam. In addition driven by our customers aspirations of better asset utilization in addressing the non-leading edge and also the emergence of new IoT and MEMS silicon opportunities, our reliance business recorded calendar year-to-date growth of more than 35% versus the same period in 2017, a good illustration we believe of Lams ability to be flexible in addressing the full scope of our market opportunities. In closing, the September quarter and our outlook on December are largely as we shared with you last earnings call and should deliver more than $3 billion in cash from operations this year. We remain focused on investing in our profitable growth objectives at the same time delivering value through a balanced cash redistribution to shareholders. In this regard incorporating December 2018 quarter guidance provided today, year-over-year operating expenses increased by 9% with 75% of that growth focused on R&D and our fully diluted quarterly share count reduces by approximately 10% end of year 2018 versus end of year 2017. We anticipate a healthy long-term opportunity for our customers and our company both with continued attention placed on strategies intended to deliver targeted returns on the investments that each market participant makes. With that Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Great, thank you, Martin. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Lam executed well in the September quarter with our results exceeding the midpoint of guidance for all of our financial metrics. Operating margin and earnings per share were at the high end of the guidance range provided demonstrating what I think is discipline in our spending during a decline in industry capital equipment investments. Were pleased with our execution and ability to respond to the challenging business environment. As a reminder to everybody, we adopted ASC 606 in the September quarter, which is the first quarter of our 2019 fiscal year. Under 606 we generally record revenue at the time of shipment rather than at the time of customer acceptance. With this new standard, we are no longer providing shipment numbers. Our market segment disclosures will be based on the composition of our revenue numbers for the quarter and well do that now as well as into the future. So let me get into that. Memory revenue continued to be strong with the combined memory segment making up 77% of total system revenue. Our overall non-volatile memory revenue remained strong representing approximately 51% of the system revenue and thats despite the anticipated reduction of spending in nearly every one of our NAND customers. DRAM represented 26% of system revenue. DRAM spending in the quarter continued to be focused on conversions to both the 1x and 1y nanometer node. The foundry segment was stronger in the quarter accounting for 17% of system revenue. And finally, the logic and other segment contributed 6% of system revenue, pretty much consistent throughout calendar 2018. We continue to see strength in the China region with 25% of our revenue being generated there. The strength in China came from both foundry as well as memory. Nearly two thirds of the revenue in September came from domestic Chinese customers. We delivered revenues of $2,331 million in the September quarter, a decrease of 25% from June and slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. Gross margin for the quarter came in at 46.4%. And as weve shared before, our actual gross are a function of several factors, such as business volumes, product mix and customer concentration and you should expect to see variability quarter-to-quarter. Operating expenses in the quarter were down to $451 million, which was a decrease of $57 million from the June quarter. R&D comprised nearly two thirds of our total spending consistent with the composition of the June quarter operating expenses. We continue to maintain a higher concentration of spending in R&D as we believe that discipline R&D investments are critical to achieving our future revenue growth. One thing Id like to mention to help you with your future P&L modeling. When we get to the March quarter of next year, we will have an extra work week in our fiscal quarter. This occurs approximately every six years due to our fiscal calendar cutoff. March spending will be higher as a result of the extra work week. So, keep that in mind as you put your March models together please. Operating income in the September quarter came in at $630 million. Operating margin came in at the top of the guidance range of 27% primarily due to stronger gross margin performance as well as flexibility in our spending in a quarter of lower business volumes. The non-GAAP tax rate for the September quarter was 11.9% in line with the guidance provided last quarter. In the longer run, tax rate in the low- to middle-teens is a right level to include in your models. And I will point out that you will see fluctuations around this quarter-to-quarter. Based on share count, were approximately 165 million shares. Earnings per share for the September quarter were $3.36, again at the high end of a guided range. The primary driver of the upside versus our guidance was stronger profitability. The share count includes dilution from the 2041 convertible notes and the 2018 warrants that are still outstanding. The total dilutive impact for each  for both of these, excuse me, was approximately eight million shares. And Ill remind you the dilution schedules for the remaining 2041 convertible notes is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. In the September quarter, we had about $80 million in early conversions of the 2041 notes. Remaining balance of the 2041 notes is $248 million. We continue to execute on our capital return program. In the September quarter, we committed approximately $1.7 billion towards share repurchases deploying all of our current Board authorization from a dollar perspective. Our repurchases were executed largely through accelerated share repurchase programs that will cover repurchases until the March quarter of 2019. For dividends following the declaration of $1.10 per share the last quarter, we paid out $174 million in dividends to our shareholders. Let me now shift to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, decreased in the quarter to $3.9 billion and that compares with $5.2 billion at the end of the June quarter, the change largely due to our capital return activities. We continue to make progress bringing our cash on shore. Cash from operations for the September quarter remained strong at $720 million, which was roughly flat with the $718 million we generated in the June quarter. DSO increased by nine days to 72 days, which is related to the linearity of revenue during the quarter. Inventory was roughly flat in dollar terms, while inventory turns declined to 2.7 times. This compares to 3.5 times in the prior quarter. We do expect to see turns improve in the December quarter. Company noncash expenses included approximately $50 million for equity comp, $36 million for amortization and $44 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $56 million, which was down from $80 million in the June quarter. For the calendar year, we expect CapEx in 2018 will be flat to slightly higher, compared to 2017 levels. CapEx this year is going towards investment in manufacturing expansion for our installed base business, as well as strategic R&D investments. We exited the quarter with approximately 11,000 regular full time employees, which was relatively consistent with the June quarter. So now looking ahead, Id like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the December quarter. We are expecting revenue of $2.5 billion plus or minus $150 million. Were expecting a modest uptick in customer spending across multiple segments, gross margin of 46% plus or minus one percentage point, operating margins of 27.5% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $3.65 plus or minus $0.20 based on a share count of approximately 163 million shares. Consistent with our prior comments we forecast that September quarter marks a near-term trough for our business. While near-term forecasts are subject to change we remain optimistic on our longer term growth prospects that we highlighted during our investor event back in March. We continue to prioritize disciplined investments that drive competitively differentiated products, as well as Lams out performance opportunity into the future. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question from C. J. Muse with Evercore.
C. J. Muse: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first question is, as you think about your first half, outlook for calendar 2019 definitely coming in stronger, I think, than many of us thought. Can you walk through, I guess, what youre seeing in terms of tools versus service? And then if theres anything that we should be thinking about that is perhaps maybe Lam specific or timing of say image sensors coming in, we would love to kind of hear your thoughts on that front.
Martin Anstice: Yes needless to say were much more qualified to speak to our business than we are kind of like the overall kind of WFE headlines. So, when we think about kind of calendar 2019, obviously there has been some continuous, I would say, muting of investment expectations primarily in NAND flash since our last earnings call. Were looking at 14 new projects next year, fab projects next year. And I would expect honestly in the second half 2018 to first half 2019 comparison, that our revenue levels will be incrementally higher in DRAM logic other including image sensors to your points and also foundry. I would expect NAND to be down half, over half, second half 2018, compared to first half 2019. Relative to the proportion of our kind of revenue headlines that is the spares and services, the installed base business, obviously its a very important part of the economics of the company. And weve given some color today on the pace of growth of that business by referencing the installed base and the annuity that comes with it and its an important part of the value proposition here. But I would say our headlines for first half WFE are through the systems headlines for the markets and the customers that we have. So hopefully that helps C. J.
C. J. Muse: Very helpful. And if I could ask a follow-up, youve always done a great job of managing OpEx. And given, I guess, the increased volatility Doug, how are you thinking about incremental margins from here? I think targeted model is roughly 40%. Is that still the right kind of model up or down depending on the revenue run rate?
Doug Bettinger: Well C. J. I think you rewrote our model. Our model is 32% to 33% in the longer term.
Martin Anstice: Yes you see youre too used to C. J. these memory companies with 40% to 50% operating income, that it tainted you.
C. J. Muse: Yeah.
Doug Bettinger: But, C. J. to more directly ask you question, at these revenue levels kind of high 20s, you just saw us print 27 and guide 27.5, and as things recover and get stronger, youll see us kind of inch our way towards that low 30s level. Thats the right way to be thinking about things. There will be variability in spending. And one of the things Ive purposefully pointed out is the March quarter is a 14-week quarter, so theres an extra work week in there. And Ill remind you that in the first half of the year you get certain spending coming back in like payroll taxes and things like that. So dont forget those things as youre modeling the next couple of quarters. But hopefully that answered your question.
C. J. Muse: Very helpful, thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks C. J.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Congratulations on the solid results. I guess Doug my first question really kind of an accounting question around 606 and deferred revenue, there was a big draw down in the September quarter, sequentially in deferred revenue. How does that line sort of transition over time? Under 606 will that eventually get a zero? How quickly will you get there? And is there going to be uptick in December sort of revenue guidance, a function of just deferred revenue coming down off the balance sheet?
Doug Bettinger: Yes so briefly Ill go through it John and you can ask me more if you to understand a little more. I mean basically what happened is we crossed into the new fiscal year is there was a bucket of deferred revenue that just fell straight to retained earnings. So that just fell off and is largely why our deferred revenue went down so much quarter-on-quarter. Youll continue to see deferred revenue though, John, for first of a kind tools, and certain BPA accrual type things that isnt completely delivered yet, itll bounce around a little bit. And generally the way I think about the difference between 605 and 606 is, its all just timing. Were still shipping tools, were still collecting cash, all of that is happening in the same timeframe that otherwise would have. In some quarters 606 revenue recognition will be higher than 605, in some quarters I would expect itll flip and go the other way. But at the end of the day this is all just timing and what really matters in my mind is when cash is coming into the company and as I think you saw, we had a really strong cash collection quarter at $720 million. Does that help John?
John Pitzer: Thats helpful, it does. And then maybe for my follow-up to Martin, Martin, I think, one of the investor concerns out there is, as the industry transitioned from planer to 3D NAND and the rush to get there by your customers just created kind of a once in a lifetime type kind of bulge in NAND CapEx thats not repeatable. Im kind of curious as we go through this soft period in NAND, has your view of capital intensity, your SAM or the rate at which your customers are making these transitions changed. And are you still have the mindset that 32 to 64 was probably the most efficient transmission for the industry and as we go from here things get more difficult. Any color there would be helpful.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean lot of questions here. So at a fundamental level no real change in our long-term outlook and thats a commentary on capital intensity needed for the industry. And we floated at $70 billion reference at the Flash Summit conference a year back, I think maybe repeated again this year actually, so two years in a row same message. Im not sure weve ever really offered an opinion about efficiency of one node or another, but I would certainly align to the fact thats the challenges gets more complex over time as aspect ratios increase, which is a big part of the opportunity for us. Thats where were strong and differentiated. So I think that trends well. And we dont see the opportunity for 3D NAND as a once in a lifetime gig or a one time event, right? Clearly there were some transitional investments associated with playing a capacity to 3D, there are also investments associated with one generation 3D to next and we did a pine in earlier disclosure that over the next five years I think we expect about 1 million wafer starts per month of incremental capacity to get brought to the system associated with the long-term outlook for nonvolatile memory in this world of data. So from an industry point of view more or less the same. And I guess the one thing I didnt say is independent of what your view is, good or bad, you should recognize that the segments of action deposition are entirely central and fundamental to that transition. And so, if everybody does well or everybody has opportunity, we should have more and if nobody does so well we should outperform. So thats an important headline as well.
John Pitzer: Helpful. Thanks guys.
Martin Anstice: Yes. Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Krish Shankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Shankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Few of them, first one, Martin, if you look at this downturn clearly or this downdraft clearly led by memory. Looks like the CapEx for the WFE cuts have been in retaliation to pricing declines. So from your vantage point, do you think pricing is a key metric to look for to see when it trough and if so, do you think WFE trials for memory along with pricing? And do you have any view on when itll happen? And I have a follow-up?
Martin Anstice: Well, I mean, I think thats a very important question and quite a complicated one. Clearly theres a relationship of pricing to investment levels. And I would say that in two ways. The first one is, ASPs should reflect supply and demand balance of capacity. So to the extent the prices are going up or going down, theres an implied message around the need to add capacity or the needs to kind of reign in capacity. So, thats been the world weve lived in for many, many, many years. Whats a little different today is that pricing is not actually a great leading indicator right now of the customers ability to afford to make investments. So back to my rather amusing response to Tims earlier question, when the memory companies are making 40% to 50% profits when DRAM is $100 billion business, when flash has grown in the way that it has the sustainability of investments is clearly enabled in ways that wasnt true three or five years ago. Now having said all of that, I think our customer spends money adding capacity when they have demand from their customers to ship devices. So I dont think people get carried away at any level these days. So its a bit more complicated than it used to be. Pricing is relevant to help you understand supply and demand, but its not so relevant in assessing sustainability and the customers ability to make capacity or technology related investments. So good luck with your modeling, I guess.
Krish Shankar: Got it, got it. Thats really helpful, Martin. And then just a follow-up, clearly, everyone understand the long-term upside potential for Lam and the industry and WFE bond. Im just trying to frame the downside. If you look at the first shoot of drop with NAND followed by DRAM, do you worry that things will get worse before they get better? Or do you think theyre kind of a dropping at these levels?
Martin Anstice: Well, we are  if anything, were super consistent, right? So my approach has always been to describe what I see and weve done that. And well always do that. Good or bad, well tell how we see it. And so, weve offered perspective that says December is stronger than September and we expect the first half of next year to be stronger than the second half of this year. And of course we might be wrong. And you have to kind of judge the confidence level of our disclosure and kind of move forward, I guess. So best I can offer you.
Krish Shankar: Got it. Thanks Martin. Thanks for the insight.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Krish.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much. I had two, I guess the first question Martin is, if I just hold your wafer fab equipment share and now Im putting everything in there. But if I just calculate your WFE share for this year and for the last year, its up a little bit this year. So if I just hold that into the first half of next year, youre still annualizing if I give you say, $5 billion worth of revenue in the calendar first half, which was just up a little bit half on half, that would imply that were still analyzing to like high 40s to close to $50 billion WFE. So, I guess the question is, who really knows about the calendar second half? But would you sort of endorse a number close to $50 billion for 2019 WFE?
Martin Anstice: Technically its too early for us to answer that question. Its pretty customary that we have a response to that in the January earnings call. But fair question, I dont have the crystal ball, so I cant answer it with the same level of confidence, so I can answer the near-term questions. But a very interview question might be how do I feel today about the $100 billion two year reference thats been floated around for the last kind of few months. Its not a bad reference. Were trending a tweak below that right now to our analytics. But weve trended a little above it at times and a little below and I cant really tell you what the variability is around it. But that would probably be the best I could give you at this point in time.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome. Thank you. And then Doug, it was a pretty big repo this quarter and I understand that its going to sort of play out through the end of March. But Im curious if you can help us on share count for December and March as this kind of flows through. And then also how you think about when youre going to kind of re-up for the repo, how you kind of think about that? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean, Tim its always an ongoing conversation at a board level. We described when we first launched this current authorization at 12 to 18 month timeframe, maybe weve gotten through it a little sooner. I did purposefully point out that those ASRs are going to execute kind over a six month timeframe or not out of the market even though all the cash got deployed. When I have something to update you on, Ill update you relative to what were going to do in the future. Obviously its something were going to be talking about, but I dont have anything to tell you today.
Timothy Arcuri: But just on the share count though, how it actually plays out, how it actually plays through for December and March. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I just guided you that December number of 163 million. I didnt give you anything for March and we only guide one quarter at a time, Tim, so.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Awesome, Doug. Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. We were at the Flash Memory Summit when the Lam team had its investor event and we also had the opportunity to hear from some of the existing NAND leaders in the market as well as some potential entrants from China who seemed to be making some progress and talked about increasing their manufacturing footprint next year. Weve also heard the same thing from some of the China domestic DRAM suppliers, albeit at lower levels of production activity. Do you think that China domestic memory starts to become a bigger part of your memory WFE mix looking into next year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes.
Martin Anstice: Yes, probably does, Harlan, yes.
Harlan Sur: Both NAND and DRAM, you think?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, probably. As you observed from Flash Memory, the NAND guys in China were a little more visible, maybe a little more confident there. But I think theyre both going to increment
Martin Anstice: But I dont think our fundamental view on China is any different today than it was for the last couple of years. I mean, its clearly an ambitious, but in our opinion, quite rational strategic agenda. And as each quarter passes theres more substance to what theyre doing and we dont have anything more to add than what I think theyre speaking to in the public markets on their. And obviously independent of all of that the long-term market participants are also investing for next-generation device architectures and market share growth and so on and so forth. So, I mean, its a global system and thats what we respond to. But I think its likely that the investment level in China increases in absolutes and proportional terms next year per Dougs response.
Harlan Sur: Great, thanks. I just had a quick follow-up. Its pretty amazing, the amount of supply side, disciplined and focused on profitability and free cash flow by your memory customers and clearly they want to maintain strong profitability levels by modulating supply. If I look at the last time there was a strong focus on sort of reign in supply that was kind of 2016. It took about two quarters of strong equipment spending declines before we did see a positive response in memory placing fundamentals and economics for your customers. Is that how the Lam team still thinks about it as well i.e. that supply discipline in the second half of this year potentially positively impacts supply dynamics and maybe stronger possibility in the first half of next year for your customers?
Martin Anstice: Wow. Im not showing that, but Ill answer that. I mean I would say everything moves faster. So, I think our customers adjust faster and therefore thats probably true on the upside as much as it is on the downside. Were a big part of feeding variability along with other market participants for the economics of their business. And I think they take actions anticipating risks as much as ever and thats a lot more than would be true five or 10 years ago when action would get taken when there was a clear problem statement. So yes, there are supply and demand imbalances that are getting adjusted too. Theres also proactive actions to manage the risk of that. So thats a good thing I think in the long-term.
Harlan Sur: Yes.
Martin Anstice: I mean it kind of gets to this  it gets to the message that the secular headlines for us feel like theyre more important than stronger than the cyclical launch, but you have to make your own decision I guess.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Harlan.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insights.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ill take our next question from Joe Moore [Morgan Stanley].
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. Following up on that last question. I guess, I was surprised at how strong China was in the September quarter and I think you talked about two thirds of that being from domestics, that seems like a pretty big deviation. Is there anything we should be aware of there and how much of that is kind of memory versus youre sort of the foundry customers, who youve seen more frequently?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean Joe, Ive pointed it out, because it was an uptick from the local guys and I want them to let you know that. I dont know youre going to see that every single quarter in fact, I know you wont. And interestingly, when I look at kind of who the customers are, and I wont name them by name that there was relative balance between foundry as well as memory.
Martin Anstice: And logic actually
Doug Bettinger: Actually in logic, youre right, Martin. So, it was  it was a strong quarter for us in China and it was a balanced quarter. I mean, my take on this thing answer is, we tend to talk about collectively two or three  two or three core domestic participants in China. Reality is, there are kind of six or seven.
Martin Anstice: Yes, theres more.
Doug Bettinger: And some of them are active at 300, some of them are interactive at 200 millimeter, some of them are active at leading edge technologies and some less leading edge, but theres a fairly meaningful population that doesnt maybe get fully internalized.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet.
Romit Shah: Yes, thank you. I guess just, as outsiders that all the data points on memory equipment CapEx and fundamentals to seemingly seemed all bad during the quarter and yet you exhausted your entire buyback and youre reiterating your expectations for growth in December. So, is it fair Martin, just to sort of sum up this report by saying that maybe, your business is more diversified than we realized and youre confident in September being the bottom. And the question really is just sort of the shape of the recovery from here being either U or V-shaped?
Martin Anstice: Well, I think weve been talking to the subject of diversification now for, its kind of three or four years. No question were more diversified today than we were. I think weve tried to reinforce that message even more than talking about share gains in foundry and share gains in logic by speaking to the SAM expansion headlines. And in the last kind of the year or so, weve segwayed into the installed base business of the company, which is not only a great asset relative to creating an opportunity for competitive differentiation in the core systems products of the company, its a source of revenue and profit growth at a rate that is faster than the pace of growing our installed base. I mean theres a massive difference between 55,000 process chambers and 36,000 process chambers relative to the annuity. So thats all kind of in the mix as well. So, the business is more or less as we had anticipated slightly muted to the expectations of three months ago. But not that much different, I mean, I actually think our calendar 18 WFE number is 98% or 99% exactly what it was three months ago. So, I mean, thats kind of basic headline there and weve expressed an outlook for the first half of next year and were not going to put numbers on it now. Well kind of deal with that in January. So that will be the time when we or you become some obvious disclosure from the Lam.
Romit Shah: Okay. thanks for that. And just on the buyback youve exhausted it. So do we have to wait till the next conference call to hear about the size and scope of the next authorization?
Doug Bettinger: Well, even though the cash like I said, Romit, the cash got all committed. Were still in the market through these structured products, so
Romit Shah: Okay.
Doug Bettinger: And that was purposeful, right, taken a view of pricing, where things were at and wanting to get on with it. But the way this generally works is Martin and I all agree, here is what we think we should do. Well go on and well have a conversation with the board and the board will have opinions. So, well modify it and when we have a decision, we will communicate it to you and were not at that point yet.
Romit Shah: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Romit.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Martin, maybe a question on your services business. If say, hypothetically WFE goes down 5% or 10% next year, what does that imply for your services business? Can you still keep it flat or even grow it? Just what is just the conceptual sensitivity to WFE?
Martin Anstice: Well, in the calendar year, theres not so much sensitivity, because in general, when we ship a system to customer, it has a 12-month warranty, so its kind of on our dime during that period. The single biggest influence over the size of the installed base businesses, the number of kind of units in the installed base for which we disclosed and then the utilization of fabs. So if you  if we show up in the worlds with the WFE reduction that youve just characterized and there is no change in utilization of the installed base, then theres no consequence. If the utilization of the installed base goes up, youre likely to see accelerated growth and if the installed base utilization goes down, you see a contraction and spares of service business in the industry. So, our assumption is in the context of customers have done a really good job kind of managing this issue, utilizations will run pretty high and we have no reason to be anxious about a dip in our installed base revenues. In an independent world, as spoken to you for some time now, a little bit here today in prepared comments, we are perpetually building a portfolio of installed base productivity related products and service offerings and invested in contributing more to the success of our customers and creating opportunity for Lam. So, theres some things in our control and some things that are out of our control.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And as a follow-up from what you see today, do you think memory CapEx overall is up or down next year and when do you typically get visibility around what the spending environment will be?
Martin Anstice: Perfectly normal timing where it will give you more color on next year would be in next quarters earnings call. Its just a little bit too early for us to give on the specificity youre asking for.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Yes. Thank you so much. Martin, youve talked about logic revenue being up in the first half of 2019 relative to the second half of 2018. Is the big driver there basically your key customers CapEx budget going up or is it more due to your positioning improving from say 14 to 10 nanometer or is it both?
Martin Anstice: Its both.
Doug Bettinger: Its a little bit of both.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. And then kind of related to that, if you were to  in terms of magnitude, you guided DRAM, logic and foundry all power for over half. If you had to rank order those three in terms of the magnitude increase from the second half to the first half, is that something that you guys can do?
Martin Anstice: I havent written down on a piece of paper in front of me and now decided like that  Id like to tell you. So, rank order without any numbers, I would say logic and its kind of other logic, which includes, the image sensor opportunities and the legacy stuff, its probably the fastest-growing. And DRAM is the slowest-growing and foundries probably in the middle. That would be kind of  and Im not speaking to kind of industry level here, Im just characterizing the revenue kind of outlook for Lam, and as I said, NANDs contractions, so that will be our rank order.
Toshiya Hari: Okay.
Martin Anstice: Yes. Its like pretty early to be having those conversations. So, take it for what its worth at this point.
Toshiya Hari: Sure. As a quick follow-up, I just had a question on market share. Martin, clearly, if youre growing your business 14% this year, youre gaining a bit of share. In your prepared remarks, youve talked about some of your net wins, both in dep and etch. Is it fair to say in relation to your long-term model, where youve attached $1 billion incremental revenue for market share gains? Are you tracking in line or ahead of that plan or how would you describe, where you stand today relative to the long-term plans?
Martin Anstice: Was never linear as its a tough question to answer. But a couple of data points. So, when we talk about kind of penetration defense activities this year, were actually talking more about the economics that will play out a year from now or maybe even in 2020, right, because theres a leading a timeframe on DTOR decisions and PTOR decisions and you might remember that in the last earnings call, I think I made referenced to the fact that there were tons of decisions in relative terms in the second half of this year compared to the first half of this year. So, thats kind of a loss still ahead of us. So, fair game for you to ask the same question to me to try and answer it in January. So far, again, we dont  we never think though that we defend everything, but we have a net positive to forward-looking kind of economics from the penetrations and defenses in the first nine months of this year. So pretty, pretty pleased.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Toshiya.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Martin, first off, just I guess follow-up on some of your comments on named capital intensity, but looking at it from the DRAM front, as the industry continues to push the 1X, 1Y, eventually to 1Z, were seeing a lot of new fab projects in DRAM. Do you believe these capital intensity trends are also impacting DRAM and this could provide a little bit of, I guess, sustainability on some of the equipment spending trends that were seeing today?
Martin Anstice: I think its all about kind of the economics on the revenue of the customer honestly. I think what weve seen in the last couple of years is, obviously, an emergence of significant discipline, managing supply and demand, and there has been an ASP consequence, but more than that, weve seen a transition away from units to content and density in a broader set of demand drivers. And that has allowed our customers to kind of reset the value of the bits that theyre selling to their customers. So, the average bit is worth kind of more by virtue of the value thats created in this kind of broader cognitive computing environments. And so if there continues to be discipline and if our customers continue to be successful getting paid for the enabled ones in their industry, the fact that from one generation to the next, the DRAM cost transitions are kind of less significant compared to the baseline of five to 10 years ago. Its much less relevance, right? I mean clearly when no transitions deliver less than they did in history, theres a lot of intensity by the customer and theres a lot of intensity by Lam and our peer companies. Im sure to try and continue to improve the productivity of the DRAM installed base, because we have a collective interest in that. But I think the bigger question to answer relative to DRAM capital intensity is the revenue side of it, not the cost side of it. But as I said three times today, in my  go ahead?
Patrick Ho: As my follow-up question for Doug, in terms of the services and spare parts business, you mentioned that you have a little bit of the CapEx spend; the increase is incrementally going into that business segment. How much can you leverage, I guess your existing workforce in terms of growing that business on the labor side of things, or is that an area where youll also have to increase OpEx to keep up with the fast pace of growth in that business?
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, its a different physical factor in a different location. So, theres not a lot of leverage from a labor standpoint and we have to invest in manufacturing, the parts for manufacturing. So, its all goodness at the end of the day, its supporting a higher installed base and we got to make investments for that.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Well take our next question from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just had a quick one on kind of nano-secular technology. Is there any of your customers that have already started working on that or is that something that its told to come next year?
Martin Anstice: Unfortunately, our customers have to answer that question.
Mitch Steves: Okay. Got it. And then secondly, on the DRAM side, do you guys see any, I guess  I guess, when would you guys think that the pricing would stabilize in DRAM in general, or do you guys have no view right now?
Martin Anstice: Well, we have a view, but I think the view of our customers again, is worth a lot more than ours. I mean its all about supply and demand, and our customers have taken action, I would argue proactively as much as reactively. And so everything moves pretty fast these days. So again, customers disclosure is worth a lot more than ours on ASPs of devices.
Mitch Steves: Got it. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Mitch.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc.
Weston Twigg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, Im just wondering if youre seeing any change in customer behavior related to trade work insurance whether thats in terms of the conversations youre having with them or the visibility that theyre providing or commitments regarding new fab capacity heading into 2019. Any color would be helpful?
Martin Anstice: Yes. To the best of my knowledge, nothings really changing directly related to that, although Ive kind of heard a few statements and read a few things quoted about customers kind of referencing terrorists or the costs of terrorists when it comes to the pace at which theyre making investments. In fact, I think I read one today out of Taiwan. So, Im sure its not irrelevant. I mean, to the extent that a company has more of costs, because of terrorists and we probably all do at some level. There is a consequence of that and there is a reprioritization of things in the company. So, not irrelevance, but hard for us to kind of directly correlates. Im just conscious that Im seeing statements and Im hearing some things. And so its in the mix of the outlook that weve described today.
Weston Twigg: Okay. Thats very helpful. And then my follow-up question is just on DRAM strength in the first half that you mentioned, is there a strength from  more from some of the pushouts youre seeing from this half, is it related to new capacity or is it more just ongoing conversion activity?
Martin Anstice: Its mostly as originally planned. I dont think its a massive kind of statements. So, there are not so many industry participants in any segment these days. So, you probably got a sense of who is chasing who and who is investing where for what purpose. So, I think it was pretty much originally as consistent with plan.
Weston Twigg: Okay. Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Weston.
Tina Correia: Operator, well take one more question please.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for squeezing me in. Doug, going back to your commentary by the extra week in the march quarter, which is leading to higher expenses, should I also assume that your revenue would be positively impacted for an extra week?
Doug Bettinger: Well, technically we have an extra week to shift product, Mehdi, I dont know that its going to meaningfully move the revenue number. I do know definitively, it will impact the expenses. well give you the hard guide when we did get the end of the quarter though.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. And then just  I just want to go back to your comment about the deferred revenue. And if I just do a simple math, I get to shipment down 35% on a sequential basis. Is that  does that make sense to you?
Doug Bettinger: Mehdi, were not getting shipment anymore. Were not talking about shipment anymore.
Mehdi Hosseini: No. this is for the September quarter. This is for the September quarter.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, yes. Were done talking about shipments publicly; revenue is all were going to be describing now. You can do analytics on whatever you want to get shipments, but at the end of the day, given the change in the revenue recognition timing, revenue is what were going to be talking about.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, thats great. Just a follow-up on your services, given the increased installed system, are these service contracts long enough to actually have an impact on your backlog? Does that help you with better visibility?
Doug Bettinger: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini: So, if thats the case and assuming that services is becoming a larger part of your revenue mix, why not offer a longer guide on the revenues rather than just referring to WFE?
Doug Bettinger: Well think about it, Mehdi. I mean at the end of the day, we tried to describe what we think is important for you to understand whats going on in the business. Theres still just a large amount of the business in any one quarter thats turns based. And to me, backlog isnt that meaningful, for services, its certainly as just Martin said. So, well give you some thought.
Mehdi Hosseini: Because just the growth in installed system is very compelling, but it still hasnt made a difference to how you guide and Im just wondering what is the disconnect here?
Martin Anstice: Im not  Im not sure thats actually true. I think for the last couple of quarters you have perspective some times quantitative and some times qualitative on the progression for a couple of quarters including today. So, its pretty hard to do what were doing and as many people characterize that we dont have the visibility to say what we currently say as those to do. So take it for what its worth, were doing the best we can.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Mehdi.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Operator: And speakers, as we have no more questions, Ill turn it back to you.
Martin Anstice: Okay. With that, well conclude the call. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. you may now disconnect and have a great rest of the day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Odette Marie Go - Lam Research Corp. Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp. Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.
Analysts: C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research June 2018 Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Odette Go, Treasurer for Lam Research. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Odette Marie Go - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you. Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the June 2018 quarter, and our outlook for the September 2018 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can be also found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slides in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Good afternoon. I've firmly established that Lam is the priority of contributing to the success of our customers through the increased strategic relevance of our product and services portfolio. Ultimately, this focus is measured by our financial performance and the June quarter financial results were outstanding. Worthy of note, we achieved the milestone of revenues exceeding $3 billion and non-GAAP operating income of approximately $1 billion. Short-term performance is not simply our goal, however. We have delivered and we aspire to continue to reward our stakeholders with multi-year industry outperformance measured by competing for and winning a greater proportion of our customers' investments; greater in quantity and greater in quality through the degree of codependency and annuity. In this context, we also concluded the strongest fiscal year in our history by delivering approximately $11 billion in revenues, representing growth of almost 40%, $3.4 billion in non-GAAP operating income, and $2.7 billion in cash from operations. At this point of our journey, I would like to thank our customers, our employees, and our partners for their active support and confidence in the company. Our intense focus on technology and productivity leadership, operational execution, and a genuine model of collaboration, we believe, are together the essential foundations for an exciting long-term future. Well-published at this point, customer equipment investment spending has softened near term as industry participants continue to strive for discipline and sustainability in their businesses. While it is true to say that the short-term headlines reflect themselves in lower calendar Q3 guidance than we were anticipating earlier, we consider the change a strong, positive long-term influence. We offer the following perspectives. While not true for every customer, the segments of memory and foundry have both seen, although for different reasons, some reduction in equipment's demand short-term, but the largest single adjustments occurred in DRAM. We now plan overall 2018 WFE up year-over-year in the single-digit range. We expect the September quarter to be the low point of our calendar year. We remain optimistic about our mid-term and long-term opportunity and continue to target Lam's outperformance this year and long-term. With the comprehensiveness of our disclosure earlier this year in our Investor and Analyst Meeting combined with the abundance of disclosure from other industry participants on the increasing role of silicon, the increasing role of data, and the acceleration of innovation in the cognitive computing environment, there's not so much more to add currently. Bottom line, our customers have inspirational ambition and we exist to support them. Arguably, there's not been a more exciting time in our industry in decades and the intensity of focus at Lam to mitigate risks and maximize strategic opportunities combined, we believe, to create a compelling editorial. While it is true to say that our customers have never invested more absolute dollars in their future, with the recent device ASP trends, they are investing a lower proportion of their annual profits and in any point of the last 15 years. That is the new industry and new value proposition headline that we have cited on several occasions now. We noted last quarter that we expected low double-digit WFE growth in 2018 and a first half, second half shipments allocation in the low 50s, high 40s, with revenues a little more balanced. We now expect single-digit WFE growth, with the adjustments reflecting themselves primarily in the September quarter. Having previously anticipated a first half, second half reduction in memory WFE of between 20% and 25%, we now expect a larger reduction, with the long-term demands trends intact. To fully understand our September business volume trajectory, the following headlines that underpin our belief in the extraordinary value proposition of memory strength long-term are important. We have the confidence in the long-term value and opportunity because memory and storage is increasingly prominent in the computer and systems integration roadmaps of the industry with fundamental and broadening demand drivers. Analytically, that reflects itself in the trailing seven-year cumulative growth rate for memory WFE, which is approximately 10 times greater than the equivalent logic foundry CAGR. Similarly, since 2013, memory WFE as a percentage of total WFE has trended from 40% to 60%, with the corresponding etch and deposition memory markets growing faster and to a higher level. This is our SAM expansion commentary. Considering these data points and the approximate 25% contribution from our installed base business, our September quarter guidance should be quite intuitive. Turning to some of the business headlines of the company this quarter. There should now be a greater awareness to the earnings quality delivered from our installed base business, the so-called annuity of Lam, and that is where I would like to concentrate my prepared remarks here today. You will remember our objective to create value for customers through productivity solutions and the development of advanced services to facilitate improved value capture for Lam and growth at a pace faster than the growth of our installed base units. Our installed base business has grown more than 2 times faster than our installed base unit growth this year, with our worldwide process chamber counts now approximately 55,000 units. In a world where our customers' focus appropriately seeks optimal asset utilization, our reliance in reuse business recorded first half 2018 growth of approximately 50% year-over-year. This is a commentary on the broadening of our product offerings and the demand for more than more IoT and MEMS silicon capacity. As a reminder, our SAM expansion focus has three foundations today: first, fully realizing the opportunities of multi-patterning and 3D device scaling over multiple years. Second, broadening our systems applications, and films capabilities where there is opportunity and unmet customer need, and third, increasing value creation from advanced productivity services. On this last point, the portfolio is now quite comprehensive and harnesses the technologies of big data that we helped create. Customer engagements are now extensive, ranging from demo and evaluation to fab wide adoption. We are pleased with our progress and excited by the opportunity to increase customer value to codependency, at the same time increasing the quality of Lam Research earnings. For the systems businesses of etch and deposition, our investments in SAM expansion, market share defense and penetration, and disruptive technologies continues at pace and we're pleased with the comprehensiveness and the complements of our technology and product roadmaps to the expectations of customers and the competitive dynamic. In closing, this is a year characterized by the following. First, the increased prominence of silicon and in turn, the equipment industry in the creation of value for the global economy. Two, rational, disciplined spending by our customers at the highest level in history, supported by the highest revenues in profits in their industry. Three, unmatched outperformance opportunity, we believe, for Lam. To emphasize a few key points. September P&L guidance for Lam is impacted by four things: first, the relative strength of memory and the strength of Lam in memory; second, the actions by some customers in recent weeks to adjust their short-term investment plans; and third, the implementation of new revenue recognition rules and the specifics of customer delivery and acceptance dates leading up to the new accounting policy adoption; and fourth, the variability of our operating expense cost structure without compromising our long-term focus. Current knowledge indicates September will be the low points of our year and more importantly, the long-term trends of our industry and company, we believe, are as compelling as ever. On this last point, we look forward to sharing more of our long-term opportunities at the August 7 Flash Memory Summit conference where Rick Gottscho, our CTO, Doug, and myself will be hosting a reception. With that, I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Great. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on what I know is a very busy earnings day. The June quarter results represented a solid conclusion to the 2018 fiscal year. For the quarter, we exceeded the midpoint of our guidance for all financial metrics. For the fiscal year, we delivered record levels of shipments, revenues, cash from operations, gross margin dollars, operating income dollars as well as earnings per share. We're obviously very pleased with what we achieved this quarter and this fiscal year. Shipments for the quarter were again at the $3 billion mark at $3.028 billion, which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. For fiscal year 2018, shipments were $11.176 billion, which was a 30% increase compared to fiscal year 2017. Memory shipments continued to be strong in June, with the combined memory segment making up 80% of total system shipments. Our overall non-volatile memory shipments remain strong, representing approximately 55% of the system shipments compared to 57% last quarter. DRAM shipments represented 25% of system shipments, down from 27% in the prior quarter. The foundry segment was up, accounting for 13% of system shipments relative to 10% in March. And finally, the logic and other segment contributed 7% of system shipments, just a little bit above the prior quarter's 6%. We delivered record revenues of $3.126 billion in the June quarter, an increase of 8% from March and again slightly above the midpoint of guidance. For the fiscal year, revenues came in at $11.077 billion, which was an increase of 38% from fiscal year 2017. Our installed base business contributed approximately 25% of our revenues in the fiscal year. Gross margin for the June quarter came in at 48%, which was up 120 basis points sequentially and the highest level in over a decade. As we shared before, our actual gross margins are a function of several factors such as business volumes, product mix, and customer concentration and you should expect to see variability quarter to quarter. Operating expenses in the quarter grew to $507 million, but decreased 60 basis points on a sequential basis to 16.2% of revenues. On a dollar basis, R&D spending grew while SG&A spending slightly declined as compared with the March quarter. R&D comprised nearly 65% of our total spending. We continue to believe that disciplined R&D investments will increase our likelihood of achieving our future revenue growth objectives. Operating income in the June quarter came in at a record level of $994 million, up about 15% from the prior quarter. Operating margin came in close to the high end of guidance at 31.8% primarily due to the stronger gross margin performance. The non-GAAP tax rate for the June quarter was 6.7%, in line with the guidance we provided at the beginning of the quarter. We expect the tax rate in the low to middle teens for the remainder of calendar year 2018. In the longer run, a tax rate in the middle teens remains the right level to include in your modeling and there will be fluctuations around this quarter to quarter. Based on a share count of approximately 175 million shares, earnings per share for the June quarter came in at $5.31, above the high end of our guided range. Primary drivers of the upside versus our guidance was the improved profitability and a little bit lower share count. The share count includes dilution from the 2018 warrants and 2041 convertible notes, with the total dilutive impact being about 13 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. In the June quarter, our 2018 convertible note, which had a remaining balance of $172 million, matured and was settled in cash and stock. But dilution schedules for the remaining 2041 convertible notes is available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. For the June quarter, we had $6 million in early conversions for the 2041 notes. The remaining balance of the 2041 notes is $327 million and I do expect we will continue to see requests for early redemptions. In the June quarter, we spent $1.3 billion on share repurchases. With that, we have completed almost 60% of the current $4 billion authorization and we repurchased approximately 12 million shares. We're planning to complete the remainder of the authorization over the next nine months in tandem with the expected timing of our cash repatriation. During the quarter, we be paid roughly $80 million in dividends and we also declared a quarterly dividend of $1.10 per share that will be paid in the September quarter. Let me now turn to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments including our restricted cash decreased in the quarter to $5.2 billion compared with $6.7 billion at the end of the March quarter, largely due to our capital return activities as well as debt repayment. In addition to retiring the 2018 convert, we also paid down approximately $640 million of commercial paper. Approximately 80% of the total $5.2 billion cash balance was offshore at the end of the quarter. Cash from operations for the June quarter was approximately $718 million, which was down slightly from over $1 billion in the March quarter. DSO decreased by three days to 63 days. Inventory turns came in at 3.5 times compared to 3.7 times in the prior quarter. And for the fiscal year, the company has generated $2.7 billion in cash from operations. Company noncash expenses included approximately $47 million for equity comp, $40 million for amortization, and $45 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $80 million, which is up from $49 million in the March quarter. And as a reminder, we expect CapEx in 2018 to be higher compared to 2017 to support manufacturing network expansion and growth in our strategic R&D programs. We exited the quarter with approximately 10,900 regular full-time employees. And as we previously noted, we are adopting ASC 606, the new revenue recognition standard effective in fiscal 2019 which for Lam begins in the September quarter. Under ASC 606, we generally will record revenue at the time of shipment rather than at the time of customer acceptance. Under our prior accounting methodology for more than a decade, our results have shown revenue recognition lag in shipments. However, with this new accounting change, a change in shipments will essentially be equivalent to the change in revenues and adjustments in customer spending activity will have a quicker impact on our revenues and profits generally within the same quarter. Because revenues will become more closely correlated to shipments, shipments will cease to have value as a leading indicator. As a result, we have decided to discontinue reporting shipments. With the implementation of the new revenue recognition policy coinciding with some of our customers trimming their near term investment plans, most notably in NAND, you will see the impacts right away in our next quarter's results. Looking ahead, I'd like to provide a non-GAAP guidance for the September quarter. We are expecting revenues of $2.3 billion, plus or minus $150 million. We're expecting a meaningful downtick in memory spending in the September quarter. Gross margin of 46%, plus or minus 1 percentage point; operating margins of 26%, plus or minus 1 percentage point; and finally, earnings per share of $3.20, plus or minus $0.20 based on a share count of approximately 163 million shares. As we sit here today, we believe the September quarter marks a near-term trough for our business. Ticking back on our messaging at our March Analyst Day, we remain very optimistic on our longer term growth prospects. We continue to believe that we have competitively differentiated products and disciplined investments that will continue to drive Lam's outperformance into the future. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Martin and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess a two-part question in one. Can you speak to how you're expecting the ramp of the recovery and into December? And then I guess more importantly, given this extremely rational behavior by your memory customers, how does that, I guess, make you think about the health of this industry overall and also the impact for your vision for WFE into 2019 all things equal? Thank you.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Obviously, the first part of the question, C.J., we're not going to guide December specifically in this meeting. But as Doug and I both said in our prepared comments, we do expect September to be the low point and we'll be on a positive trajectory in December. And we'll report, I guess, at that time the magnitude of it but we would not have commented if we didn't think it was material. On the second point, I mean, it's a terrific commentary on the maturity of the industry. That the corrections happened at the pace they do and I mean, this is a pretty amazing industry at this point. If you look at kind of memory companies, their revenues are up. I think they're going to be up maybe 25% this year. After they were up 60% last year, which is a $100 billion DRAM business probably this year and the profitability levels of memory companies today are trending 40% to 50% operating income. So there's some really nice headlines in terms of discipline and some really nice headlines in terms of profitability and sustainability and their business is a different business today. And if you kind of  if you went even higher than the memory statements and opines on the semiconductor industry holistically, in the five years 2014 to 2018 inclusive, semiconductor revenues are up by about $125 billion, if you believe in that $450 billion or a $460 billion revenue for calendar 2018. In that same timeframe, there has been an increase in wafer fabrication equipment investments by probably $18 billion in the low to the high end of that period. That means the incremental capital intensity of that 15%, I mean, that is an incredible level of efficiency of spending and a great commentary, I think, on sustainability in light of probably the most exciting set of demand drivers and the most diverse set of demand drivers we've had in a decade.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Great. Thanks, C.J.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you very much. I had two. I guess first thing, Doug. I wanted to ask what the guidance would have been net of ASC 606.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I'm not going to give you a specific number, Tim, but I will tell you at the end of every quarter and the 10-Q, you'll see for the next year old way and new way. I'm not going to get into guiding it because lots can change around it and I'm going to just stick to the current accounting rules. But you will be able to see it at the end of every quarter, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, awesome. Thanks. And then Martin, you made a comment when you were talking about service that it's up 50% year-over-year. Was that just a particular piece of the service business? Or were you talking about service as a whole?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I kind of attempted to deliver two messages on the installed base business. The first one is the growth of the entire installed base business which is spares and service and upgrades and training and the reliance in reuse business and that was the 2 times faster in the six months of this year than the pace of growth of the installed base units. The second reference, which is the 50% reference you just spoke to, related to our reliance and reuse business. So I was focusing on one segment for reasons that hopefully are quite obvious.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Tim, as I was thinking about, maybe just a little color on the rev rec thing so we don't continue to get questions on it. I mean, guys, think about it in the right way. At the end of the day, this is just all timing, right? Shipments always turn into revenue, they never don't. That always happens. And so, holistically thinking about this change, it's meaningless at the end of the day. It's purely timing. It has no impact on cash flow. It has no impact on how we manage or think about the business and in the long-term, it really doesn't matter.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: And I guess, Doug, just to that point, so the shipments basically would have been about 2.3. That's kind of how to think of it, right?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: What I said was revenue and shipments are going to be much more closely correlated and we're going to stop guiding shipments as a result because it's not as useful as a leading indicator as it used to be. So we're not going to be talking about shipments anymore, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Awesome. Thanks so much.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just wondering if you could comment on the breadth of the spending base as you look into the second half. Memory companies are driving 60% gross margins and 50% operating margin profitability so very strong. Logic and foundry guys also strong profitably levels so I guess profitably is a proxy for the health of the fundamental environment. So there's really no red flags which would cause your customer base to downshift on your tech migration and capacity plans. So it seems like what you're seeing in the September quarter is more of a project shift, seems to be more maybe customer-specific and maybe limited to one or two customers. Is that kind of the right way to think about it?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: It's definitely not all customers. I mean, there are some pretty kind of selective adjustments. It's a combination of a push from September to December and a combination of some movement from the second half of this year to the first half of next year. But I mean, everything embedded in your question, Harlan, I think we would endorse. I mean, there is a fundamental commentary of health measured by profitability and growth of the semiconductor industry as it has completely redefined it's kind of purpose and value proposition in this broader kind of data economy and ecosystem. And the long-term drivers are quite compelling. So individual companies make individual corrections. That will always be the case, and you've seen some come together in ways you haven't seen that in the past so it's a good thing, pretty short-term. We expect September to be our low point.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Krish Shankar with Cowen.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one was on  thanks for the clarity on the December guidance or I should say September being the downtick. Is there a way to quantify what is driving the recovery in December? Is it DRAM, NAND or is it both of them?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, I mean, the interesting thing about the world we live in now, the value proposition that's available in the world of technology requires connectivity, it requires cloud memory and storage, and it requires computes. So there's always going to be some kind of ebbs and flows between one segment and another. But the value proposition requires investments in all. And I think that's the fundamental headline that people should internalize. And what we've tried to do is supplement that headline with the commentary on the importance of memory in that ecosystem and the role that memory plays as an embedded component of systems and even eventually in the world of computes. And I gave some statistics today that I'm not sure fully internalized but the CAGR of memory investment compared to the CAGR of logic and foundry investment has no comparison almost in the last five to seven years. And that's the strength of our company in many respects. So that's why we speak to unmatched opportunity because we think it's a very balanced investment and the strength of our company from a product portfolio point of view and a segments exposure creates something that's unmatched.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC: Got you, got you. That's very helpful and if I could just have a follow-up for Doug. On the September quarter, is there a way you can give some color on the segment mix between DRAM, NAND, and foundry? And also historically, your services has been roughly, say, 25% of revenues. How much do you think it's going to be as a percentage of total revenues in the September quarter? Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yes. Krish, I'm not going to give you the exact percentage except to say that when business ticks down a little bit, the installed base really doesn't. And so it's probably going to be a little bit higher in the September quarter but I'm not going to quantify it for you. And then relative to the -- what's going on in September by segment, we don't typically get into the detail. We do that backward-looking but not necessarily forward-looking. But what you heard both Martin and I say is relative softness in memory, so you could assume there's probably some stuff going on there.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC: Okay. Thanks, Doug. Thanks, Martin.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Krish.
Operator: And next, from Goldman Sachs, we'll hear from Toshiya Hari.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Martin, you talked about 2018 WFE being up in kind of the single-digit range. As a housekeeping question, what are your updated expectations for DRAM, NAND, logic and foundry, respectively?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: As a housekeeping response, we didn't disclose that before and I'm not going to kind of increment the disclosure today. Obviously, I think common knowledge at this point, the memory bias is first half, and the logic foundry is much closer to flattish, right? So you've got that as a kind of broad reference on WFE and that's where I would sit responding to the question, specifically. Maybe I could kind of provide some quality to statements as well that are helpful in response to the question. The adjustments we've seen from customers in DRAM, I would say, have avoided overinvestments. That's a nice, simple way to kind of characterize it and we still believe from the analytics that we can form, it's still a tight marketplace. In NAND flash, the pace of the adjustments that we have seen have been moderating. They've been slowing, hence, the commentary that we're giving today around September and then expansion of the company again in December.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And then as a follow-up, just wanted again an update on what you're seeing in China. Obviously, the political landscape is unstable, to say the least. Don't know if that really impacts what your customers do in China but I'm just curious, your outlook on CapEx in China both for the back half of this year and more importantly, longer term, if that's changed at all.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I don't have the crystal ball, obviously, to kind of opine on the political dynamic and how various elements of this conversation play out. But our assumption today around the execution of our plans is the same as it always has been. We see legitimacy in the ambition and we see investments in capacity in China that are synchronized to the demand for units out of fabs and I would make that statement on a global basis and I would make it in regards to China as well. Obviously, tariff-based conversations can and do impact the operations of companies like Lam and so left unattended, tariffs create incremental cost structures for us and we make the impact immaterial by modifying kind of our supply chain. We have to take actions to mitigate that risk and there's no material exposure embedded in our forecast for tariffs. Relative to long-term China, if the environment of export control it is what it is today, the plans of customers will execute. If it changes, then we have to kind of revisit the assumptions at that point in time. We don't see evidence today of planned changes, so nothing to report. But I would say we're attentive to the very same things that you are and we can control only so much of this conversation. So  and we'll be on the same boat as everybody else if and when things change, I guess.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Pitzer at Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Martin, if you kind of look at your growth over the last several years, there's been multiple components to it, but market share gain has been a meaningful driver of your growth profile. I'm just kind of curious as you look towards the 9x layer NAND and then 1y, 1x, 1z in DRAM, how are you thinking about your share potential from here?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: It is kind of a shorter term message and a long-term message. The shorter one is we are in for a busy second half because the decisions of the second half, have a  I think a three times greater in the impact than the ones at the first half. So, the second half is a busy period for the company. The objective of the company, I hope, is well understood. We are investing to increase our relevance to the success of the customers and gain market share in etch and deposition, in memory, and in logic foundry. And we've put together multiple years' worth of momentum that we intend to build upon. We don't win everything, we don't defend everything, but we've demonstrated over a multiple years that we win more than we don't and that's the objective kind of going forward. The best reference still is the long-term models that we gave, that's the call out market share references. And the last thing I would say is when you think about the holistic growth opportunities of Lam, let's remember market share is $1 billion component of a $3 billion reference. So we're seeking $1 billion of SAM expansion, we're seeking $1 billion of growth from market share and we're seeking $1 billion of growth in the space of the installed base business of the company. So it's kind of one element of three and all are very important and all are being invested in.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful, Martin. And then as you think about kind of the recovery into the December quarter, obviously, if your memory customers are more profitable of recovery becomes easier and so there is clearly a price element embedded in the recovery. But I'm just kind of curious to what extent could it be somewhat ASP independent on the memory side? It's just the timing of when these technology transitions your customers are working on begin to inflect again.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yes. I mean, I think the profitability levels and the revenue levels, it eliminates the limitations on investments, but I don't think profitability levels on their own drive investment. I think demand for chips and elasticity of demand from pricing and attachment rates drive demand for investment. So I think profits have taken off the table the limitations, but certain points in our history have limited investment so there's much more flexibility for our customers today than ever before. But I think our customers hold themselves accountable to investing capacity when they have chips to sell. And that's a great commentary on health of an industry.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, John.
Operator: And next, we have Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. Martin, historically, when we have seen a weakness over your memory customers, they have all happened at the same time or maybe one after another. What's different this time? I mean, you talked about not all customers are changing their plans and why should we believe others won't follow the leaders?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, I've tried to articulate again not just in memory, but broadly in the industry, how I think the industry is different today than it was through kind of 10 years ago. And one of the differences is that I see very significant customers in leadership positions with very clear segment and market focus that has some differences with very clear strategies and very clear opportunities and risks and limitations on strategies. And our customers, and I'll use 3D NAND as a great example, there was a -- I think a four-year separation between the first adopter on 3D NAND technology to the last of the four. And that's illustrative of how their strategies are quite unique. And that's not a good or bad. It's just a statement of uniqueness optimized in their minds to the opportunities in the marketplace to be successful growing a business. So I think customers -- they are all attempting to pursue the right ambition, which is profitable market share, not just market share, and we have the same aspiration. But there is, for sure, a uniqueness of a device targeting in the marketplace, market segmentation. There's also uniqueness of clean room capacity, there is also uniqueness of investment coming online from a timing point of view. And there's uniqueness in terms of the installed base roadmaps of these companies. And so, all of that means, I believe, that the power of the customer is greater than the power of the segment when it comes to analyzing the direction of the industry.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And Doug, fairly aggressive share repurchase here, 60% through. Is there any consideration of annuity purchase program?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: At the end of the quarter, we were still only 60% on the way through. We need to get a little closer to the end before we'd start thinking about what's next after.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: But the framework, again, is pretty simple for answering that question, right? I mean, the priority is investing the profitable growth of the company and when we have cash that is excess to that need, return it to our shareholders. And we've operated with that philosophy for probably at least a decade, maybe more. And it's the guidance under any conditions going forward.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. We're obviously going to continue the program. We talked about that. I'll remind you the Analyst Day commentary about 50% of cash, but still how we're thinking about the framework.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Atif.
Operator: Then our next question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. If you go back to June quarter, when did you start seeing the weakness in orders or shipments? I guess it's more orders than shipments, and so shipment for the June quarter was above expectation. I'm just trying to reconcile the timing because your other competitors in the equipment space seems to be seeing that a little earlier than you did.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I think you got two problems with the question and the answer I could give you. The first problem is none of us have any idea of the assumptions and the original disclosure of the companies that you're talking about, and so any reference is kind of hard to interpret. I'm not going to get into specifics on dates, but the changes are fairly recent.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Maybe a follow-up question is that related to ASC 606, I know you talked about the product side. But is there any impact on your service revenue as well? There are some multi-year service contracts and others like that?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: No. To a much lesser extent, service looks very similar; old rules, new rules.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Sidney.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Most of my questions have been answered, so just one question for you, Doug. In terms of the installed base business that continues to grow for you guys, you've always talked about how it's very accretive to your operating margins. As that business grows, how do you balance the investments needed to continue to grow that business and I guess streamline those operations to have it continue to drop the bottom line?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I don't think I've ever said, Patrick. It's really accretive. It's maybe a little bit up the operating income line but it's not wildly different. And some of the things we're doing to try to drive growth in that business are the advanced services you hear us talk about, setting objectives around growing faster than the installed base, driving new programs to help solve some of the problems customers have inside of the fab in unique ways that we know how to do given our familiarity with our own equipment.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. And from an investment point of view, I mean, I wouldn't characterize that we run the installed base part of the company any differently than we do the systems piece. I mean, we do our best to anticipate and identify opportunities and risks. We do our best to invest timely and proactively to be successful, and we do our best to make sure that when there are changes in business levels, the cost structure of the company in the short-term is appropriately responsive without kind of compromising that long-term view. And so it's the same gig for every business unit and every element of the portfolio of the company.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: And our next question is from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes, good afternoon. To getting back to the memory side of the business, curious if there was any difference in your view of the bit growth for either the NAND or the DRAM market.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Not really. And no difference, frankly, from the view that's opined by most of the market participants. I mean, we've got an assumption of the low 20s for bit supply in DRAM and we've got an assumption of the low 40s for NAND. So I think that's kind of genuinely consistent with what folks are talking about. From a transition point of view, maybe a little bit more to help you out. I mean, our assumption is that the kind of 1x, 1y investment levels in DRAM will represent somewhere around the 50% level, plus or minus kind of 5 points or 10 points by the end of the calendar year. And we're assuming by the end of the calendar year that the 3D capable parts of the NAND installed base is a little over the 1 million wafer stat per month level. And obviously, it exists in various forms. So 3D isn't all Generation 4 or Generation 5. It's the full portfolio but we're well on the way to making that the primary output technology of non-volatile memory.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, great. And then Doug, when you look at the margin in your guidance still remains fairly healthy, are there any one-time or mix benefits in the quarter or are those expected margins based on the revenue?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Nothing I'd specifically point to, Tom. And business goes up, it goes down a little bit. We do have fixed costs so that's probably a piece of what's going on. But there's also a product mix, a customer mix component. There's always a lot of things that move around quarter by quarter.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: And the best profitability metric for the company forward-looking is the long-term model again.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yes. That's right.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Tom.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: And next, from RBC Capital Markets, we'll hear from Mitch Steves.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just had one in terms of kind of a modeling question if I look out for fiscal year 2019 essentially. Just your margins have improved both on the gross margin and operating margin front of the last several years. Is there any reason that shouldn't continue or how do we think about by and large the operating margin profile for the next year or so?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yes. Mitch, what I'd point you to is we put out in March an update to the long-term model, kind of looking at that, looking at revenue levels, looking at where we've been in recent history and correlating the two data points, I think, is the best guidance I can give you to answer the question.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Mitch.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So I actually have a question around foundry. If I look at the numbers, it's been down quite a bit in fiscal 2018 versus 2017. I think we have heard it from other people so I'm not surprised that it's down. But just curious in the context of the September guidance, it's down mostly or not all in memory. Do you actually expect your foundry revenue to continue to grow sequentially? Or how do you think about that in 3Q or in the calendar second half of the year?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, I mean, from a marketplace point of view as I mentioned a few moments ago, there's much more stability at WFE and foundry logic combined first half and second half than is true in memory. And the specific purchasing decision timings for etch and deposition are, I think, kind of well understood at this point in time. They're a little later in the flow because of shorter lead times perhaps than the lithography investments at this point in time. And we have objectives to gain share obviously from 10 to 7 and in turn to 5. And this year is largely a year of 7 nanometer build-outs and 5 pilots with, as you I think well understand, a pretty broad set of participation at the 28 nanometer level. And we don't have any new headlines today on the EUV. It's exactly the same as it was when we spoke in our Analyst Meeting. So it's a nice opportunity for the company, it continues to be a big focus and yeah, that's, I guess, the best I can share.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Actually, that's very helpful. And then Doug, just on the guidance. If I  my background math tells me your OpEx is down around 10% on the September quarter. Is that all just from call it the leverage or the model or is there any call it programs that you might be delaying that may come back in December? We just wanted to understand how we think about that.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: What I'd tell you relative to R&D programs is nothing is delayed. Everything is going forward at the same pace that it always has been. We're not  if there's a near-term move around in the business, we're not messing around with any of that. I think I talked maybe a year or so ago about you are going to see more variability quarter-to-quarter in our spend modulated by profit levels. Our variable compensation varies with the level of profit of the business. And so as profitably varies, spending varies along with it. And as we look at a softening in business for the quarter, we're very aggressively managing discretionary-type spending, things like travel and entertainment and whatnot just to be responsive to the level of the business. So it's a combination of all of those things.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: But I appreciate you asking the question and recognizing the efforts of the company that respond to balancing short-term and long-term because it's really hard to do. It takes a lot of time and effort to create the guidance that you've just spoken to. So thank you for recognizing it.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: No, thanks for answering my question. That's all I have.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: And next, we'll take a question from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Yeah, thanks for taking my question. First, I just wanted to take a stab at -- C.J. at the beginning had asked your views on 2019 demand. And I don't need a number, but I'm just wondering at this point, do you think you could be -- see a similar level of overall with WFE next year? Or up or down, do you have a directional indication based on your conversations with customers?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I think there's a number of kind of industry participant statements in the marketplace today of equivalency are slightly up. I've seen being kind of the $100 billion references over a couple of years. And I don't have a basis to kind of disagree with those. To more specifically speak to something of substance from Lam, I would say as well as having the expectation that December is higher than September, our expectation is that the first half of next year is a stronger half than the second half of this year. And the order of magnitude, we'll speak to over time. But we feel really good about the health of the industry as I've tried to speak to. We feel kind of really good about the value propositions that our customers are seeking, the discipline throughout the ecosystem, and the opportunity for the company. And so while at some level it all feels like a pretty kind of negative moment in the history of our industry when we get these episodes, it's really good because it's a commentary on timeliness of response and discipline and health. And what should not get lost in this conversation is the fact that if you didn't believe us and you just thought that December EPS would be the same as the September EPS, we have growth in non-GAAP earnings of like 20% year-over-year. And in most of the companies I've ever had an experience of working with, that's not such a bad number, right? So and adjustments exists in the context of some pretty nice growth for the industry and for the company and obviously, for our customers, that's even more true. So we feel pretty good.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, I think I heard you definitely say weakness in memory in Q3 or in September. But, Martin, I think I heard you say it was more of a DRAM shift. And then I thought I heard Doug say there was more trimming in NAND. And I was just wondering if you could clarify what's the bigger driver of the downtick in September and that helps us understand the rebound a little bit better, I think.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. So I was kind of conscious of that potential risk as well as I listened to it. So what Doug was speaking to was kind of like the absolute kind of dollars comparison between the output of the company in the June quarter as compared to September and he's right to say the biggest change there is NAND. What I was speaking to was the prominence of the adjustments in the last kind of month or so. And DRAM was the biggest adjustments in the next month or so, so that's how you reconcile the two statements.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Helpful. Thank you.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you much.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Wes.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I'll turn the call back over to our speakers for closing comments.
Odette Marie Go - Lam Research Corp.: That concludes our call. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining, and have a good afternoon.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-04-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - Vice President, Investor Relations Martin Anstice - Chief Executive Officer Doug Bettinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: CJ Muse - Evercore Vivek Arya - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Romit Shah - Nomura Instinet Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Timothy Arcuri - UBS Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Atif Malik - Citigroup Patrick Ho - Stifel Craig Ellis - B. Riley
Operator: Please standby. Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2018 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Satya Kumar: Yes, thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, Chief Executive Officer and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our outlook on the business environment; review our financial results for the March 2018 quarter and our outlook for the June 2018 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slide in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up, so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. Due to some technical difficulties, our presentation today will be audio-only and the slides accompanying todays presentations have been posted on our website separately from the webcast. With that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Again, thank you all for joining us today. As reported, Lam delivered strong financial results for the March 2018 quarter, with revenue, gross margin dollars and EPS all at record levels and above the midpoint of guidance. In addition, we completed our first ever quarter with over $3 billion in shipments. Including the June quarter outlook, Lam will deliver revenue growth on a year-over-year basis in 23 out of the last 24 quarters, which is a testament to both the successful scaling of our company and a multiyear environment of demand led and more sustainable customer investments. I would like to take this moment to thank our customers, our employees and our partners for the opportunity they provide us for their trust and contributions made, without which the performance of Lam would not be possible. I will keep my comments brief today given that we provided a comprehensive update on our vision, strategy and objectives at our recent Investor Day. Cost effective scaling of semiconductor device performance remains critical to addressing opportunities provided by the transition to the data economy and now is substantially more diverse in scope than traditional shrink. In this context, our focus is on systematically strengthening the competitiveness and relevance of Lams product portfolio to the success of our customers. Broadly recognized, etch and deposition technologies are now foundational and permanent features in the current roadmap of vertical scaling, multi-patterning, advanced packaging and advanced transistor architectures. These inflections have resulted in substantial growth in our serviceable addressable market, or SAM and reiterating a headline of the recent Investor Day, we are on track to grow our SAM to over 40% of wafer fabrication equipment spending by 2021. As an acknowledged leader in etch and deposition markets, we have an opportunity to capture a greater proportion of our customers spending by delivering unit process excellence, leveraging our multi-product capabilities and engaging in closer collaboration within the semi-ecosystem. We are making substantial comprehensive and disciplined investments in R&D to fund innovation that is intended to extend the differentiation of our products and services portfolio and we continue to prudently scale the infrastructure of the company to support our 2021 objectives. Customer equipment selection decisions in the March 2018 quarter were consistent with expectations in the context of our long-term objectives. Irrespectively, we secured additional wins in dielectric etch one for a high aspect ratio DRAM application and another for NAND flash, both at leading memory manufacturers. We also won a new nonvolatile memory application with an advanced etch capability harnessing value from our unit process excellence and unmatched collaboration between Lam etch and deposition business units. We see solid momentum with our deposition portfolio and we are pleased recently to celebrate our 500 VECTOR Strata PECVD product shipments. This platform continues to offer industry leading productivity and film property control that together creates custom enablements and competitive differentiation for Lam creating value and enhancing codependency in multi-stack deposition applications in 3D NAND for example. Our systems business is augmented by our installed base business where we have been focused on enhancing the breadths and competitiveness of our products and services as a means of further enabling our customers success. Customer support business unit revenue growth continued to outperform thats of our installed base growth in the March quarter and we achieved key customer penetrations within our reliance and advanced services business. At our recent Investor Day we provided several metrics of our long-term growth not only to illustrate the value of this annuity like business, but more importantly to emphasize the integral role it plays in value creation, value capture and increasing codependency with our customers. Now, turning to the macro and wafer fabrication equipment, WFE spending environments, expectations for global economic growth remains strong and are healthy. We believe that content growth remains a powerful multiyear driver of demand in the data economy. Context for multiyear customer investments is not simply a byproduct of market efficiency from consolidation and disciplines operational execution through the semiconductor supply chain, it is more fundamentally endorsed by the evergreen verticals of climate change, education, food and water, healthcare, security and transportation that together define the opportunity for silicon based artificial intelligence, AI technologies and applications and services innovation globally. In the smartphone end markets innovative data intensive services will increasingly be deployed leveraging AI and using a range of enabling artificial and virtual reality technologies. The deployment of 5G networks will improve the quality of these services, but to deliver the best user experience the smartphones themselves will require a combination of higher screen resolution, faster refresh cycles and lower power. This will drive the need for nearly 2x the DRAM contents in smartphones relative to the current global average. Additionally, density increases associated with higher layer counts in 3D NANDs create the opportunity for terabyte level storage in smartphones within the next few years. For 2018 WFE investments by our customers remain prudent and demand led. Since our update in January WFE continues to track up low double-digits in 2018 compared to 2017 with slightly higher DRAM mix and slightly lower logic investments compared to our earlier baseline. For NAND and nonvolatile memory broadly the totality of our perspective would be that long-term demand drivers are compelling. Customer investments in 2018 appear essentially equivalents to those of 2017 and considering the impacts of customer specific to our moving plans this year spending we expect will be first half biased. For Lam aggregating all customer segments, we currently anticipate a first half second half shipments waiting at the low 50s high 40s level in 2018. We expect relatively balanced revenues through the year. As always this prospective account will likely change as our customers seek ways to exploit their competitive advantage and market timing later in the year. It seems that the perpetual bull-bear debate surrounds the sustainability of memory based investments. In that context, we think it is worthy to note that associated with the emergence of cloud and collectivity, the 7-year cumulative annual growth rate for memory WFE is 15%, 10x greater than the comparable foundry logic WFE CAGR. Combined with the concentration to etch and deposition technologies, a strong memory business in the new data economy is a sustainable asset and not a liability from our perspective. In addition and perhaps still somewhat underappreciated is the strengthening of Lam business, the diversification of Lam business into foundry and logic. In only the 24-month period ending December 2018, we expect Lam shipments in these segments to grow 2x faster than the pace of the underlying foundry logic WFE. In short, we feel thats the historic strength of Lam has never been more valuable. Further, the historic relative weakness of Lam is becoming much stronger. In closing, we target outperforming overall industry growth again in calendar year 2018 and we are focused on successfully executing to our near and long-term objectives growing some and increasing market share with an enhanced product and services portfolio. Strong March quarter performance is consistent with our expectations and we remain pleased with the companys execution in financials in an overall healthy industry environment. With that, I will turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay, great. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We are very pleased with our results for the March quarter delivering record levels in shipments, revenue and operating income dollars. Each of these items grew double-digit percentage sequentially from the December quarter. Execution from the company continues to remain very strong. Shipments for the quarter came in at $3.135 billion, which was up 19% sequentially and within the guided range. Shipments were up 30% year-over-year. Timing of shipments to certain new customer projects was a primary factor in our shipment profile coming in slightly below the midpoint. As we expected, memory shipments continued to grow in the quarter, with the combined memory segment making up 84% of total system shipments and that compares to 77% in the previous quarter. Our overall nonvolatile memory shipments remain very strong representing approximately 57% of system shipments compared to 53% last quarter. DRAM shipments represented 27% of system shipments, which was up from 24% on prior quarter. The NAND and DRAM markets continue to benefit from density growth as we transition to the new data enabled economy. The Foundry segment was down accounting for 10% of system shipments relative to 15% of system payments in December. The logic and other segment contribute 6% of both system shipments compared to 8% in the prior quarter. And we would point out we expect that both foundry and logic shipments will be stronger as we go through the remainder of this year. We delivered record revenue of $2.892 billion in the March quarter, which was an increase of 12% from December and above the midpoint of our guidance. Gross margin for the period came in at 46.8%, which was down 80 basis points sequentially, but towards the higher end of our guided range. And as we shared before, our actual gross margins are a function of several factors such as business volumes, product mix and customer concentration and we expect to see variability on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Operating expenses in the quarter grew to $486 million, but decreased 60 basis points on a percentage basis to 16.8% of revenues. On a dollar basis, R&D spending and SG&A both increased sequentially and we continue to have approximately 63% of our spending allocated to R&D. Investments in R&D are fundamental to driving long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders within the S&P 500 sectors the semiconductor and equipment group flagged the highest in the percentage of R&D spend on average for the last several years. Our strong R&D investment strategy is central to maintaining our technology leadership as we position the company to benefit from the multiple technology inflections and to deliver the growth that we have highlighted during our Investor Day in March. Operating income in the March quarter came in at a record level of $867 million, which was up over 11% from the prior quarter. Operating margin came in at the high end of our guidance at 30% due to the stronger gross margin performance and slightly better operating expenses than we expected. Excluded from non-GAAP earnings are approximately $47 million in losses from the sale of investments in anticipation of cash repatriation under the recent U.S. tax reform. We are essentially liquidating our fixed income portfolio to enable the cash to come to the United States. The tax rate for the quarter was 1%. We expect the tax rate to be in the mid single-digit percentage range for the first half of calendar 2018 of high single-digit percentage for the June quarter. I will just remind you in the longer run a tax rate in the middle teens remains the right level for you to include in your models. Based on the share count of approximately 178 million shares, earnings per share for the March quarter were $4.79, above the high end of our guidance, excuse me. The primary drivers of this upside versus our guidance were higher revenue, higher profitability, lower taxes and the lower share count. The share count includes dilution from the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes with the total dilutive impact being approximately 13 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. Total conversions that settled in the March quarter were 228 million with 193 million related to the 2041 bond and the remainder related to the 2018 convertible note. The dilution schedules for the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. And just a reminder at our Analyst Day in March, we announced the plan to return at least 50% of our free cash flow to stockholders over the next 5 years. This included a plan to increase quarterly dividends by 120% to $1.10 and an additional $2 billion share repurchase authorization for a total of $4 billion authorized since November of last year. At the end of the quarter, we had completed approximately 25% of the current $4 billion share repurchase authorization. This was primary executed through an accelerated share repurchase program that is still ongoing. We are planning to complete our authorization over the next 12 months to 18 months in tandem with the expected timing of our cash repatriation. During the quarter we paid roughly $80 million in dividends. So now let me switch to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments including restricted cash increased during the quarter to $6.7 billion compared to $6 billion at the end of the December quarter. Approximately 87% of this total cash is still offshore. We do expect to be able to move some portion of the offshore cash to the United States during the June quarter. Cash from operations was slightly over $1 billion, up from $29 million in December. Cash generation was partially offset by our capital return programs and capital expenditures. Day sales outstanding decreased by 14 days to 66 days. You may recall me talking last quarter about the timing of certain collections falling just outside of the December quarter. All of those were collected in the March quarter. Inventory turns remained roughly consistent the prior quarter at 3.7x. And as we mentioned in our December quarter earnings call adoption of the ASC 606 new revenue recognition standard will start in the September quarter for Lam. We will provide additional clarity on the impact of the standard in our next earnings call, but I wanted to highlight that adoption of ASC 606 will make our revenue more closely aligned with the timing of shipments. Company non-cash expenses included approximately $41 million each for equity comp, amortization and depreciation. Capital expenditures were $49 million, which was down from $85 million in the December quarter. And as a reminder, we expect CapEx in 2018 will be higher versus 2017 levels to support manufacturing network expansion and growth in strategic R&D investments. We exited the quarter with approximately 10,600 regular full-time employees. The headcount additions were primarily in the factory and field with other additions in R&D. By looking ahead, we would like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the June quarter. We are expecting shipments of $3 billion plus or minus $150 million. We expect continued strength in memory and slight growth in both foundry and logic. Were forecasting revenue of $3.100 billion plus or minus $150 million, gross margin of 47.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point, operating margins of 31% plus or minus 1 percentage point, and finally, earnings per share of $5 plus or minus $0.20 based on the share count of approximately 178 million shares. We are pleased with our performance in the March quarter and with the guidance we have just shared for the June quarter, we anticipate our shipments to be biased to the first half primarily due to heavier first half NAND spending by our customers, we expect comparatively more balanced to our revenues half-on-half. Overall, we continue to execute well by having the right products, making the right investments at the right time to take advantage of the technology inflections driving the transition to the new data economy. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from CJ Muse with Evercore.
CJ Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, clearly a lot of debate around sustainability of memory and I was hoping maybe you could help out on the DRAM side. As you think about shrinking at the next node, what kind of bit growth are you seeing overall for the industry and what kind of new greenfield capacity do you think is required each and every year as we proceed from here?
Martin Anstice: Thats a very precise question, CJ, each and every year. So, I mean, I think the headlines that you have just highlighted with your question is that where at an inflection relative to the economics of DRAM in two respects, one of them is the cost of the investments it costs more for bit density today than it did 5 years ago. But on the other side of that coin, the value proposition associated with what our customers are selling and what they are ultimately getting paid for those devices is dramatically different as well and to the point that we tried to make in our investor meeting, while its true to say that our customers have never spent more money, its also true to say that in many respects they have never spent a smaller proportion of their profits. And so when we look at bit density per wafer out, it is obviously lower today than it was 5 years ago, but pricing stability in DRAM appears there. Profits for sure are healthy in the memory community. Last time, I looked most of our customers were reporting 40% to 50% operating income levels. And I think when we look at the spending, the best of our ability is to figure out, CJ, it looks disciplined, it looks balanced and it looks healthy in the context of how customers are executing with a prudent investment in additions and significant investment in conversions.
CJ Muse: Very helpful. And as my follow-up, I guess, Doug, can you kind of walk through how you are expecting mix in gross margin to be impacted by mix as we move into the second half of the calendar year?
Doug Bettinger: CJ, we dont really give guidance one quarter at a time, but what I would suggest to you is as I always do in my scripted remarks, gross margin will move around quarter-to-quarter depending on business volumes, product mix, customer concentration. If I looked at the last, I dont know year or two, we have bounced around between 46% and 47% and thats kind of what we have got baked into the financial model, so thats probably a good signpost used relative to how to think about it C.J.
CJ Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks C.J.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. First one, Doug I think you mentioned on shipments some timing of shipments came out of March, went into June if you could had to quantify that. And then as we look into June you are guiding to some small decline in shipments quarter-to-quarter which I believe is somewhat different than the seasonal norm if you could provide any color around that would be also useful?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Vivek, I mean quite honestly, we missed the midpoint in guidance by $40 million which honestly is four or five tools when you think about in the grand text of whats happening with our numbers, so as always you have got things that shipped and they moved around every quarter. And I am not really going to comment on any specific customer, but it was a pretty modest variance in terms of how to think about them.
Martin Anstice: I think on the seasonality components of the question, one of the themes of the investor meeting was the irony of consolidating kind of customer base, but a more diversified demand portfolio. And in transitions away from kind of simple units to a density and the role that enterprise and clouds and data center has in the construct of this marketplace, I am not sure any of us would agree what the headlines of seasonality are. I am not sure I could articulate as the guidance only being in this industry close 20 years I wouldnt be able to describe to you what seasonality is today, because its a dramatically different profile of demand for IC and the discipline of our customers is very different today than it was 10 years ago.
Vivek Arya: Alright. And the follow-up, Martin our foundry contribution, only about 10% in march, I think probably one of the lowest levels we have seen, how do you think about that the contribution on a quantitative basis as we move throughout the rest of the year and especially the pipeline ahead of some of the node migrations that your foundry customers are going to go through? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean the foundry headline for company is awesome. I mean it could be better, it can more awesome, but we have made a significant amount of progress in the last of couple years and I talked about in my compared comments thats not only do I think we have foundational strengths from the memory presence in the company, but the diversification of foundry and logic is the strength, but perhaps its a little underappreciated. The objective we have running the company is to ship products to customers when they ask for them not early, not late and so when you see these quarterly kind of movements it really is nothing more than a customers request. And frankly I mean we would love to live in the world of perfectly calm and predictable and unknown variable world if we dont, so we do the best we can to ship to customers when they ask for it. So there really is no headline associated with the 10% number that you referred to for the foundry other than that just happened to be the schedule of the customers request compared in contrast with December and compared to contrast with the June quarter. So the strength what we characterized is real we believe sustainable and we are working hard to make it even more valuable going forward.
Doug Bettinger: And Vivek we expect foundry will grow as we go through the year as well and just to reiterate the comment I had in my script.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Vivek.
Operator: And your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. Martin, I was hoping you could provide an update on China, I think there have been a couple of media reports recently about some of your customers winning real business for the first time and some of your customers planning on ramping capacity later this year and to 2019, so it does feel like we are getting closer to a decently sized ramp if you will. So, I guess the question is what are you seeing in terms of bookings today and what are your expectations over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Martin Anstice: Yes. Actually, I think our expectation today is almost exactly the same to the expectation that we started the year with, maybe even had almost a year ago. I mean we believe in the vision thats being articulated and we see our customers investing to build competency, capability and know how to go execute that vision. And indeed we are aware that the customers kind of reported real end customer business and outlet that presumably legitimizes this. So, going back to where we started this conversation in earlier in the year, we expect a couple of billion dollars of incremental WFE this year in China and that represents 10%, 12% or so of the overall WFE kind of marketplace. So, the bulk of the industry is still outside of China and obviously included in China or at least the global company investments as well as the domestic community. So, I would say it continues to appear like there is steady progress.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, great. And then as my follow-up I was hoping you guys can talk a little bit about the ALD opportunity longer term I think you touched on the subject briefly at your Investor Day, but if you could remind us how you use size the opportunities at longer term, if you can talk a little bit about the competitive landscape there? That would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think we have obviously articulated not just for deposition business unit, but also for the etch business unit, the importance of control and repeatability and opening our process windows for our customers and atomic level processing is an important part of delivering that. There are other significant challenges for our customers, not least aspect ratios, but atomic level processing is increasingly relevant to the success of the company and the success of the customers. So, its big investments. Its one of the biggest areas of competitive momentum. We dont actually characterize in any detail the proportion of WFE that we think is directly assignable because that we obviously have competitive sensitivity to that, but I think we got fundamental differentiation on technology and productivity and the engagement with the customer is comprehensive. And I am pretty pleased with the momentum we have.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet.
Romit Shah: Yes, thank you. Martin, I definitely appreciate your comments around just DRAM spending looking balanced and disciplined, but seeing that shipments here over 30% sequentially and 50% year-on-year, I mean, obviously realized that higher cost per bit is a factor, but at what level do you become concerned that your DRAM customers are adding too much capacity?
Martin Anstice: I would say I would be concerned that our customers are adding a few much capacity if the analytics in our company in terms of end use demand concluded that there was a dramatic imbalance and we have no evidence of that. I mean, we are trying to articulate and our prospective may not be the best thats a choice obviously that you have to make, but we do our best to analyze kind of end markets. And when we look at bit mind and bit consensus and then the construct of the market and isolate, for example, a 45% servr bit growth assumption in DRAM and that impact on investment levels and then to the best of our abilities understands, bit per wafer and the investment choices for customers between conversions and additions. We end up in the same place that our customers are articulating plans. And so its left to do with how big the number is in my opinion and much more to do with whether it correlates to the statement of demand.
Doug Bettinger: As well as affordability, Romit, as you know, I mean, DRAM revenue and profits are all-time record levels.
Romit Shah: Yes, got it and helpful. Thanks for that. And then could you also just talk about whats happening in logic you have  or at least my understanding is you have a very strong position at 10-nanometer, certainly a better position than you did at the previous node and we have seen revenues in this category run up last year, you had a very strong Q3, but shipments down the last couple of quarters and I think you mentioned that logic was a little weaker than you anticipated in the first quarter?
Martin Anstice: Yes. I dont know that its particularly material in the long-term. Again, I go back to my answer to the earlier question in foundries, I mean, all we try to do if I am very correct and honest is ship product to customers let me ask for it, not earlier and not late and thats our focus and thats priorities. So, you are going to see up and down as customers adjust schedules and most of the time we get that light fairly well to our midpoint guidance and we almost always get it correct in our range, in fact, I think always in our range. So, I mean, I dont think we are doing that job a signaling here. But its just a matter of the timing of investments by customers and that goes up and down and we just roll on truly. But focus of the company to where you started is making sure that we have a product portfolio thats more relevant to our logic and foundry customers and to making sure that we are gaining more market share and in the microprocessors and foundry both hopefully we have been effectively communicating pretty positive market share in the last couple of years.
Doug Bettinger: And Romit the only other thing I would add on that is I do think probably when you look at the logic shipments for the course of 2018 it will go up from where it is in March.
Romit Shah: Okay, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Well, good afternoon and great job on the quarter of the execution. As a follow-up to the prior questions on DRAM, maybe a different way of asking the question is to see if the team can help us quantify some of the reviews, overall DRAM industry capacity has been trending about 1.1 million wafers products per month and relatively flattish for the past several years, the market has been getting nervous in the amount of announced DRAM CapEx spend announcement of new fiber expansion product or projects, but a lot of it I think is just to offset capacity declines and technology conversion and just to maintain a stable bit supply output, so wanted to get your views on how much you see total industry capacity going this year?
Martin Anstice: So I 100% agree with what you articulated in terms of the rationale for investments whether tradition or conversion, I mean its for demand and its the consequence of capital intensity relative to the incremental bits of various kind of nodes transitions. So I mean not exactly the same place, we are in exactly the same place that you articulated in your question. Unfortunately in a world of very few customers today its almost impossible for an equipment company to answer directly the question that you just asked. Its too competitively sensitive for our customers. So we do respect I have to ask you to ask them, but what I will say is we do see a modest increase in capacity in DRAM associated with the driver of demand to the consensus of the kind of low to mid-20 bit growth number that everybody seems to kind of talk about these days. And it seems like its perfectly relevant to the choices that our customers are making. So unfortunately, quantification has to come from them and thats what I can tell you is it appears modest and balanced and rational.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there Martin. Doug a question for you, great job on the strong free cash flow almost I think 35% free cash flow margins in the March quarter, although you did tell us that you are going to play some catch up here versus the weaker December quarter, but at the high level, going back to last earnings call and Analyst Day, we will just assume that you can maintain operating margins in sort of the 30%, 31% plus range this year, we would anticipate free cash flow margins for the full calendar year in the range of about 26% to 27% for the full year is that kind of the right way to think about it?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Thats the right way to think about it Harlan. I mean CapEx in the model in terms of how we think about it is 3% to 4% of revenue typically so yes, thats whats company had it in the model we gave in March.
Harlan Sur: Great, alright. Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. Doug, we saw a lot of volatility in the share prices in the March quarter, so a bit surprised that we didnt see more significant buybacks, can you just talk about what are some of the variables that you think about in terms of buying back the shares, is there any constraints that stopped you from buying more?
Doug Bettinger: The primary thing Frahan relative to the $4 billion authorization is just availability of cash domestically, 87% of the cash that the company has still is domicile outside the United States. It takes time to move that around. We have taken step one of that in terms of beginning to liquidate the portfolio, but there is administrative paperwork to dividend things up and down, the tax structure to get the cash and thats the primary thing that we need to have. We need the cash before we can buy significant stock and that will come over the next 12 months with almost all of the cash will be available by the end of year.
Martin Anstice: So I think in the context of the questions were certainly important to emphasize kind of the long-term vision for the company that we talked about at the investor meeting which is kind of redistribution of 50% of free cash flow generated over the long-term and nothing new to say today. So, its a transactional moment in time, but a bit longer term commitments adding us the important message.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then one question on the non-CapEx at the beginning, you had talked about non-CapEx being kind of modestly up this year and DRAM being up more significant. If I look at your March quarter shipments up a lot and I was just wondering if your outlook in NAND has changed in any way in terms of the overall CapEx spending this year?
Martin Anstice: Not really. Its more or less the same today as it was kind of 3 months ago kind of what you are seeing is first half bias, which Doug talked about in his prepared comments more or less the investments that we expected is the one that seems to be playing out. And any 1 month or any 1 week or any one quarter that can go left or right a little bit, but pretty much where we expected it to be and no fundamental message is in terms of kind of bit growth that are different from the consensus and maybe the only incremental thing I would say is our expectations of investments this year which kind of lead to approximately a similar level of shipped capacity not yet qualified at the end of 18 to the level that existed in 17, which obviously definitely means the same level of discipline at the end of the beginning that existed at the beginning of the year.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you. Thats all I have.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Farhan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. Can I ask a slightly annoying question I guess that people are asking me as well? You said on the last call that you thought that the shipment levels would be relatively balanced through the year, they are down a little bit in Q2, they are going to be down a little bit in the second half, is that just at the noise level, I realized these are very small changes? Has anything changed in terms of the way you see the pattern that you see through the year?
Martin Anstice: Not really. And I dont want to sound dismissive about the short-term, but again in context whether its in the context of the answer to the shipments kind of midpoint question or the difference between what we said last time and what we said this time and I think its the same message in slightly different words and none of it changes in our opinion the long-term opportunity and the importance of investing for long-term and the potential that we described in the investor meeting. So, from the inside out, this is transactional noise more than anything fundamental and if that changes we will tell you, but thats about it right now.
Joe Moore: Great. Thats what I thought. Thank you so much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thank you. I had two questions guys. First on China trade, well actually both of them on China trade. First of all, is there the potential is there any President for the government to restrict exports of equipment into China?
Martin Anstice: Well, we have lived in that world before. And it wasnt I would say a fundamental restriction it just made the process of doing business in China a more bureaucratic. We have to file for licenses and so on and so forth. So, there is President for U.S. export restrictions of technology, not so much into semiconductor, but into semiconductor when there was a dual use that the defense department or the commerce department we are trying to manage. Maybe if I take the essence of your question and go somewhere beyond its precisely to kind of the conversation of our tariffs. We dont see an impact today on our business or on our customers business or on our industry that would cause us to say that there is a new kind of long-term message. But we are attentive to two very important things. If tariffs starts to be disruptive to consumer confidence that has an impact in the global economy and it will eventually impact semiconductors and in turn equipments and we are attentive to domestic equipment company agendas as well. And I am not seeing that today, but if things got a little bit tit for tat, then there are obviously risks at a minimum that we need to be attentive to, but the end of the day, there is the fundamental value proposition that comes from every equipment company thats 30 years or 40 years old and we win business and we enable based on our expertise competency and know-how. So, I am not seeing kind of risks today, but we are attentive to the other two things that we have just  that I just described attentive to consumer confidence changes and attentive to domestic equipment company agendas.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Thank you. And then just this, it seems to be a school of thought that maybe this could accelerate the pace of the build out of some of these indigenous projects, I mean they seem pretty rational and pretty return focused, but have you seen any signs that they may want to pull forward some of the timelines because of some potential down the road for this to evolve into something that is bigger than it is today?
Martin Anstice: No.
Timothy Arcuri: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So first my questions is on our foundry just to clarify your comment, you said that foundry CapEx you expect to be largely in line will it tell you something, is that correct, we will see more conversion from 10 nanometer to 7 nanometer, I would expect maybe slight decline in foundry. And then kind of looking beyond this year kind of based on how will you guys look at demand and the foundry capacity, do you see a scenario of what a foundry spending can potentially grow beyond this year?
Martin Anstice: I think we started the year with a kind of flat to slightly down kind of concrete for foundry year-over-year and no change today. And I think if I heard the second part of your question it relates to whether there is upsides, did I get it correct?
Edwin Mok: Yes. These are just  is there upside probably laid on this year or going into 2018 there is some speculation?
Martin Anstice: I would say maybe I mean we are doing our best to articulate what we think is likely to happen. And there maybe is interwoven in this conversation around advanced computes as the components of this value proposition in AI and data economy and it serves in the purpose to have a great cloud with great storage and great memory without great competition. So, if the value proposition accelerates, then I think it is an industry-wide opportunity. But in the context of the pilot line timings that we understand with our customers for 5 nanometer, the investments in 7 nanometer and 10 nanometer plans, the outlook that we have described is the best we have to offer right now.
Edwin Mok: I see, okay, great. I think thats all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, two follow-ups. You mentioned your revenue for the second half of the current year is more balanced with the first half and we have the revenues for the first half, does that suggest that we should assume a quarterly revenue that has provided you the free handle for the September and December quarter?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Mehdi necessarily relative balance could be plus or minus 51.9 something like that, its  and I have given you guidance for every quarter through the rest of the year right now.
Mehdi Hosseini: Alright, okay.
Doug Bettinger: Martin described shipments low-50s, high-40s half-on-half, my comment was revenue would be a little bit more balanced in comparing that.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. In terms of the guidance, I wanted to go back to some of your commentary from the Analyst Day and obviously we have been debating sustainability of the memory spend since your shipment hit the $1 billion target and now we are at the $3 billion and sustainability of memory spend keeps coming up, in the mean time revenues are actually diversifying you have recently started to highlight the services mix and especially with the new tools for non-customers is the higher services content and if you really believe in a new paradigm shift why cant you help us to better model and kind of shift away from these seasonality where if I take your shipment for the March quarter and analyze it, that would suggest shipment up, well over 20% for the year and perhaps maybe some additional color on the revenue mix could better help us and move away from this seasonality that is being just lingering?
Martin Anstice: I am not sure exactly what you are referring to the seasonality, but I mean at the end of the day shipments and revenue mix will be exactly the same, one is timing shipments sometimes happen sooner than revenues. So at the end of the day, it all normalizes to the same thing which is why we give you the shipment probably the way we do.
Doug Bettinger: If I can add just one more thing, I would say if I mean for anybody on the call at any point in time listening to Lam Research, if you have recommendations on specific disclosure that you think would be helpful if we feel like we can do it in the context of respecting our customers and if we can do it in the context of preserving competitive advantage, we have every motivation to do that. So, we are doing the best we can to articulate an outlook in an opportunity and risk and so on and so forth. And if you have specific recommendations, please make the most line and we will do the best we can.
Mehdi Hosseini: Does your shipment represent services and parts or is it just a system?
Martin Anstice: When I gave you the color on the percentages every quarter, Mehdi, I specifically say system shipment, so its system.
Mehdi Hosseini: Right. If you are going to realize the $1 billion of incremental revenue from services that wont be captured by shipment and thats what could become the difference looking forward?
Martin Anstice: Potentially, yes, Mehdi.
Mehdi Hosseini: Alright. Just I think the suggestion with the customer with the guide?
Martin Anstice: We will consider. We will think about how we can give you better understanding on whats going on the services which I think at the end of the day is what you are asking for right.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes.
Martin Anstice: Alright. We will think about it offline if you want to share with us what would be helpful too. That would help us think about it.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thanks.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Mehdi.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Atif Malik with Citigroup.
Atif Malik: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. Just want to go back to the shipment mix and you made point of expectations on the timing of the projects, can you share with us if there is one end-market thats responsible for this $40 million shortfall, is it more foundry or is it more NAND?
Martin Anstice: Atif, as you can appreciate, we have a very small set of customers and we are giving more color than just timing of certain projects  with certain customer projects is probably the best we can do for you.
Atif Malik: Okay. And then as a follow-up just broadly speaking can you share with us your expectations on the timing off the 92, 96 layer 3D NAND for the industry versus the 64-layer NAND migration, when should we expect the majority of the NAND makers moving to 92, 96 layer NAND? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: I think the best we can do is refer you back to the flash memory summit presentation we made last year, which to the best of my recollection details all of our assumptions in terms of phases of development for NAND flash and rather be selective to ones and risking being inconsistent with that, Id ask you to kind of go back to that disclosure. And if there is the remaining question then, please follow-up with Satya. Thanks, Atif.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Mart, maybe first off in terms of foundry logic commentary you detailed, given a lot of the noise out there surrounding EUV, can you detail from a Lam perspective  what applications and what new areas do you see etch and deposition that are helping you grow that serve the available market in spite of I guess some of the air concerns about EUV reducing the capital intensity of those two processes?
Martin Anstice: Well, I guess, at the very basic level we have attempted for the last several years to articulate a set of assumptions, which I think are generally consistent with the assumptions that our customers communicate and the assumptions that ASML would communicate around adoption of EUV and using those assumptions we have attempted to communicate this through the 5-nanometer transition, our SAM increases in etch and deposition. So, I would say the first part of answering the question is we have articulated to the best of our ability increasing SAM through 5-nanometer and we will see what integration scheme show up a 3 before answering that question. In addition to that, the company is making a very specific set of investments and you have seen one of them quite publicly or maybe two of them quite publicly, but I will pick one of them now and thats the world of advanced equipment process control. So we have articulated incremental SAM that we are targeting for the purposes of delivering more control and process and more a repeatability or uniformity so on and so forth. And that is directly relevant to foundry and microprocessor opportunity for the company as well and I am not going to go into details, but we have 3 or 4 pretty significant SAM expansion objectives above and beyond the inflections we have been talking about for the last several years and thats all obviously incorporated in the long-term financial models that we presented a few weeks ago.
Patrick Ho: Alright. Thanks for asking that. And Doug, as a follow-up, I know you probably wont say that visibility has significantly increased, but just based on customer projects and timing of them, it seems like your equipment industry as a whole is getting much better visibility than they have ever gotten. Your balance sheet metrics in the procurement and everything you have done seems to be reacting very well. What changes have you made that has allowed you to adjust to I guess maybe increase visibility as well as the higher demand levels?
Doug Bettinger: I mean all the technology inflections you have seen happened over the last several years, Patrick that required our customers to have very advanced conversations those are well in advance of when they need certain capability, because we need to develop the equipment quite honestly. So, I dont think thats new. Its been happening over the last several years and its enabled us to plan our company to be able to support where we are at today. So, the conversation is very deep and rich when you are enabling the customers roadmap in the way that we are.
Patrick Ho: Right, thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate all the color on the call so far, guys. I just wanted to ask a question to get some longer term context around the full year shipment commentary. I think if I look back over the last 2 years there have been years when we have looked for a half-on-half profile that would be down in the second half and yet the year played out and it wound up being up. So as you look at the risks on both sides, can you just recap the upside risk to that shipment outlook as well as the downside risk? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: I guess, I am not sure its bigger. I mean at the end of the day, if you believe the statements that we are making around discipline and demand led investments, then the kind of known commodities at this point in time relates to the capital intensity of any one technology node or any one kind of device architecture. So, I dont think there is kind of too many risks or opportunities relative to peoples understanding of kind of cost consequence of a DRAM or a 3D NAND transition. Individual customer plans in a short-term can create artificial kind of disruption I would say in terms of WFE. In the long-term, I dont think its all, because if one customer decreases and other one likely increases, if one increases and other one slightly decreases, so you kind of see kind of customer risks and opportunities. And if your window of focus is a quarter, then that will be disruptive to you if your window of focus is the year, its irrelevant, because its a dynamic kind of marketplace. I do think  and I would extend the customer conversation into a regional conversation, something like China. Right, I mean, I think our hypothesis still remains that with any of the regions of the world, including China that the investment will be demand based and rationale. So, I do think where there is still a significant amount of variability in plans is kind of how people choose to go execute and you can change the WFE investment profile quite materially through the choices you make around new capacity additions versus plaintiff to 3D transitions versus 3D transition scaling versus that maybe modifying a DRAM line to flash line or vice-versa. So  yes and even some of these strategies and that will sound maybe quite transactional, but it can have a fairly significant impact. So, we do our best to try and get a dialogue with customers to understand where they are going to head. I would say the simplest headline to your answer is if demand is stronger or weaker, it has  for ICs associated with these AI transitions and value propositions of the data economy, whether you will see it in the calendar year was debatable, but you will see it over a couple of year period in a positive or negative direction. And the rest of it I think is more operational execution as customers try to optimize their fabs, their line layouts and they try to optimize their use of cash.
Craig Ellis: Thats helpful. Thanks, Martin.
Operator: And that concludes todays question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Satya Kumar: Yes, thats all the time we have for the call today. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: That does conclude todays presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - VP, IR Martin Anstice - CEO Doug Bettinger - EVP & CFO
Analysts: C. J. Muse - Evercore Romit Shah - Nomura Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Craig Ellis - B. Riley
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2017 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar: Yes, thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Martin Anstice, Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment; review our financial results for the December 2017 quarter, and our outlook for the March 2018 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slide in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 P.M. Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up, so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Satya, and thank you everyone for joining us today. I will now provide an overview of December quarter results, summarize calendar 2017 relative to the multiyear outperformance opportunity for Lam, and provide a first outlook for 2018. As previously noted, we plan a comprehensive Investor Analyst events in a few weeks and so our prepared comments today are crafted in that context. The December quarter was a strong conclusion to an extraordinary year with record performance for Lam reported in shipments, revenues, and non-GAAP EPS. As noted in our earnings release, that positive momentum is expected to continue into calendar 2018 with our March quarter guidance indicating mid-point shipments at $3.175 billion and revenues at $2.85 billion, both levels of strategic relevance and levels of business not previously seen in our history. While scaling the company at essentially a 50% pace in calendar 2017 was not our expectation one year ago, competitive business model flexibility and a commitment from our employees to the success of our customers was everything about how we responded to the incremental opportunities presented. Without the tremendous effort of the team, and the supports of our customers and partners globally, these accomplishments would not be possible. It is my privilege to acknowledge this great work and express my personal gratitude. At the same time, it's important to reinforce the prominence of our culture and values and specifically our focus on increasing customer trust and codependency through the delivery of enabling technology, productivity, and speed now and in the years ahead. As an established multi-product and services company delivering results on wafer to the semiconductor industry through complex systems engineering innovation, our primary objective is to promote our customer success through an increased proportion of their spending that we actively compete for and through differentiation to win and sustain more of that business over time. In 2017, our reported shipments were approximately 21% of WFE versus 18.5% in the prior year and that compares with 14.2% in the first full-year after the Lam Novellus merger in 2013. Reflecting on 2017, Lam delivered a remarkable sixth consecutive calendar year of growth and industry outperformance, a by-product of high quality strategies and execution jointly with our customers. Over that period, Lam has grown shipments by a cumulative annual growth rate of 24% approximately three times the rate of WFE growth. In 2017, through a commitment to invest more in our future and to sustain the economic success for our customers and suppliers in partnership with Lam, we grew our shipments by approximately 50% well above WFE growth of 30% and reported record non-GAAP earnings per share of over $13 almost double the prior year. With fundamental industry trends that we believe provides a platform for sustainable semiconductor ecosystem investments and growth, we remain focused on making the necessary investments in our company to increase the probability of achieving our long-term vision and we plan for another expansion in the proportion of WFE that we actively compete for and win in 2018, said differently, we plan for continued outperformance. 2017 recorded more than two percentage points of shipments based share gains across the equipment segments that we serve. Our market share performance was broad-based with strengths coming from areas that are most critical to the success of our customers with a focus on technology enablements across the full suites of industry inflections anticipated as relevant for our customers for the next five to 10 years. We had very strong momentum in atomic layer deposition products which has been a focus area for new product introductions for several years. We more than tripled our shipments of ALD products in 2017. We had record shipments in dielectric etch with more than a tripling of the installed base to over 1,000 process modules for our Flex G Series products which address the most challenging aspects of 3D NAND scaling. We had a record year for conductor etch with application wins across foundry and NAND markets. We strengthened our position in tungsten CVD and ALD as well as electrical deposition. We had a strong year for clean products with a 50% growth in our EOS clean product installed base. As you know, broadening our customer base has been a key part of our strategy in the last decade and we are pleased to see it deliver results, with record shipments in logic for the year. Strength here was driven both by ramp of etch application wins at leading edge Logic as well as trailing edge Logic shipments to a broad set of customers for IoT applications. There should be no question about the fundamental relevance of the Lam product portfolio in etch and deposition to the device architecture and manufacturing processes planned by our customers broadly now and in the long-term. We have much more comprehensive engagements across all device segments than ever before creating a platform of learning and optionality that enhances our competitive differentiation and the quality of our earnings. Increased strategic relevance to our customer success creates expectations and also significant opportunity for the company not least relative to the performance of more than 50,000 Lam processed chambers in the global semiconductor installed base today. Our Customer Service Business Group grew profitable revenues in 2017 faster than the pace of our installed base growth. More importantly, they took us to the over the delivery of a portfolio of productivity solutions that we believe created more value for the customer and enhanced competitiveness of Lam than in any prior year. Over the last decade, Lam has transitioned from an edge company highly levered to memory customers to a multi-product and services company with broader customer exposure across all device segments. That transition speaks to the quality of technology leadership. It speaks to cycles of learning and also business momentum. As device performance is increasingly driven by adoption of new structures and new materials, as the traditional scaling solutions are limited by physics or economics in high volume manufacturing, enhancing our edge clean and deposition portfolio with disruptive and value creating technology is a strong focus. Illustratively, shipments for new memory solutions which have extremely demanding requirements more than tripled for Lam in 2017. Our strategy for differentiation extends well beyond technology enablement for unit process and co-optimized or integrated products. Our fundamentally collaborative culture and values create an unmatched potential as a participants in the semiconductor ecosystem we are committed to harness the holistic value of Lam for the benefit of all stakeholders. Now turning to the overall equipment spending trends of 2017 and our expectations for 2018. We believe that WFE investments in 2017 ended at a little over $47 billion which was up approximately 30% from the prior year. Slightly more than half of the investments made in 2017 were for memory and were weighted primarily towards NAND flash. Semiconductors are fundamental to enabling the generation, transmission, storage, and analysis of increasing quantities of data which has the potential to transform every segments of the global economy. We remain optimistic about the potential for continued global economic stability and growth. We anticipate healthy demand for semiconductors across the full spectrum of consumer and enterprise markets. We expect year-over-year growth in overall WFE in 2018 in the low-double-digit percentages led by DRAM and logic investments and supported by the fundamental demand drivers for silicon and the confidence we have in the continued motivation for investment discipline by all key market participants. We still anticipate that approximately 85% of the year-over-year spending growth is memory based. Preliminarily, we plan for double-digit growth in overall memory WFE in 2018 with a greater balance between DRAM and NAND spending that was true in calendar 2017. Sustained to slightly increased investments in NAND overall is the year-over-year headline for 2018. More of the incremental growth is from DRAM where supply and demand balance tightened last year. Importantly, in DRAM, technology trends are resulting in meaningfully higher levels of investments required to drive similar levels of bit supply growth compared to historical levels. We do expect a modest market demand led expansion of the wafer starts per month installed base in DRAM particularly supporting data center, content expansion, and we are aligned to the consensus view on bit growth in both markets. On the demand side, NAND continues to be increasingly qualified into the data center and density not units increases; continue to be the important driver for clients mobile and PC devices. We continue to see Lam's addressable markets, net of customer yields and productivity in NANDs growing faster than NANDs WFE as customers' transition from 64 layers to 96 layer investments starting late in 2018 and into 2019. We expect growth in non-memory CapEx led primarily by Logic investments in both leading edge 10-nanometer as well as trailing edge 28-nanometer and above investments offset by flat to slightly lower investments in leading edge foundry from reuse among other strategies. As I headlined, 2018 looks to be a very solid year of demand led equipment investments by our customers within the exciting context of increased prominence of silicon as a foundation of global innovation and presence enhanced opportunity for Lam. Now I would like to touch briefly on the topic of capital allocation in light of the passage of recent U.S. tax reform legislation. Doug, will address more details later, but at a high level, the guiding principles for capital allocation at Lam remain unchanged. First and foremost, invest in the long-term profitable growth of Lam, deliver increased optionality to create value from the strengths of Lam with accretive investments in our core and non-core markets, then return excess cash to our shareholders through strategies that include sustaining and growing dividends over time and excess capital redistribution to shareholders as appropriate. We are obviously inspired by our opportunity and proud of our operational execution to-date. On this last subject of tax, it is worth emphasizing that we implemented a comprehensive global strategy in 2003, as such, we have compelling value created from this recent legislative action. Illustratively, strategic optionality is accelerated with cash available to U.S. operations increasing from $1 billion to $5 billion. In the hypothetical events of 100% U.S. repatriation, we saved $1 billion of cash from the tax rates previously applicable. 85% of our gross cash balances are now available for repatriation and that represents $25 per share or 12% of the Lam share price currently. How much and when we repatriate and plans for capital allocation are framed by a broad set of strategic choices, which we will discuss in our upcoming Investor and Analyst Meeting. Unrelated, you will have seen another announcement today about Lam leadership, specifically the promotion of Tim Archer, our Chief Operating Officer to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer. This promotion is recognition of Tim's contributions so far on the journey of Lam and it is a commentary on the partnership that we continue to share. Except for some tweaks in emphasis, our fundamental responsibilities will remain unchanged, our commitment and passion for seeing Lam realize its full potential only strengthens. The full complement of global leaders at Lam have made possible our vision. Tim and I both look forward to the challenges and opportunities in the years ahead. In conclusion, we're optimistic about our opportunity, our strategies, and the potential for continued outperformance for Lam. We look forward to sharing more aspects of our vision with you in March. With that, let me turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay, great. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We ended calendar year 2017 with strong performance exceeding the midpoint of our guidance for the December quarter on all of our financial metrics. In addition to the milestones that Martin mentioned during his scripted remarks, during calendar year 2017, we generated over $2 billion in cash from operations, that was an increase of 37% compared to calendar year 2016, and we returned $2.193 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases as well as dividends. We're very pleased with what we've achieved this quarter as well as this calendar year. Shipments continued at a healthy level in the December quarter totaling $2,000,632 which was a little above the midpoint of our guidance. Memory shipments increased in the quarter with the combined memory segment representing 77% of total system shipments and that compares with 66% in the previous quarter. Customers continue to ramp NAND and other non-volatile memory technologies which made up 53% of the system shipments. This was up from the 49% level that we saw in the September quarter. The NAND investments were directed towards meeting increased bit demand through a combination of capacity additions, 2D to 3D conversions, as well as 3D installed base layer count growth. DRAM shipments made up 24% of the system shipments and this was up from 17% in prior quarter. This was the highest dollar value of DRAM system shipments since the March 2015 quarter. Strong DRAM pricing supports these investments which continue to be largely directed towards 1X Nanometer convergence. December quarter foundry shipments were 15% of system shipments, down from 21% in the prior quarter. Foundry spending was primarily directed towards 7-nanometer pilot capability as well as 10-nanometer volume production projects. And finally, the logic and other segment accounted for 8% of system shipments that was down compared with 13% in the last quarter. Revenues for the quarter came in at $2.581 billion above the midpoint of guidance and up 4% from the previous record high level that we saw in the September quarter. Gross margin came in at 47.6%. As I always mentioned you should expect to see some quarter-to-quarter variability in gross margins due to multiple factors such as product mix, customer concentration, and overall business volumes. Operating expenses in December quarter increased to $449 million coming in at 17.4% of revenue that compares with 17.7% in September. Approximately 63% of the OpEx spend in the quarter was allocated to R&D which was around the same ratio as we've held for the calendar year. While we continue to see opportunities to further leverage OpEx, we will continue to increase our funding of strategic R&D programs to maintain our technology as well as productivity leadership. These investments are critical to meeting our commitments to customers and to our objective of growing the company at a faster pace than the industry. The growth and the size of our served available markets and the market share gains that Martin mentioned are the result of investments we've made and work that we've done over the course of the last several years. Operating income in the December quarter was $779 million, which was up from $733 million in the prior quarter. Operating margin came in at 30.2%, up compared to 29.6% in the September quarter and again a little above the midpoint of the guided range. Our tax rate for the quarter was approximately negative 1% down compared to 14% last quarter. The primary reason for the reduction in the non-GAAP tax rate is a reduced statutory U.S. rate combined with a delayed implementation of U.S. tax and foreign earnings. This is attributed to the application of the recently enacted tax changes for a non-calendar year filing. The new tax law applies to tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, which for Lam will be in the second half of 2018 onwards. Excluded from the non-GAAP tax rate is a one-time charge of $757 million. This is primarily made up of tax on accumulated foreign earnings to be repatriated. The cash tax payments will be made over the next eight years. The tax rate in the mid-single-digits for the first half of 2018 and mid-teens in the second half of 2018 would be reasonable for you to include in your models. Based on a share count of about 182 million shares, earnings per share for the December quarter totaled $4.34 above the high-end of our guided range. The biggest contributor to the earnings per share being above the range was the favorable impact on the tax rate. Without the impact of the tax rate change, we would have been approximately $0.10 above the midpoint of guidance. The share count includes approximately 18 million shares of dilutive impact on a non-GAAP basis from the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes. And I just mentioned with the increase in our stock price, we've continued to receive requests for early conversions of both the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes. Conversions that settled in December quarter totaled $44 million of which $32 million related to the 2018 convert and $12 million to the 2041 bond. To-date, we've also received requests for conversions totaling $175 million that will settle in the March quarter. And I will remind you dilution schedules for the updated notional amounts in the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website to help you with your modeling. We continue to execute on our capital return program. As you may recall, we announced in November, a new $2 billion buyback authorization. In the December quarter, we spent approximately $1.1 billion on share repurchases largely through an accelerated share repurchase program. And we paid out $73 million in dividends to our shareholders. Consistent with our prior comments we're committed to growing the dividend over time and in November we also announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.50 per share which was payable earlier this month. Now we move to the balance sheet. During December quarter we initiated a $1.25 billion commercial paper program and as of the end of the December quarter we had $800 million outstanding. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments including restricted cash of about $6 billion. Approximately $5 billion of the $6 billion was domiciled outside of the United States. This is the amount that comes more flexibly available with tax reform. Cash from operations was $29 million, down from $858 million in the September quarter. The low cash generation during the quarter was a result of the timing of certain receivables as well as a growth in inventory to support the strong shipments we see in the March quarter. And I would just mention we collected approximately $700 million at the end of December which was after our fiscal quarter had closed. Day sales outstanding increased to 80 days versus 56 last quarter. Inventory turns came in at 3.6 compared to 4 in the prior quarter and I just mentioned I expect the March quarter will be a very strong cash generating quarter. Deferred revenue at the end of a quarter were $1.114 billion which was up from $938 million last quarter. This number excludes $289 million in shipments to customers in Japan which will revenue in future quarters. And I just remind you that these Japan shipments remain as inventory carrying cost on the balance sheet. I should mention that we will be adopting the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606 starting in the second half of calendar year 2018 to coincide with the start of our fiscal year 2019. I have more to tell you about this as we get closer to the second half of the year. Company non-cash expenses during the quarter include the following: $42 million for equity compensation, $41 million for amortization, and $39 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $85 million which was up from $60 million in the September quarter. This growth was driven by factory and lab expansions as well as lab tool investments. CapEx for the year came in at $224 million. We do expect to see a further increase in CapEx in calendar year 2018, as we continue to expand our manufacturing network and support growth in strategic R&D programs. We ended the quarter with approximately 10,200 regular full time employees. Majority the headcount was added in the factory and field to support the growth of our business. As Martin mentioned in his remarks, company is enjoying significant business momentum heading into the March quarter. Our non-GAAP guidance for the quarter is as follows: we're expecting shipments of $3.175 billion plus or minus $125 million. We're forecasting revenue of $2.850 billion again plus or minus $125 million. We're forecasting gross margin of 46% plus or minus one percentage point. I do expect to see a stronger gross margin percentage in the June quarter as compared to March. We're forecasting operating margins of 29% plus or minus one percentage point and finally, we forecast earnings per share of $4.35 plus or minus $0.15 based on a share count of approximately 181 million shares. Before moving to Q&A, I'd like to provide an update on our plans for Analyst Day. We will be hosting this event on Tuesday, March 6, in New York City. We will be providing additional details regarding the event logistics in the next week or so. And for 2018, we continue to be pleased with the positive momentum in our business and the progress we're making towards our ongoing business objectives. We remain optimistic in the strong demand for our products and services and we look forward to sharing a comprehensive update on the company's plans at our Analyst Day in March. Operator that concludes my prepared remarks. Please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from C. J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C. J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, I was hoping you could provide some help around that the cost down efforts in the NAND market. And so as you think about moving from single-stack to multi-stack QLC perhaps some other techniques that you're helping your customers met with. We would love to hear how you think about the bit guys and their ability to drive down their costs such that the hard disk drive market becomes achievable to penetrate? That would be very helpful.
Martin Anstice: My, that's a comprehensive question, C.J. So maybe I should start with our assumption that we communicated in the Analyst Meeting a year ago. We actually when we articulated our perspective on the opportunity for Lam and we gave this reference to $70 billion of investments. Our assumption was actually that SSD would not be disruptive to hard disk drives. Our assumption was that the demand for storage and memory in the world would essentially be serviced by this new mode of nonvolatile memory, all these new product with nonvolatile memory. And then hard disk drives would just kind of be kind of caped out that was the modeling assumption that we presented to you. So to the extent the scenario plays out in the way you articulate it, you should presume that's kind of upside to the commentary of the company because of what I just said. Obviously NAND is probably the poster child for a market with elasticity of demand. And the industry has universally adopted a new technology and it is scaling that new technology in terms of playing the 3D transitions and layer counts. And when our customers make investments they make it because they have performance enhancements on device and they have cost roadmaps that creates opportunities for incremental demand to get kind of created. So there's an awful lot I could say about the subject, the headlines that I hope everybody retains here is we think the world of silicon and we think the world of nonvolatile memory specifically has tremendous opportunity in the years ahead as a byproduct of this innovation that's emerged around the value of data in the world. And the good use of Lam from a lot of hard work and a lot of partnerships with our customers we position the portfolio of products and a product pipeline that's focused on enabling that roadmap.
C. J. Muse: That's helpful. Appreciate, it. And I guess as a follow-up as you think about your 1.7 times outperformance in 2017 and it looks like mix is going to be there for you again in 2018 would love to hear your thoughts in terms of how whether you can rank order or not, how you think about perhaps gains in share and logic service growth and other areas where you're seeing increased patterning that will drive faster than expected industry growth for you guys we'd love to hear thoughts on that? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thank you. Appreciate the question C.J. and maybe I can just restate something I said in my prepared remarks because it's a very important disclosure from the company relative to our focus, our definition of success, and our priority. And I share that because I have some anxiety that the investment community gets trapped in fairly incomplete disclosure from the totality of the industry on market share hence our focus. So our focus is the following. Our primary objective is to promote our customer success through an increased proportion of their spending that we actively compete for and through differentiation to win and sustain more of that business over time. That means that our focus at a product line level and a business unit level and a segment level has to be on the share that we have but what really counts is where that share is and our focus is on the most critical applications, that most value to applications for our customers, and the sustainability of that share through the economics that were associated with it. And the most basic measure of performance for any company in any market is the one that I characterized and we will continue to answer these questions on market share by a focus around that kind of basis. And our headline for last year was 21% of WFE against 18.5% in prior year against 14.2% in the year, the first year after bringing Lam and Novellus together. So momentum is really good. The technology inflections still have tremendous opportunity for us, more or less the headlines that we communicated in NAND flash at the Analyst Meeting are only I would say a little better one-year on and we'll spend more time talking about that in a few weeks. And in the world of patterning, I think the headlines that we communicated in our Analyst Meeting a year ago are as valid today as they were then. And that includes the various scenarios of adoption of EUV and that includes the various technology advancements that have played out since that time in multi-patterning process flow.
Satya Kumar: Thanks C.J.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Romit Shah with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Romit Shah: Yes, thank you and congratulations. The March shipment numbers obviously a very big number and I feel like there could be some skepticism around that shipment number and how strong it is and whether or not that's really sustainable and so I was hoping you could comment on just if we look throughout the year and just triangulate between the outperformance you delivered in 2017 and your outlook for low-double-digit WFE growth this year it would seem like the March shipment guidance is a number that you could sustain throughout the year, I wanted to get your feedback on that?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean we're obviously we're not in the game of guiding every quarter of the year or even the year with any specificity but to the spirit of your question, I hope there isn't skepticism around the quarter itself because I hope at this point we've got a track record of actually delivering on the kind of quarters commitments relative to sustainability. Obviously this is all about fundamental demand and if you sign up for if you sign up for the conventions that I described in my prepared comments, the convention that silicon has established itself quite differently in terms of potential and work data, then you would sign up for sustainability of investment. Now you might get ebbs and flows one quarter after another or one month but the fundamental headline that we believe in and we're investing to create value in is a scenario of sustained and disciplined investment by our customers at a more discrete level just to put some more substance on it for you, our expectation is that relative calendar 2018 we see it is not perfectly but a reasonably balanced year for the industry and for the company both. And I would say that we see memory could be slightly first half biased and foundry could be slightly second half biased, with Logic as fairly neutral in the year. And as was proven last year, everything I just said to be entirely wrong and probably is precisely wrong but it's the best we have for you today in terms of trying to give you some color around quarter-to-quarter or half-to-half.
Romit Shah: I appreciate it. I'm curious just as my follow-up how China plays into your forecast for this year because there's obviously a lot going on between domestic and global and memory and foundry is how does China play into your outlook?
Martin Anstice: Yes. So the China -- obviously for the domestic community and the global players that are investing there is a big deal and the headlines in terms of new fab projects are exactly the same today as they were three months ago when I detailed them the only incremental disclosure today obviously is there are more projects that we're tracking. But when we look at WFE investments in calendar 2018, we think that the domestic community combines all segments, so the domestic community in China DRAM, flash, and logic foundry, probably invest slightly less than $5 billion which is a little less than 10% of global WFE and the way we've described it to you and that's up between $1 billion and $2 billion maybe $1.5 billion compared to that kind of the 2017. So it's an increasingly important component of spending, it's a big focus for us in terms of building infrastructure, supporting our customer success, and their visions and putting in place qualified people to support them. One last piece of data relative to our shipments when we look at the Lam shipments in China two-thirds of the shipment dollars will be probably for the global players investing their one-third for the domestic community.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Well thanks for taking my question. I want to go back to some of the structural changes especially with 3D NAND. I want to get your view how we should think about migration from 64 to 96 and in that context with the new fab and a change in layout have any impact in architecture especially as the 3D NAND could lead to higher manufacturing cycle time. So perhaps a new clean room could help with that versus converting existing planar NAND. Is there anything or any changes between these two sort of variables that we should add to our thesis?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean I don't know I would characterize the kind of line layout complexities from 64 to 96 much differently I would from the other versions that have preceded this and I don't think I would characterize it as more challenging or complex than a planar to 3D conversion. But I think your question is a very important one and you know there are I would say fairly dynamic customer plans around how best they service the opportunities in the marketplace that they see and we would expect to continue to see this portfolio of investments from clean Greenfields to the planar to 3D scaling and 3D scaling vertically itself. We are as we've said number of times we're agnostic actually in terms of the opportunity between the planar 3D conversion and the new fab addition from a business perspective and I would expect based on what I know today that somewhere in the range of two-thirds of the investment by the industry is conversion related and maybe a third is additions. But that's a proxy that will change for sure as discrete opportunities for sure for customers and as they optimize their plans.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. And then and just quickly as a follow-up as we think about the longer-term, how should we think about the service component especially with some of the new areas like ALD would that carry different service attach rate versus the rest and I know Analyst Day is coming up but is there anything you can share with us?
Martin Anstice: Yes, probably it's a way to the Analyst Meeting and there are some very important headlines I think for the company around the pace of growth in excess of the installed base and the product portfolio and the segments that we're growing are part of that story, the emphasis that we're investing in around advanced services is part of that story and I think there's something quite unique about where we are in the ecosystem that presents opportunity as well. So it's definitely an increasingly valuable annuity to the company and it's an increasingly important part of creating and delivering value to our customers.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could characterize the service and supplies business and it seems like that's been consistently holding the same proportion of your overall revenue. Is how is that business kind of growing as fast as the systems business and how sustainable do you think that growth is?
Martin Anstice: It's actually been growing faster than the installed base which is a kind of a statement of the breadth of the product and services portfolio that we're making available to our customers and we're investing and creating and dialogues around our social intelligence and machine learning are as relevant inside of our company and is relevant in terms of developing products and services for our customers, as it is for our customers and ensuring their customers and the consumers. So don't disconnect the AI and the big data analytics headlines from the realities of our company as well. So it's a broadening portfolio, it's growing fast in installed base and in a periods where we've had extraordinary growth in our systems business, it's a testament to the strengths of our Customer Service Business Group that we have we're able to say what we're saying and preserve in essence the same percentage of revenues coming from that business. Now what that means in terms of modeling purposes, if you happen to choose best, you're going to model less growth in calendar 2018 than was true in 2017 which is essentially what we've guided. Then the value of that installed base business kind of goes up over time. So I think its a great commentary on value, sustainability, and quality of earnings.
Doug Bettinger: And Joe I always tell you it's my favorite part about the company's business model is just it's an annuity that just keeps going, keeps growing, keeps generating enormous amounts of cash it's a great part of what we do.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great, thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the results. And Martin, I had a question on UV. I guess as we approach the timing of insertion particularly in the foundry space and you learn more about the recipe that your customer might follow. Has your view on your opportunity set, as it relates to patterning changed over the past six or 12 months or has it remained kind of the same?
Martin Anstice: It's remained the same.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, fair enough. And the second one on the tax rate, Doug, I think you guided fiscal year second half the tax rate to kind of the mid-teens. Should we consider that rate as the new normal for the company or should we expect some variability going forward post tax put planning or whatever maybe.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Toshi, if I was modeling out beyond the second half of 2018 I'd probably keep it pretty steady with what I gave you which is mid-teens for the second half. But it always changes a little bit depending on where the geographic distribution of our business ebbs and flows, so it's not going to be precisely that, but that would be the best planning horizon or the planning number that I'll give you. And just to remind make sure everybody heard first half of calendar 2018 mid-single-digits, second half, mid-teens.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Martin Anstice: Farhan, I think you are on mute.
Farhan Ahmad: Hello, can you hear me?
Martin Anstice: Yes, we can hear you now. Go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad: So my first question is on memory and NAND DRAM. What level of bit growth do you expect from the CapEx outlook that you have for the year?
Martin Anstice: I think we kind of signed up for the consensus on bit growth. So the low 20s for DRAM and mid to high 40s for NAND for calendar 2018 and obviously the server phone content in DRAM is a decent kind of content headline and the same is true for the Smartphone bit growth for NAND. And I think one of the illustrative headlines that we should all be conscious of is the average Smartphone today is got maybe 4 gigs of NAND content and the best phones have 256 -- 40 I'm sorry I should have said 40 gigs of content and the best one is 256. So when you think about applications innovation and you think about the content headlines not the unit headlines that's one of the most fundamental drivers for the business prospectively. 
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then one question on the services you have very strong growth in your systems business this year. Does that mean that we should see much stronger growth in your services business over next year, one year as these systems come off warranty?
Martin Anstice: Well, I'll say the objective of the company, as we said many, many times is to grow the service business the spares and service and upgrades business faster than we do the installed base. And you're right to say there are warranties and so when warranty periods end and you roll into that space and we try to position for very, very strong market share and sustainability. So I would tend to lean towards a very positive answer to your question.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and congratulations on the well executed quarter and the outstanding performance in 2017. You guys have given great leverage on the OpEx with the scale and the revenue growth. If we assume that WFE is sustainable above 40, 45 billion plus kind of going forward, seems like 28% to 30% up margin plus or minus seems sustainable. So more and more investors are focused on free cash flow and free cash flow margin so how should we think about the sustainable free cash flow margin at say the 28% to 30% operating margin level?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, we're front-running an update to the model which we will give you in early March. But generally speaking we would expect operating cash flow to be close to operating income. Now if you look at what happened in the last year the business grew so rapidly that we actually did less well than that because the consumption of working capital as the business scaled up we needed to build more inventory, receivables grew along with the level of revenue so we didn't do quite as well as that. But on a ongoing basis assuming kind of a steady state of business shipments and revenue that's about where we should be. Our CapEx is nominally 3% to 4% of revenues so that's your free cash flow answer there.
Harlan Sur: Got it. Thanks for the insights there. And shipments are up 40% in December versus the year ago quarter versus two years ago there will be up strongly again in March. Obviously my congrats to the operations, logistics, and manufacturing teams but just given the significant strength in the [indiscernible] are customer lead times increasing and anyway to quantify the increase?
Martin Anstice: Yes, way to qualify everything but we don't disclose lead times for obvious competitive reasons in respect for the roadmaps of our customers. But what I will tell you is obviously it takes a lot of work to do what we're doing it's much more difficult. And I think for an industry. I think we've for those of us that have participated in the scale of growth that we have, we've all been very challenged by that scale of growth. But I would say that from a benchmarking perspective as best I can tell which is why I spoke to kind of flexible business model and commitment from employees in my prepared comments, we've executed as well if not better than most or maybe all. So it's a big focus, it's get more difficult and certainly 50% growth here is a quite extraordinary challenges for operations and also field resources.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I'm always amazed Harlan when I sit for the quarterly business reviews with the supply chain, the global operations team, as well as the field, just how well they're executing. It's been actually quite amazing when you see how it's all happened.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Well thanks for taking my question. My question is the first question is on DRAM. There has been a lot of chatters that the strong DRAM that the market expects and what you alluded to for next year could be because of capital intensity of DRAM going up but it could also be yields on suboptimal what is your view on that?
Martin Anstice: Well my basic view is I don't think customers spend money if a yield is suboptimal. I think that's a very important kind of test for them making their investments and I guess that's all relative. I mean we have characterized obviously today that the relative investments the industry has to make are a little higher for a bit outs in the context of the technology conversions that are playing out today in this year compared to last year and the year before. But I would also make the point that it's still an investment that is dominated by conversion. And it is still an investment that is made with extraordinary discipline by our customers managing supply and demand balance. And I would also say that the capital intensity data point is actually a lot less than the points in history that have triggered kind of corrections so I think if you look at kind of memory today, the capital intensity for the last four years including the outlook for calendar 2018 is not even two-thirds of the level seen in 2007, so it's a dramatically different profile of risk.
Sidney Ho: Okay, that's helpful. My follow-up question is if you look at your forecast for WFE, what are some of the biggest swing factors in your forecast that can move above or below your forecast of low-teens; just want to see if I can get something out you to be more precisely wrong?
Martin Anstice: No, Sidney, I appreciate that and good luck with that. Well I mean macro positive negative is always there and always will be -- this is a pretty extraordinary time for the industry I think holistically because there's an irony here of consolidated participants and a diversified kind of statement of demand. So I guess may be more difficult not more easy to forecast the future at a device to my level. You have an industry that is I think singularly invested and try to take advantage of this opportunity and contribute to broader tech economy and broader innovation. And so, it's all about creating incremental demand and the memory, storage, datacenter, AI, Big Data Analytics advanced process, I mean it's all relevant. Right, I mean we live in a world where devices and silicon that support connectivity are critical to the roadmap. Devices that create the capacity to store efficiently and cost effectively all that collected data are critical. And the high performance computing that is relevant to take all of that data and do something with it that creates value either in an enterprise or in a consumer context has to kind of show up. So I think it's a very integrated system which is perhaps why I answer the question may be less precisely than you would like me to because I think we live in a world where this is much less about discrete segments of a semiconductor industry as we traditionally described it and much more about the integration of technologies from a chip integration point of view, from an embedded memory and logic solutions perspective, we live in the world of systems, designed systems architecture and it all has to be there and all is part of answering this question around incremental opportunity or incremental risk.
Operator: We will take our next question from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Yes thanks for taking that question. Martin, I appreciate the comments on the positioning for 2018's memory spending and DRAM starting to catch-up and balance with NAND. Could you extend your view a little bit further and comment on maybe the multi-year trend for DRAM, I know the company's typically been comfortable talking about longer-term such as your five-year NAND spending piece. So could you give us a longer term look with what you see at DRAM?
Martin Anstice: I thought you started with NAND and you ended with DRAM.
Doug Bettinger: He kind of boomeranged.
Martin Anstice: Which one do you want to talk about?
Craig Ellis: DRAM. NAND was simply used as an example of --
Martin Anstice: Okay, okay.
Craig Ellis: Kind of in the past for the longer-term deals.
Martin Anstice: The first thing I'd say it's a content story not a unit story. I don't think we're going to stand up and say hey we got this great view that all of a sudden PC units and software units take off again because I don't think that's the headline. It's all about content and there are two drivers of bit growth in DRAM one of them is the server which is the most comprehensive demand driver and the second is expansion of phone contents. And we are, I would say, I'd probably be stronger than conservatively optimistic I'd say we're optimistic about those long-term trends and we think they're fundamental to answering the questions about investments in silicon capacity and the investment we make in a business.
Craig Ellis: That's helpful and then the follow-up I'll shoot it over to Doug. Doug as you look at the company and the flexibility that you have now with cash, can you talk about what that means for debt levels and capital structure and if we should expect that that would stay at current levels or if there's potential for whatever reason for debt to rise from here as a percent of your capital structure. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Craig. I'm going to decline to answer that one but I will promise you that when we get to the March Analyst Day we will have lots more to tell you as you might appreciate all the tax changes are kind of late breaking we're talking internally about it debating some things. We'll have more to tell you know in our remarks from and I'm going to punt on this one for now.
Craig Ellis: Can I take a swing at another one then?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Okay, I'll pop it back to Martin. Martin, this is more of a -- maybe I'll have better success more of a qualitative question. I'm interested in knowing the degree to which your discussions with customers have changed over the last few years as capital intensity is stepped up dramatically and as there's more signs that industry is on a steadier growth profile rather than boom/bust what's changed with the duration of the discussion the way that you may be collaborating across different types of technologies etcetera.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean actually maybe that last kind of sub question is actually a great response. I mean I think the scale and scope of technical challenges and business challenges for everybody in this ecosystem is much more difficult today than was true five years ago. And the companies that I think excel and sustain in the long-term have attributes of partnership and collaboration and codependency that are quite fundamental and that's why almost every single quarter I see something like culture and values because that's a fundamental elements of competitive differentiation. If you are not trusted if you are not legitimately collaborative, if you are not sincerely invested in the success of your customers then your opportunity to sustain your business is limited.
Operator: And it does conclude out question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Satya for any additional or closing remarks.
Satya Kumar: Yes, thank you once again for joining us. And we look forward to seeing you at our March Analyst Day in New York. We'll be sending you more details shortly on that. Thank you.
Operator: And once again that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you all for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar  Vice President-Investor Relations Martin Anstice  President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Bettinger  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Farhan Ahmad  Credit Suisse C. J. Muse  Evercore ISI Krish Sankar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley Harlan Sur  JPMorgan Toshiya Hari  Goldman Sachs Brian Chin  Stifel Sidney Ho  Deutsche Bank Weston Twigg  KeyBanc Capital Markets. Edwin Mok  Needham & Company Craig Ellis  B. Riley Tom Diffely  D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Researchs October 2017 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar: Yes, thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the September 2017 quarter, and our outlook for the December 2017 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slide in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 P.M. Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm and a brief follow-up, so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Satya. And thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. Lam delivered another outstanding quarter, with September shipments, revenue and gross margins above the midpoint of our guidance range; and operating margins and EPS above the high end of our guidance range. I'd like to thank our employees, our suppliers and our customers for their active support and confidence in Lam. With enhanced opportunity, we have enhanced responsibility to contribute to the success of our customers. And in that context we are inspired to achieve our full potential. Calendar 2017 appears destined to be another terrific year of out performance for Lam, a year that materially exceeded the expectations we had communicated at the beginning of the year for levels of demand-driven customer CapEx and our business as a direct result. The midpoint of our December quarter shipment guidance today reflects growth of approximately 50% year-over-year, nearly double the consensus growth expectations for WFE in 2017 and putting us on track to gain over 2.5 percentage points of ship share of WFE in the calendar year.  Based on our internal analytics, we continue to expect a strong industry spending environment once again in 2018 and essentially align to stated industry consensus at this time. We believe there are enduring drivers behind the sustainability of industry spending levels and our outperformance. Central to the argument on spending sustainability is the growing importance of data and the fundamental role that the road map of silicon is playing. We are entering a new innovation era. Central to the position of Lam outperformance is the increasing scope of industry relevance and competitiveness in the Lam product portfolio today.  The generation, transmission, storage and analysis of increasing quantities of data to create artificial intelligence has the potential to transform every segment of the economy, and we believe Lam Research is positioned comprehensively to capitalize on that strength. The last decade saw the transition from a PC-centric to a mobile-centric world. We expect the next decade is defined by a transition to an AI-centric world. Mobile devices have enabled an incredible platform of almost four billion global smartphone users, which allows for the rapid delivery and scaling of new AI-enabled services on a growing array of IoT devices and systems.  Together, these trends are resulting in semiconductor industry revenue growth rates accelerating from an average of just over 2% in the last six years to over 15% in 2017. Even more important than revenue and profit growth, a dramatic diversification in end use demand bodes well for our future. The critical role of data in this market transition is particularly positive for memory and storage semiconductor demand in the cloud and also IoT. This is strength and opportunity both for Lam. Cloud computing is a foundation for extremely data-intensive applications, which is driving strong demand for bit growth in server DRAM and NAND of over 30% and 50%, respectively. For IoT devices, we are in early stages of adoption of exciting new technologies like 3D cameras, AR and VR, and broad automation trends. This is driving over a 40% demand bit growth in these NAND markets. Combined, these demand trends and disciplined investment by our customers are driving record revenues in the memory semiconductor segments, which is on track to grow approximately 60% to about $130 billion in 2017 at strong levels of profitability.  We see our customers increase their spending at sustainable and rational levels to respond to these long-term trends, with memory capital intensity slightly lower in 2017 when compared to the last two years. As we have stated previously, the products and services portfolio of Lam Research is unmatched, we believe, in its broad fit to the primary technology inflections of the industry. Our focus is to further increase this position of leadership and strategic relevance through a commitment to disruptive and customer-enabling technologies. During our presentation at the recent Flash Memory Summit, we offered perspective that lithographic strengths alone are no longer able to provide the device performance and cost improvements that are required to drive with these megatrends in end demand. Logic devices require new solutions to deal with dark silicon and Dennard scaling limitations. DRAM devices require new solutions to deal with signal-to-noise scaling issues, and NAND devices require new solutions to deal with cell-to-cell interference and reliability. Technology inflections such as vertical scaling, multi-patterning, advanced transistor and interconnect technologies, and advanced packaging are all critical in addressing these challenges to deliver necessary device performance improvements. These inflections are fundamentally enabled by etch, deposition and clean technologies, resulting in our served markets growing significantly faster than WFE again this year. We believe this trend is sustainable. Anticipating these and future inflections, we grew our R&D investments by nearly 60% in the last four years, reporting during the same period 140% growth in revenues. We continue to release significant capability enhancements across our portfolio, and we have the strongest commitment in our history to new concepts, technologies, products and services from R&D. These investments continue to pay off, with significantly more wins and successful defenses than not this year. Calendar 2017 is a stronger market share performance year for Lam than calendar 2016. Although with SAM expansion, this held less than half of our outperformance story. In addition to maintaining our leadership position of vertical scaling in 3D NAND, we had several new wins during the quarter across a spectrum of DRAM, NAND and Logic devices, and across the process flow in front-end transistors, middle of line as well as advanced interconnect. In dielectric etch, we extended our momentum in critical transistor contract applications by delivering differentiated atomic layer etching solutions that resulted in a new PTOR position at a second-leading foundry. We continue to maintain strong conductor etch positions, with increasing adoption of advanced technology and productivity options on our Kiyo conductor etch products at leading edge foundry and memory makers. In deposition, we won PTOR position for advanced cobalt interconnect at a major foundry. We had multiple wins for new applications in atomic layer deposition for both dielectric and metal film applications for non-volatile memory devices. To further expand our value proposition, we recently acquired Coventor, a market leader in 3D modeling and simulation in our industry. The addition of Coventor supports Lam's vision that advanced process and equipment control capabilities further enhance our competitiveness, our time to market and enable us to deliver significant incremental value to our customers. Already the potential value proposition of harnessing Coventors modeling expertise with Lams process and physical characterization capabilities to deliver more simulation and virtual fabrication for the development of next-generation devices has been reinforced by the excitement and substance of discussions within our engineering and collaboration partner communities. The growing strength of our systems business is further enhanced by our strong Customer Support Business Group, which continues to deliver advanced productivity and technology improvements to the installed base and actively promote new product offerings in support of MEMS automotive power management and IoT device innovation. This business, which represents approximately one quarter of our company revenues currently is on track to deliver another record year of growth at a rate significantly faster than the rate of installed base growth this year, a byproduct of an enhanced portfolio and the strategic fit of the business with our customers needs. Combined, these strategies have extended our differentiation and deliver consistent outperformance for Lam. We are on track to grow significantly faster than WFE and our served markets this year. Over the last four years we have grown our shipments by 25% CAGR to approximately $10 billion this year at approximately twice the growth rates of both WFE and our largest and peers and competitive combined in the equipment industry. As we look ahead to 2018 we expect to build on this momentum with over 90% of customer decisions on PTOR selection decisions already made and on the back of what already looks to be another strong year for industry CapEx spending. In conclusion, we are encouraged by the scale and sustainability of Lam opportunity and we continue to invest in extending our differentiation and strategic relevance to our customers. We believe these dynamics position us well to continue to outperform. With that let me turn the call that over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay great. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We posted another solid quarter delivering results above the midpoint of guidance for all financial metrics and extending our positive momentum heading into the end of the calendar year. Revenue, operating income, cash from operations and earnings per share were again at record levels in the September quarter and overall the company continues to perform well against our financial and operational objectives. Shipments for the quarter came in at $2.382 million down 6% from the record high level we delivered last quarter and just above the midpoint of our guided range. The combined memory segment made up 66% of system shipments which was down from 73% in the prior quarter. Non-volatile memory shipments represented 49% of the system shipments, which was down from 59% in the June quarter. DRAM shipments ticked up in the quarter, coming in at 17%, compared to 14% last quarter. Our customers continued to invest in technology migrations at a rational and sustainable level to support demand growth in the mobile and server markets. DRAM pricing continues to be strong, supporting the increased investments. System shipments into the foundry segment made up 21% of this total, down slightly from 22% in the June quarter. Foundry spend was biased towards investments to execute the 10-nanometer ramp, as well as 7-nanometer pilot projects. Logic and other shipments increased nicely in the September quarter accounting for 13% of system shipments, compared to 5% in the previous quarter. This record level of logic and other shipments is the highest percentage for us since the June 2015 quarter and is the highest in absolute dollars in the history of Lam. This increase in shipments was driven by the ramp of our application design wins at 10-nanometer, as well as broadly higher demand for applications in image sensors, as well as power management devices. September quarter revenue came in at $2.478 billion which is up 6% from the June quarter. Gross margin for the period came in at 47.2%, which was an improvement of 70 basis points and again above the midpoint of our guidance. Our gross margin performance as always is determined by several factors, such as overall business volumes, product mix and customer concentration and you should expect to see variability quarter-to-quarter Operating expenses were essentially flat at $438 million, compared to $440 million in the June quarter. Expenses came in a bit lower than the implied guidance as we adjusted our outlook for variable compensation for the year. We continue to focus our spending toward innovative R&D programs that are enabling our customers roadmaps. Operating expenses declined as a percentage of revenue to 17.7% which was down from 18.8% in the prior quarter. Operating income in the September quarter was $733 million, up 13% from $650 million last quarter. Operating margin increased to 29.6%, which was up from 27.7% in the June quarter and again above the guidance range. Operating profitability was very strong in the quarter driven by higher revenue, as well as the improvement in gross margin. The tax rate for the quarter was 14%, compared to 13% last quarter. For the December quarter I'd be modeling a rate in the low to middle teens. Based on a non-GAAP share count of approximately 181 million shares, earnings per share for the September quarter came in at $3.46, which was above the guided range. The share count includes dilution from both the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes. The net dilute of impact from the notes is approximately 17 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. As we noted during last quarter's earnings call, with the increase in our stock price we've received requests for early conversions of our 2018 and 2041 convertible notes. Conversions that settled in the September quarter totaled $302 million of which $209 million related to the 2018convertible bond and $93 million to the 2041 bond. Dilution schedules included updated notional amounts for the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website to help you with remodeling. We continue to execute on the capital return program we announced in November last year spending approximately $230 million during the quarter in share repurchases, as well as dividends and over $1 billion in the first three quarters of the calendar year. As of the end of the September quarter we had completed approximately 88% of our current $1 billion share repurchase authorization buying back a cumulative total of 6.3 million shares at an average share price of $139.17. We paid out $0.45 per share in dividends or $73 million during the quarter. We now move to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash in short-term investments, including restricted cash of approximately $6.4 billion. This was up from $6.3 billion in the June quarter. Cash from operations was strong at $858 million, up from $729 million we generated in the June quarter. Cash generation in the quarter was at a record level enabling us to grow cash while funding the convertible note redemptions, as well as our capital return programs. DSO came in at 56 days down from 65 days in June. Inventory turns came in at four, compared to 4.1 of the prior quarter. Deferred revenues were $938 million. This number excludes $344 million in shipments to customers in Japan, which will revenue in future quarters. Company non-cash expenses including $42 million for equity comp, $39 million for amortization, and $40 million for depreciation. We incurred $60 million for capital expenditures in the quarter. We exited the quarter with 9,800 regular full time employees. Headcount additions came primarily in the field and factory with further additions in the technology areas. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the December quarter. We expect record shipments of $2.600 billion plus or minus $100 million. I just mentioned that 30% of the system shipments in December are to new greenfield fabs. We expect record revenue of $2.550 billion again plus or minus $100 million. We expect gross margin of 47.50% plus or minus one percentage point. We're forecasting operating margins of 30% plus or minus one percentage point.  And finally, were forecasting earnings per share of $3.65 plus or minus $0.12 based on a share count of approximately 182 million shares. So in summary, were very pleased with our performance delivering another quarter of solid operational execution and were on track for record financial results for calendar year 2017. Things could always change. As we look into 2018, we continue to see what appears to be a strong year. Our current bias is that shipments in the first half of 2018 will be stronger than the second half of 2017. Shipment momentum heading into the March quarter seems meaningfully stronger to us than it is in December. Before transitioning to the Q&A part of the call, I wanted to share some information about the timing of our Investor Day. Were now planning to host this event in the March quarter timeframe on an ongoing basis. This timing aligns well for us with executive availability, with the timing of our planning cycle, and with what we think will be a good investor attendance. Were excited about the sustainable outperformance opportunity we have ahead of us and we look forward to sharing with you a comprehensive update on the companys plans and objectives at that time. Operator that concludes my prepared remarks. Please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad : Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on operating margin. Youre guiding to December quarter to 30%, which is meaningfully higher than the long term target model that youve shared last time, which was at 28%. Can you just give us a sense of whats a sustainable level of margins for the business and assuming that the business can grow from here. Do you  should be thing that theres upward bias to the operating margin?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, Farhan I mean, Ill give you new  formally give you a new model when we get to the Analyst Day. I mean the way wed would be thinking about it, when I look at gross margin right now, its probably not going to get much higher than it is right now. In fact, theres really a bias to be a little bit lower than it is. And then it all comes down to what do you think the revenue levels of the company are. We clearly have delivered in the last several years leverage to spending. And as business volumes increase we would continue to deliver that leverage, Im not going to quantify it for you, but that would be the way I think about it and then stay tuned, well give you a formal update when we get to be Analyst Day. 
Doug Bettinger: And just, I mean just to supplements, which is maybe some color relative to our thinking and that kind of guides how we run the company. I mean we run the company with a focus on absolute dollars of profitability and our aspiration is to increase the value of our company and outperform relative to increasing the value of our company. And so the profitability that we care about most is a dollar, not a percentage. And the execution of our business on a day-to-day basis requires a very careful balance and certainly the guidance that I provide to the company is intended to claim our fair share of opportunity, our fair share of profitability without compromising the success of our customers, because without the success of our customers our industry is going to struggle. So it is as much a choice as anything else, and the choice is defined by how we optimize performance, and we optimize performance according to dollars of profits and dollars of profit growth.
Farhan Ahmad : Thank you. And a quick follow-up in terms of the segment outlook for DRAM, NAND for the December quarter in first half of next year, do you  how youre looking at the segment just qualitative guidance and with segment so stroger or weaker? 
Martin Anstice: Yes, so I would say, I mean Doug already provided a little bit of color relative to the first half of next year just to remind everybody he said, we bias first half of 2018 shipments stronger than the second half of 2017. And he said, shipments momentum meaningfully stronger in March over December as best we see it today.  What Ill add is, at a WFE level our expectation is probably in the mid-to-high single digit range year-over-year, hence we would expect more than 85% of the growth in the WFE year-over-year to come from memory.
Farhan Ahmad : Got it. Thank you. 
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Farhan.
Operator: And well take our next question from C. J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C. J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question Martin, longer term question on the memory side. Hyperscale guys are asking for longer term supply agreements from chip makers, which is clearly a strategic change and speaks to how much more important memory is and how much more strategic its becoming. And so my question to you is, is that changing your relationship at all, your visibility, how you partner with chip makers given this kind of change?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, the simple answer to that question is, yes. I do think we have more visibility. We are clearly more relevant to the success of our customers today by virtue of the scope of the portfolio and the relevance of the portfolio to the technology inflections that are  that weve been talking about for some years. We still have to work very hard to do what we do, but I would say relatively speaking visibility and our engagments is stronger consistent with the strengthening of strategic relevance of Lam to the industry.
C. J. Muse: Okay. And I guess as a follow-up. Doug you talked about OpEx coming a little lighter in the September quarter related to I guess bonus plans. And so curious does that suggest perhaps a delay in terms of timing of clean room coming online or other factors like that have pushed shipments into the first half of calendar 2018?
Doug Bettinger: No, not really C.J. I mean the two are somewhat independent. You always  I mean, when you get to the second half of the year you start truing things up and your perspective could be a little bit different, and its more got to do with whats going on internally than clean room coming online. Theres a lot of clean room space coming online as we speak, and I think for the most part its consistent with what we expected to see, what the industry is communicated its doing. There really isnt any difference there. 
Martin Anstice : And just to add, I would say its almost completely independent, because bonus plans accrue on revenues and profits on revenues not on shipments.
C. J. Muse: Great. Very Helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks C.J.
Operator: And well take our next question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar : Yeah, hi, thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. One is Martin or Doug, if I look at your revenue as a percentage of WFE is it running it on 22%, 23%. This one Im curious like you know to get to like a 24 or higher percentage what needs to happen, is it just the SAM expansion or do you think share gains are going to be more critical to get to a higher percentage of WFE and I have follow-up?
Martin Anstice: I think theyre both relevant. Weve articulated for a number of years, the opportunity for SAM expansion beyond the boundaries that were currently reporting. So the technology inflections are far from done and theyre relevant for many, many years yet to come. And as you also know from prior disclosure and their reported financial results they have the market share momentum in the company is targeted to be positive and is positive. This is a stronger market share year for the company than it was true last year and thats sits in the context of the long term models, which youre pretty familiar with. So whether its 50-50 conversation or biased slightly to the SAM expansion conversation theres certainly some exciting business opportunity and upside for the company in the years to come. 
Doug Bettinger: Krish, this is Doug. What I get excited about is just looking out to growth in the installed base and whats going on with our installed base business, which as you know isnt part of the WFE necessarily, it just grows along with the installed base, which is as Martin said in his prescriptive remarks is doing really, really nicely this year.
Krish Sankar : Got it, got it. Thanks. That kind of leads into my second question of the follow-up which is, so can you talk a little bit about your services business, how much is it as a percentage of revenue and what are the margin structure there like and what do you think the CAGR for that is going to be? Thank you. 
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean Krish, what were talking about is, weve got objectives to grow up faster than the installed base and it absolutely use doing that over the last several years, I got really excited about whats going on there. Profitability isnt all that different than the rest of the company. When we look at it an aggregate the gross margins maybe a little bit less than selling new equipment, but the level of investment isnt anywhere near what we need to invest in the new equipment side. So the operating income in the cash generation is very attractive in this part of the business.
Krish Sankar : Thank you Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Krish
Operator: Okay. Our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. Wonder if you could talk a little bit about the NAND market in the next few quarters, how do you see the spending shifting between sort of conversion of planar NAND 3D. How much do you think now is shifting over towards 3D scaling, and what happens to your I assume your share of the market potentially goes up as you move to more of a 3D scaling environment? Just some color on that would be good. Thank you. 
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, I mean the construct of this years spending by the customer in the NAND space is reasonably evenly balanced across the kind of three implementation scenarios, right. So youve got kind of the addition of a new 3D NAND capacity youve got a conversion from 2D to 3D and then youve got this kind of vertical scaling of some 3D capacity from lets say generation 2 to generation 3. And theyre all representatvie. The smaller of the three is the 3D NAND scaling segments.  As youve heard us characterize a couple times now, were actually almost agnostic to the part of the customer between the addition of new capacity and the conversion from 2D to 3D its more or less the same size opportunity for the company, and I think thats unique in the industry as the byproduct of the process flow and the position of the companys products to support that inflection.  As the 3D capacity becomes a bigger proportion and still even by the end of this year, I think it may only be about half of the installed base capacity and that half is in various forms, not all of it is latest generation, highest layer accounts kind of 3D. The the opportunity for 3D NAND is vertical scaling investments is going to grow overtime and thats the most efficient pass for our customers, its also the pass, which is most biased to action deposition.  So the segment concentration of a vertical scaling is even stronger for us as a relative opportunity to the rest of the industry. So at the end of the day the customers will make the right choices, theyll optimize fabs and optimize economics and thats a pretty dynamic space. So its one thats pretty difficult to predict and we actually dont need to for the reasons what Ive just summarized.
Joe Moore: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Joe.
Operator: And well take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Well, good afternoon and congratulations on another well executed quarter. My question is kind of similar to the last one it except its more DRAM and the industry and DRAM has done extremely well, tight supply, very strong demand environment, all eyes are starting to turn to next year when the capital spending trajectory in DRAM is going higher.  And the question from investors again is, are the DRAM competitors going to remain disciplined on a capacity expansion perspective, and do you guys have talked previously about 2017 maybe kind of 1% to 3% increased in total DRAM industry capacity pretty disciplined. So as you guys looking to your forward pipeline talk with your customers, how do you view total DRAM capacity expansion next year, are you guys continuing to see sort of focus on profitability?
Martin Anstice : Yeah, I would say intensely. So its a consolidated industry and everybody fights for their share of economics, and I think the evidence of the last several years is reinforcing of everything it was embedded in your question. To thats variablity to model, the capacity for DRAM at the end of 2017 is similar to the capacity at the end of 2015 and thats kind of wafer start out statements, and thats a statement of slight growth after the contraction year in calendar 2016. But maybe a little bit different today than was through three months ago is the proportion of the installed base that is converting to the 20-nanometer technology node is actually progressing a little bit faster than the assumptions we had three months ago. So if you look at the constructive DRAM capacity at the end of this year between 1x capacity 20 series product and then more than 20-nanometer we would guess probably 25%, 55% and 20%. Its for sure incredibly disciplined and the balance of conversion is obviously very high. So its a very efficient investment for our customers and to the extent that any capacity gets added it will get added as best we can tell from legitimate demand drivers and you know we have the same bit growth assumptions as everybody else in the kind of low 20% range for DRAM. And it will come from the relative transitions and density per wafer out, and as I think everybody appreciates that the density per wafer out improvements at the latter stages of the DRAM roadmap are little less than was true, lets say five years ago in a transition.  So thats part of the story as well. But I mean as a basic premise, we absolutely expect descipline to continue and we cant guarantee that we dont have the crystal ball, but thats the planning assumption and thats the behavior especially we can help from our customers.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insights there. And you guys are almost completed with the $1 billion share repurchase program. I guess youd be done with that by year end, free cash flow generation sitting in kind of in the high 20% range. So theres a team late for potential tax reform or can you take on some debt to fund sort of the next tranche of your repurchase activity. And then just roughly what is the additional debt capacity that the team can take on while maintaining their investment grade status? 
Doug Bettinger: Yeah Harlan, Im not ready to give you a definitive update on that right now. Obviously were paying close attention to whats going on relative to tax discussion in Washington. Your guess is as good as mine in terms of what might happen as well as the timing. We certainly have an ability to take on more debt should we choose to do that and thats something Ill be talking to the Board, Martin and Ill be talking to the Board about, when Ive got some update channel Ill share it with you, but I dont have that right now. 
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Harlan.
Operator: Our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Yeah, great. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. The uptick you saw in Logic shipments in the quarter, it was a nice surprise. Doug, you talked about the ramp of 10-nanometer, I think image sensors, and if I call you correctly power management. I guess the question is, is this level of shipments on a quarterly basis, the new normal given that 10-nanometer is ramping or was this quarter kind of a one-off in terms of shipments?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, things will always ebb and flow as you know, I mean weve been talking about the applications when is that 10-nanometer for a while now obviously as that ramps into production that will continue. Image sensor is kind of it comes in, it goes and likewise for the power management stuff. But I expect the trajectory to continue here, were doing real well. And weve been waiting for this for a while and the ramp is beginning to happen. 
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, two things to add. One of them is it is more of the new norm than not. And I hope it really isnt so surprise. Weve been talking about it for long enough, so its really nice to actually finally answer the question for everybody and demonstrates the success of our engagements in Logic and foundry in etch and deposition both its taken a lot of hard work from a lot of people and its really nice to see a further increase in the balanced engagements of the company in the industry. Were fortunate to be in a very strong position around technology inflections. Were fortunate to have the strength for the company in memory at a time when memory is clearly an increasingly relevant and critical part of the roadmap of success for all of our customers and this is icing on the cake at some level. So the really nice result.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, great. And then I had a follow-up on the Coventor acquisition in the quarter. Martin you went through the acquisition in your prepared remarks. But if you can kind of reiterate what the rationale was, what you gain from this from a technology perspective, and how it could potentially impact your incumbent businesses that would be great? Thank you. 
Martin Anstice: Yeah, thank you for the question. In many respects, its a repeat of much of the rationale weve talked about in the context of prior M&A focus for a process control in the company and in some respects this is consistent with the messaging on data and AI having the potential to change the world and that includes being relevant to how industry and the industry of our customers as well. So we believe that we have value to deliver to our customers and value deliver to our shareholders through an enhancement of process controlled capabilities.  And we are generally collaborative in execution today as strategies, but we have an opportunity to acquire and fully harness the capability of Coventor in the mix, it brings expertise and competency into the company thats for sure supplements and strengthens our pre-existing computer science algorithm analytics, capability, modeling capability and its a really nice partnership I would say for a virtual modeling business hence a true process and a hardware characterization business. So the combination of those two things, we believe has an opportunity to grow faster then was true for a standalone business, the pre-existing products and services, the Coventor business, and it has an opportunity to provide us vehicles to introduce new products and services in that space.  And last but not least, its an opportunity to increase the competitive differentiation of the etch and the deposition in the clean portfolio through enhanced control and faster cycle time in development and better predictability and opening up process windows and so on and so forth. So its part of what weve been talking about for some time, it was a nice opportunity to take custody over a valuable asset and were super excited about the opportunity in front of us, and I think that optimism is shared by our customers.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. 
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Toshiya. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi this is Brian Chin, calling in for Patrick. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Looking at your shipment distribution for the September quarter, China is only your fourth largest geography, but shipments were down sequentially by decent amount in September. Just curious what was attributed to and whether you can comment on how the pipeline or trajectory in China looks moving through next year?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, Id say that what happened in the quarter relative to China is completely unrepresentative of any broader trend. So certainly dont read anything into that other than the same for any customer, any region. Investment is a byproduct of discrete projects in any one quarter and thats all is going to happen ebb and flow.  If we look at kind of new fab projects maybe I kind of give you an updates from the disclosure of prior periods. From now through the end of calendar 2018, were tracking I think 2018 fab, greenfield fabs today, and the greenfield fab can be a second floor on a double stacked fab just to be fully disclosed on that. 12 of the 18 are in China and about eight of them I think are classified as domestic China and four of them are kind of Global China.  And when you look at the distribution of investment that were expecting next year between global and domestic players in China its actually close to 50-50. So equipment purchases, wafer starts, capacity additions in China, domestic community and global community looks 50-50-ish at this point in time. That could change, but thats the headline today.  So wed still say the same thing today that we said before, China for global companies and domestic community is a relevant part of our future. We believe that execution is as disciplined in execution in China as it is anywhere else in the world, and I hope that continues and were were very focused. Were investing heavily and our position in memory and Logic both in China is very strong. So hopefully that is helpful to you.
Brian Chin: Thanks, very helpful. And just one quick follow-up question on your comments about shipping being very healthy to March quarter. Just wondering a very discernible shift youre seeing in spending within memory between NAND and DRAM over that horizon?
Martin Anstice: Too early for us to comment at this point. I think both segments of disciplines, both segments have overlapping demand drivers, but they have unique demand drivers and were kind of hold off until January to get specific. What I should say by the way are you going back to the China question is, when I gave my reference to eight domestic I was referring to memory and logic both and both segments are represented in the plans of our customers. 
Brian Chin: Okay, great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger : Thanks Brian.
Operator: Well take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Well, thanks for taking my question. A couple months ago you guys suggest that the WFE opportunities for NAND would be in the $70 billion over the next five years, and thats assuming 40% net growth. Now that one of the suppliers actually suggested that market will go 50% next year and it seems like you agree with that, does that make your forecast too conservative now? And if it does become 50% per year going forward and is at a 40%, how do you think about the NAND WFE? How will that change?
Doug Bettinger : This was announcement, positive and negative table. This will be  we have no basis to update $70 billion reference at this time, same message today as was through the flash memory summit.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Maybe switching over to DRAM, is a follow-up to earlier question. There is a quite a bit of increase in DRAM CapEx by your customers, and it seems like is the consensus here is that maybe CapEx per wafer is going high obviously cost, but it is still going down. If it is getting more expensive per wafer, how do you think customers justified the high cost? And are they either gearing into cost grand they are making a lot of money these days or do you think thats being passed alone to the end users? 
Doug Bettinger : I think you might have answered your own question. Theyre making more money than they ever have done. Theyre making more money than I do. So I would say, is a basic headline it looks like theyve rationalized an ability to make an investment and get paid for it and I think going back to the questions of discipline, consolidated industry in a disciplined capacity addition is kind of part of that story. I think your question is very good, because it is appropriate that everybody recognizes that the cost of density is higher and thats one of the reasons why the next generation memory conversation shows up in the industry today when it didnt do several years ago.  But what I want to remind everybody is there is tons of life left in the DRAM device. There are multiple technology nodes ahead of us in the roadmap of our customers today and there are many years of investment still left in that product and technology. And Im sure a year from now well see something even better than that because the industry has a tendency to innovate its way to some pretty outstanding solutions.
Sidney Ho: All right. Thank you. 
Doug Bettinger : Thanks.
Operator: And our next question from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Weston Twigg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have a follow-up on one earlier about the record shipments in ID analogic. Im just wondering when you mentioned your growth in 2018, I think you mentioned 85% of the growth looks like its coming from memory. Why not a little bit more of growth coming from the logic and or maybe the foundry side given the 10-nanometer and 20-nanometer ramps? 
Martin Anstice : Okay, Im glad you ask that, because I maybe wasnt quite as clear as I should have been. When I referenced 85%, I was trying to describe our outlook for calendar 2018 WFE compared to calander 2017 WFE. So our expectation is calander the 2018 is higher than 2018, I introduced a mid-to-high single digits reference for that and I provided a perspective to said we expect 85% of the growth in WFE year-over-year to be memory based. Appologise for the confusion.
Weston Twigg: I think, I understood it properly. Im just wondering with say your 10-nanometer ramp one of the big logic customers in the 7-nanometer activity at the foundries way, you wouldnt see more of the growth coming from those segments, and I dont know if your particular exposure to memory is just higher or if its a broader reference? 
Martin Anstice : Well, we do the best we can to take every piece of data thats available to us in terms of demand, device demand the implications of that device demand on various kind of manufacturing segments to the best of our abilities. We look at kind of reuse capabilities, which is relevant for every segment of the industry. We take into account public and private diclosure of a companys  of our customers and we tell you to the best of our abilities what we think our outlook is. So the 85% headline is the best communication we can give you at this point.
Weston Twigg: Okay. And then as my follow-up. Just on the guidance youve had several quarters of beats and raises and I know the market is very strong. Are you guiding too conservatively, do you think that that  I guess what are you missing when youre guiding over the last few quarters was demand running your expectations a little bit?
Martin Anstice: Its not running it by an enormous amount, Weston, I mean weve done a little better the last couple of quarters in terms of gross margin, and I just guided you to the highest gross margin, I think in the last decade of the company. So its not conservative by nature. Weve done a little better over the last several quarters for sure, but I just tell you  we tell you what we see as we look into the quarter. 
Doug Bettinger : And maybe again just a supplements, its actually not easy to give guidance, just to be clear, I mean this is a consolidated industry, and the investments of our customers are big. Any one application is big, anyone investment is big. And so the potential to predict this at the quarterly level can actually be quite challenging. And I would say our guidance is really good because consistently we are guiding and performing within the range of our guidance. So with due respect to your question, maybe we're not as precise as you'd like us to be, but I feel really good about the integrity of the guidance conversation and then performance of the company inside of the guidance range consistently.
Weston Twigg: All right thank you, very helpful.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Wes.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Edwin Mok: Hey guys thanks for taking my question. So I guess just a quick follow-up to Wes question, I think the general consensus is that China's spending will grow in 2018. [Indiscernible]?
Martin Anstice: We've lost you, Edwin.
Edwin Mok: That is the contribution from China.
Doug Bettinger: Edwin ask your question again, sorry you broke up midway through there.
Edwin Mok: Sorry about that. I'm trying to understand how much China is contributing to your growth on 2018 within your expectation of mid-to-high single digit growth.
Doug Bettinger: Too early for us to disclose at this point. We'll give you better color on next year. I mean, it's a little bit early. Normally at this juncture we wouldnt be talking about 2018. Well give you the normal color when we get to next quarter's earnings.
Edwin Mok: Okay. All right. I think that's fine. So I guess, the question I have on EUV, there's a lot of talks about EUV adopting 7-nanometer. And I remember you guys have talked about doing some about etch and deposition. [Indiscernible] to help with challenges like line etch softness [ph]. Is it possible you can give us some update around that, where do you stand that? And do you think, that can potentially be a SAM [indiscernible] as EUVs are adopted?
Doug Bettinger: I would say the basic message  and I apologize again, we lost you mid-sentence, but the basic message of the company today around our opportunity in the context of an EUV implementation is almost identical to the scenarios we characterized in the investor and analyst meeting about a year ago. So the insertion plans of our customers appear to be consistent, and the balance of space-based patterning implementations in the industry appears reasonably consistent with the assumptions we made before. So I don't think we can give you anything better than we already did. I apologize.
Edwin Mok: Okay, thanks. Sorry about my line.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, no problem Edwin. Thank.
Operator: And well take out next question from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead. 
Craig Ellis: Yes thanks for taking the question. And congratulations on the very fine execution guys, as well as numerous financial records. I just wanted to follow-up with some of the China commentary with a clarification question. I think you mentioned of the 2018 Greenfield patch you're tracking, 12 are in China, and there's a split between domestic and global, but even looking at the number of domestic fabs, the company has cited that, that could mean that either that exposures with some of the smaller fabs that are trailing-edge Logic or there may be with some of the larger fabs. Can you clarify if you're participating with that number that you provided in some of the larger China fabs next year? Do you see those coming on thereafter?
Martin Anstice: Yes is the answer to your question. It includes the reference of eight includes the bigger domestic guys and the smaller domestic guys. Its memory and Logic both. It's DRAM and flash. The flash investment is obviously materially greater than the DRAM investment in the context of market opportunity, primarily. But we are seeing the emergence, as we've talked about for some time, of investments by domestic customers in calendar 2018, big and small; memory and logic. And it's still a fairly gradual implementation, so there's no pendulum swing, there's no paradigm shift, but there's a commencement of pilot-line investments and then transition out of pilot-line into first phase, high-volume manufacturing. But the discipline that we all hope we are seeing to the best of our abilities today.
Doug Bettinger: And Craig, when we think about WFE and pilot investments that Martin was referencing, I mean, it's  for the local guys, it's an incremental $1 billion or $2 billion in terms of total WFE. A lot of the activity continues to be as it is this year. The global multinationals doing projects in China.
Craig Ellis: Got it. Thats very helpful, guys. The follow-up is just regarding the comments for first half 2018 shipments to be up meaningfully versus the second half of 2017. And acknowledging, Martin, your point that the business is a hard-to-forecast business. I'm just wondering if there's any color that you can give us on linearity as we think about the first half of 2018 for the business. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes let me just clarify Craig. What we said is first half 2018, higher than second half 2017. The meaningfully comment was relative to the March quarter, not necessarily the entire half. And it's really too soon for us to call linearity into next year. Again, that's something we typically would do at the end of the December quarter, and you can expect to hear from us then.
Craig Ellis: Thanks guys.
Doug Bettinger: Yes.
Martin Anstice: Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Craig.
Operator: And well take our next question from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes another question on the DRAM side of the market. You talked about how wafer starts are roughly flat from 2015. Do you expect them to go up over the next couple of years or mainly just going down to the sub 2  the 20-nanometer node?
Martin Anstice: The planning assumption we have today is up a little, but it really is a little. And it will only go up a little if there's legitimate demand for devices that require that investment. So there really is no headline in terms of capacity expansion in DRAM unless there's a dramatic change to the demand statement for the segment. So it might go up and down a little bit, but it's basically headline of technology conversion. And the technology conversions, to the point I made before, are less effective gradually in terms of delivering density per wafer out than was true five years ago. But they're still incrementally valuable, and our customers appear to be making lots of money manufacturing and selling those devices.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So when you look at the 80% to 85% of the growth from memory next year, is that mainly NAND then?
Martin Anstice: No, it's not, but I'm not going to give you specifics at this point in time. I felt like I was super extravagant with my 85% memory disclosure, so apparently, you have a never-ending appetite for more.
Tom Diffely: We always want more.
Martin Anstice: Unfortunately, I don't have a never-ending appetite to provide more, so if youll just wait on that question until we get a little further into next year, we'd appreciate it.
Tom Diffely: Alright, thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Tom.
Doug Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: And it does conclude out question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Satya for any additional or closing remarks.
Satya Kumar: Yes thank you once again for joining us. And have a wonderful rest of the day.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks guys.
Operator: And once again that does conclude todays presentation. We thank you all for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - Lam Research Corp. Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp. Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.
Analysts: C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Arthur Su - Needham & Co. LLC Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co. Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Atif Malik - Citigroup Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2017 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations of Lam Research. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the June 2017 quarter, and our outlook for the September 2017 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the Risk Factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slide in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found today in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit yourself to one question per firm and a brief follow-up, so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you, Satya. We delivered another record quarter, highlighted by over $3 in earnings per share and reported for the first time in the company's history nearly $5 billion in cumulative shipments in the first half of the calendar year. Shipments, revenue, profit margins and EPS were all well above the midpoint of our guidance range for the June quarter. In this context, I would like to thank sincerely our customers for the opportunity to contribute to their success, and our employees for their dedication and hard work, making these achievements possible. We will first start with a short update on near-term demand trends, add some context to the drivers behind our success over the last several years, and frame the exciting and sustainable opportunity we believe the company has going forward. As a brief headline, since our last earnings call, DRAM and NAND demand-driven spending both have increased our expectations for calendar 2017 and calendar 2018 company performance. We have continued investing in capacity and flexibility for business success. Our operational execution and performance we believe continues to set a competitive standard in our industry. Demand trends are robust, particularly in memory both in enterprise and consumer end markets. Applications such as machine learning and artificial intelligence are foundational to the next generation of technology innovation, and they are driving strong memory content growth for DRAM and NAND that offer attractive economics for our customers. The substantial density increases made possible by 3D NAND are driving strong content growth for high-end smartphone devices this year. Combined, we see tremendous opportunity over the next several years for robust, non-volatile memory growth in consumer end markets driven by innovations such as AR/VR, 5G, automated driving, robotics, and other IoT applications. We continue to be very enthusiastic about the opportunity for a silicon-enabled, comprehensive global technology and applications revolution. With these trends, memory-supply-demand balance remains tight, and our memory customers are on track to generate record performance, with memory industry revenues in 2017 poised to exceed $100 billion for the first time ever. Consistent with this demand-driven growth, our customers are planning incrementally higher capital spending levels both in DRAM and NAND. Underscoring our belief that spending levels are demand-driven and sustainable, memory industry capital intensity is on track to remain stable at approximately 20%, consistent with long-term averages and well below prior cycle peaks of 30% to 35%. Non-memory spending plans remained strong and essentially unchanged versus our prior expectations with a primary focus on technology inflections. Overall, industry WFE spending is now tracking above the high end of the previous range we provided. And we currently maintain a positive view on a strong customer spending environment once again in 2018. The improvements in WFE this year have led to increased Lam performance expectations for the calendar year, and now a relatively balanced outlook for our shipments first half to second half. Worthy of note, our full calendar year shipments are on track to significantly exceed the rate of WFE growth once again in 2017. Related, having previously highlighted the potential for calendar year shipments slightly below $9 billion, we now target slightly below $10 billion. This is a commentary of increased strategic relevance and effective scaling, also a commentary on the competitiveness of the right products and services at the right time. As we target this new milestone of slightly less than $10 billion in annual shipments for calendar 2017, I would like to take a moment to reflect upon an incredible journey, a journey that provides the context for Lam's ability to continue to drive long-term, sustainable and profitable growth for all our stakeholders. 10 years ago, Lam was a single-product etch company with an addressable market of 10 to 15 percentage points of WFE that was itself a highly cyclical and relatively low growth market, very leveraged to the PC. With solid strategy, execution and support from our customers over the last 10 years, we succeeded in several important ways. We built Lam etch market share to an unmatched technology and market share position deep-rooted in our leading-edge capabilities and our commitments to partnership with our customers. We transitioned from a single-product company to a diversified multi-product and services company, extending from etch leadership into clean and the deposition markets. Combined with a strong focus on identifying and positioning ahead of key technology inflections in semiconductor device manufacturing over many years, we have added over 20 percentage points to our addressable market, which now exceeds 35% of WFE. Additionally, while further strengthening our leadership in memory, we have diversified our revenue exposure through a strengthened position in logic and foundry market. And notably, our customer support business group through its innovative products, advanced services and productivity solutions continues to deliver growth at a pace that is greater than our installed base unit growth. Expansion of our served market and market share, combined with solid execution that delivered unmatched multiyear growth and value expansion, is the financial headline of Lam. But perhaps what is more important relative to sustainability of value creation is customer trust and the increased strategic relevance of Lam products and services to the success of our customers. As a statement of relative performance, we believe the opportunity for Lam is compelling. With a very strong foundation, I believe we are today entering another exciting phase in our evolution. Data is the new currency of the global economy. The collection, storage and analysis of big data to produce artificial intelligence and machine learning has the potential to change nearly every industry. This trend, we believe, is leading to sustainably higher demand for memory spending. Indeed, memory capital spending has grown at a 20% CAGR over the last four years, about twice as fast as the growth rate of overall industry CapEx. Our analytics endorse the conviction of our customers to the sustainability of bit density and diverse applications demand growth and the discipline of their investment. Lam technology and market leadership comes at a time when the semiconductor industry increasingly embraces vertical scaling as a key driver of performance improvement rather than simply traditional shrink. Vertical scaling is certainly a sweet spot for Lam. We have the highest market share in etch and deposition markets combined of any market participant. Our commitment and investments in R&D and a disciplined approach to product pipeline and road map over multiple years, combined with a focused operational execution and rapidly growing installed base, provide a consistent feedback loop to further solidify our positions of leadership. We will talk more about the opportunities we see in vertical scaling at a special reception that the company will be hosting on August 9 at the Flash Memory Summit Conference here in California. Rick Gottscho, our Chief Technology Officer, Satya and I very much look forward to engaging with many of you there, as a preamble to our planned Investor and Analyst Meeting in a few months. When we think about our future beyond the next several years, we believe our competitive and business strengths, our operating capabilities, and the environment around us, all combine to create tangible opportunity for Lam to further deliver long-term value creation. We have built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, chemistry, plasma and fluidics, advanced systems engineering and expertise in manufacturing, supply chain, and our sales channel, that each, we believe, are foundational to creating shareholder value in all current and future market opportunities. Our vision continues to optimize long-term and short-term success to the best of our abilities. Our vision continues to balance investing in the sustainable and profitable growth of Lam through the introduction of disruptive technology and incremental market offerings. Our vision is to realize full value from natural technology extensions of our company, and our vision includes an ongoing commitment to capital redistribution. With that, let me turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Okay. Great. Thank you, Martin, and thank you all for joining us this afternoon during what I know is a busy earnings season. We're pleased with the results we have to share with you today for both the June quarter and for our just concluded fiscal year 2017. So let me go ahead and just jump into the numbers. In the June quarter, we performed above the midpoint of guidance for all metrics. We delivered record levels of shipments, revenues, cash from operations, gross margin dollars, operating income dollars, and earnings per share for the quarter and for the fiscal year. Each of these metrics achieved strong double-digit growth in fiscal year 2017 compared to the prior fiscal year. We believe these results and milestones clearly demonstrate solid execution against our multiyear outperformance objectives. Our upward trajectory of shipments continued in June quarter coming in at $2.543 billion, which is up 5% sequentially and above the midpoint of the guided range. Shipments for the 2017 fiscal year were $8.586 billion, which was a 46% increase compared to fiscal year 2016. Memory shipments remained strong with the combined memory segment making up 73% of total system shipments, which was in line with the prior quarter. Non-volatile memory accounted for 59% of the shipments, which was up from 50% in the March quarter. Demand for 3D NAND equipment continues to be robust with customers executing their plans for increasing layer counts and improving device densities. DRAM shipments represented 14% of system shipments, which was down from 23% in the prior quarter. Shipments for foundry customers were 22% of system shipments in the June quarter, which was down a little from the 24% in the prior quarter. And finally, the logic and other segment accounted for 5% of system shipments versus 3% last quarter. Revenues for the quarter were again at a record level of $2.345 billion, which was an increase of 9% compared to the March quarter. For fiscal year 2017, the revenues of the company came in at $8.014 billion, which was an increase of 36% compared to the prior fiscal year. Our installed base business contributed approximately 25% of our revenue in fiscal year 2017. The installed base now includes over 45,000 process modules, and with that growth comes an increasing opportunity to sell spare parts, upgrades, productivity solutions, system refurbishment, and other innovative product offerings. We have solid momentum behind our objective to grow the installed base business faster than the growth of the installed base itself, which is an important component of the sustainable cash generation of the company. Gross margin came in above the midpoint of guidance at 46.5%. And as I've shared with you in the past, we expect variability in gross margin on a quarterly basis as a function of number of factors such as business volume, product mix, and customer concentration. Operating expenses in the June quarter grew to $440 million, and that compares to $414 million in the March quarter. And of that OpEx spend, we increased the portion allocated to R&D to about 65%. We're very encouraged by the opportunities we see ahead of us and continue to make strategic investments in R&D programs over a multiyear horizon in support of our customers' road maps and plans. Operating income in the June quarter was at a record level of $650 million, which was up over 12% from the prior quarter. Operating income grew at roughly twice the rate of operating expense, demonstrating the leverage we have in our financial model, and supporting our ability to make strategic investments to sustain our outperformance going forward. For the first time in the history of the company, operating income generated in the fiscal year topped $2 billion. Operating margin for the quarter was 27.7%, which was up from 26.9% in March and at the high-end of the guided range. The tax rate for the quarter was approximately 13%, and that compares to 12% last quarter. A tax rate in the low to middle teens through the end of calendar year 2017 would be reasonable for you to include in your models. Based on a share count of about 182 million shares, earnings per share for the June quarter came in at $3.11, which was near the high-end of the guidance range. This share count includes dilution from both the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes, with a total dilutive impact of about 18 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. And I'll remind you that dilution schedules for the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. And I would just mention that with the increase in our stock price, we have received requests for early conversions of our 2018 and 2041 convertible notes totaling about $300 million. These requests will settle in cash and shares and are comprehended in our September outlook. We returned $587 million of cash to our shareholders during the quarter; $74 million in dividend distributions and $513 million in share repurchases executed largely through a $500 million accelerated share repurchase. The ASR terminated shortly after the close of our June fiscal quarter on June 30. Inclusive of the ASR, we have now completed about 70% of our current $1 billion buyback authorization, and we have repurchased 5.3 million shares at an average share price of $135.55. Now let me transition to the balance sheet. Cash from operations was very strong at $729 million, which was up from $423 million in March. For the fiscal year, the company generated over $2 billion in cash from operations. During the quarter, cash and short-term investments, including our restricted cash increased to $6.3 billion, which was up from $6.1 billion in March. The increase in the cash balance was obviously the result of the cash from operations that we generated offset largely by the capital return program that I referenced. Days sales outstanding improved to 65 days versus 69 days last quarter. Inventory turns were 4.1, down slightly from the 4.2 we saw in the March quarter. At the end of the quarter, deferred revenues were $966 million, which was up from $842 million in March. This number excludes $397 million in shipments to customers in Japan that will also revenue in future quarters. This Japan number was $260 million last quarter, and recall that these Japan shipments remain as inventory carried at cost on our balance sheet. And I'll just do the math for you. The combined deferred bucket now stands at over $1.3 billion as we exited June. Company non-cash expenses during the quarter included the following: $44 million for equity comp, $39 million for amortization, and $40 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $35 million in the quarter, which was down from $44 million in March. We exited the quarter with approximately 9,100 regular full-time employees. The growth in head count was in the factory and field, in addition to the R&D organizations. Now looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the September quarter. We expect shipments of $2.350 billion plus or minus $100 million, and as Martin mentioned, we are expecting a roughly balanced first half to second half shipment profile. We expect revenue of $2.450 billion again plus or minus $100 million. As we sit here today, we expect that December is likely the high point for both shipments and revenue in calendar year 2017. We're expecting gross margin of 46.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point, forecasting operating margins of 28% again plus or minus 1 percentage point, and finally, we're forecasting earnings per share of $3.25 plus or minus $0.12 based on a share count of approximately 183 million shares. We're obviously pleased with the financial performance of the company that we reported and guided today. And we believe we're well-positioned with our portfolio of products and services to successfully pursue the opportunities ahead of us. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Martin and I would like to now open the call for questions.
Operator: Absolutely. And we'll take our first question today from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. You talked about memory is the driver of the upside to your outlook here. And just curious if you could put some numbers around how you're thinking about WFE for both DRAM and NAND this year and next? We would love to hear your thoughts there.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I think I'm not sure we have that much to add frankly to everything that I've seen, written, read by analysts or other equipment companies. And frankly speaking, the primary purpose of this dialog is to talk about the economics of the company, not the industry. So, what we've tried to articulate, C.J., is an enhanced view of performance this year, so the slightly less than $10 billion shipments reference is an important one, and that embeds in it a commentary on SAM expansion and share growth. And we have opined on kind of the sustainability of spending and a strong kind of outlook for calendar 2018. But as is customary, I like to take a shot at putting a quantitative reference at the beginning of the year and one at the end, and let other people have their moment of glory in the middle.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Let me ask another question then. If I look at what you discussed in terms of shipments and revenues for the full year, it looks like you're going to outgrow WFE roughly by 3 times. And I guess, that's pretty outstanding outperformance. What's the encore next year? How should we think about your relative performance and changes technology-wise that can sustain continued outperformance into 2018, 2019 and beyond?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I think we certainly have a view that the last five years and this year don't end at the end of this year. We're working really hard to make sure that there's an opportunity and demonstrated performance of sustainable growth and outperformance. And the best way to think about that frankly is to think about the commentary that we've made available around our product portfolio increasing its share of wafer fabrication equipment spending. So that comes about from our own investments in new products and capabilities, and it comes about from what I believe is an unmatched positioning of this company to the totality of technology inflections in the industry, and it comes about through device architecture challenges  device architecture decisions and process flow decisions of our customers. So, we have provided a quantitative reference today that says above 35% of WFE is what we believe we're competing for, you have all of the disclosure, I think, previously on market share, and we see both trends as positive, not just in next year but in the years to come. So, there's an ebb and a flow always on a short-term basis, but I mean we feel really good about long-term demand for silicon-enabled innovation. We feel really good about discipline in the ecosystem, and we feel really good about the unique opportunities for this company.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, C.J.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the great set of results. Martin, can you just talk about the mix of spending between logic foundry and memory in the second half? The first half was very strong in terms of memory spending, do you expect the second half to be pretty similar in mix or do you expect a change?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. So obviously, there's some company disclosure, which is reasonable balance in shipments first half and second half. When we look at kind of WFE, I think, a more or less memory as an aggregated segment is actually also pretty balanced with kind of DRAM a little stronger in the second half and NAND was a little stronger in the first half. And similarly, kind of foundry and kind of microprocessor, other logic kind of balance themselves out as well. So foundry was a little stronger in the first half, and we believe microprocessor and other logic is a little stronger in the second half. So kind of all in, pretty balanced spending year is the one that we would assume today.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then I just wanted to ask you a question about the overall services business. If I assume that that mix of business is pretty flat from last year, because I believe at the end of last year also, you had indicated that's 25% of the revenue. So the services business has grown at extremely fast rate at this year. Can you talk about what has driven that exceptional level of growth, which could be about 40% or more from last year to this year?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean it's inevitably kind of two or three things. One part of the growth of the installed base business, which is in spare parts and services and upgrades and refurbishments is the size of the installed base, and as Doug talked about in his prepared comments, the installed base has grown significantly in the last five years. So that's kind of baseline number one. The second element of this could be  is the breadth of products and services that we've made available to the industry, and I think the industry's natural inclination to take a greater advantage of the full portfolio of productivity solutions. So, the installed base business, spares and service and upgrades and refurbishment is all about productivity, generally speaking. It's about making an installed base more productive, and as we've talked about for many, many years, as an industry, the technology challenges don't get any easier, but that's also true for productivity challenges. So, as we introduce advanced products and services focused on productivity and so on and so forth, that plays into the performance of the company. Last thing I would say is that as the technical specifications of device manufacturing are more difficult, that naturally also plays into an enhancement of some elements of the installed base support business.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Thank you. That's all I have.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Farhan.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Congratulations on another well-executed quarter, just solid all around. Maybe stepping back a bit and sort of looking at the end markets' supply and demand dynamics. We had two relatively big memory customers report recently. The CapEx outlook by both looks very healthy, and the view by both is on a go-forward basis, CapEx trends look good on a go-forward basis. That's also in line with some of your prepared commentary. But the market seems to be interpreting higher CapEx as new capacity, new wafer starts especially in DRAM. So it's raising some cyclical red flags here. Given your forward pipeline, your visibility, do you guys see any signs that there will be meaningful uptick in total DRAM industry wafer starts this year or next year, or is more of the DRAM spend focused on accelerating technology migrations on the installed base?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I would say to the best of our abilities, the answer to your question is no, we do not see meaningful expansion of an installed base. Clearly, compared to last year, the investment level in calendar 2017 in DRAM is significantly improved and enhanced. But I think a couple references for you. We do not believe that the installed base in terms of wafer starts of output is any greater at the end of this calendar year than was true at the end of calendar 2015. Statement number one. Statement number two, when we look at kind of capital intensity of memory at the segment level and look at kind of DRAM specifically, it's a long way from kind of creating kind of the anxiety levels that we think would be relevant to kind of cyclical imbalance. Though we have the same conviction that I think is expressed by all, if not most of our customers, around disciplined investment, which doesn't mean it's perfect. I'm sure there's an ebb and a flow from one week and one month from one quarter to the next, but the fundamental headlines around content and density and demand and how that's playing out in terms of spending in a consolidated industry I think are pretty healthy.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the color there. And then on the installed base business, obviously great to see the continued growth trends there, very stable annuity-like business. I'm assuming that you guys are also driving leverage in this segment, maybe Doug, if you could comment on services' op margin performance versus corporate margins, are service op margins accretive to corporate average? And are you guys able to drive the same amount of leverage that you are for the total business?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, no. It's a very nice part of the business model. It's very cash-generative. As I think I've indicated before, it's probably a little bit accretive to the operating income on a percentage basis. It doesn't have anywhere near the amount of investment that is required in the new equipment side. But what I really like about it, Harlan, is the broad base of it. It's got many, many, many engagements, lots of customers. It's just a very stable predictable business, and your characterization of an annuity is exactly right, it is a great part of the business model.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you, Harlan.
Operator: Moving along, our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon, and congrats on the strong results. I had two questions. First on the opportunity in China. If you can talk a little bit about some of the developments over the past couple quarters both on the memory side and the foundry side. Martin, if you can talk a little bit about how you view the second half of 2017 and more importantly longer term?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean, again I'm not sure I have kind of too much to say incrementally here. As we've said for the last couple quarters, we believe that China is an increasingly important part of the industry measured by the level of spending. Today, spending in China is dominated by the global player presence in China, but this is a year where there is a foundry, DRAM and flash investments by the domestic Chinese community. And as is consistent with I'm sure every disclosure from every other significant equipment company, we're participating in that, as you might expect, and our presence and our plans in China are at least as good as our average, so it's an important region with an important focus for us. And we would still say today that the calendar 2018 is a bigger story than calendar 2017 for the kind of China. So, certainly that plays into our qualitative statements that we believe calendar 2018 is a strong year for the industry.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then my second question was on the logic business. Martin, I think you briefly talked about shipments being a little bit stronger into the second half relative to the first half. But longer term, obviously, this is a part of the market where you've historically been under-indexed, and at the same time you've talked about some wins at the 10-nanometer node. So, I guess from a timing perspective, when should we expect this part of your business to inflect to the upside in a more meaningful way?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I mean, I guess that it's always true that it shows upward revenues when customers spend money on the applications you've won. There's no pendulum swing here. This is kind of a multiple year transition, and we're super pleased about the progress, which doesn't mean it can't be better, and it doesn't mean our aspirations aren't greater than we currently have achieved. But we're walking towards an objective where the position of the company in logic is at least as good, if not better, than the position of the company in foundry and it will take a number of technology nodes to get to that point, and we're not there today. But I'm super pleased with our progress. And the comments on logic and foundry, I mean I don't want to miss the foundry headline, which we talked about last year. The performance of the company in foundry last year against the average of the industry I thought was just outstanding. So, I think we reported 40% increase year-over-year compared to about a 25% assumption on WFE. So, it's going to take a couple of nodes to kind of fully realize our ambition if we're successful in all respects, and we're certainly working hard to achieve that.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: And Toshiya, it'll be stronger in the second half than it was in the first half for sure.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much. Congrats again.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Arthur Su - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, this is actually Arthur on for Edwin. Congrats in a great quarter, and thanks for taking our question.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Sure.
Arthur Su - Needham & Co. LLC: Martin, I had a question for you on your natural  your comment on natural technology extension. So, some of your peers have talked about increasing metrology intensity going hand in hand with more complex 3D NAND devices. Given your leadership in 3D NAND, how do you think about your product portfolio in terms of metrology, does it make sense to offer metrology system under the same roof to provide a more comprehensive solution?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Didn't we try that strategy? You know, and I mean, I guess that wasn't at the heart necessarily of kind of the Lam and KT ambition. But it was an inevitable kind of part of that strategy. Today's kind of process control ambition, metrology ambition is really kind of defined around a couple of things. One of them is that the real-time process control kind of dialog and the second is the potential for some level of integrated metrology. So, we've articulated our ambition, I think, in terms of SAM expansion on that, and the second part of our strategy is to increase the competitiveness of our underlying etch and deposition and clean products by dealing with one of the most fundamental challenges of the industry, which is tighter specs and the need to open up device design and device manufacturing process windows. So that's where our focus is. So, my comments around kind of natural technology extensions were intended to be a little bit more holistic than kind of metrology and process control. And really, this is kind of like not a new headline or new thoughts in the company. But I feel like consistent frankly with the trends of most of the industry participants, I wanted to make sure that everybody understands that we think holistically about how best to harness value from all of the assets and all of the strengths of the company. And so, when we look at that obviously, our vision is to create sustainable, profitable and kind of accretive growth for the company. And by natural extensions, we mean focusing on kind of the assets and the strengths of the company as currently defined, with a requirement for kind of high confidence business plans and leverage in our financial models. So, it's an emerging investment for the company, it's still quite small, I would say. The investment by the company in products and services and markets beyond our core is in the $20 million to $30 million range probably for the year. But I think it's an important part of the long-term vision for the future of the company.
Arthur Su - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for that clarification. Just a quick follow-up question. ASML talked about the progress they've made with their EUV tool and the potential that it can address up to 15 layers upon insertion at 7-nanometer. Given your strength in etch and deposition, has that in any way shaped your initial view on your patterning opportunity, and do you believe that Lam is also well positioned to remain competitive due to improving economics of your multi-patterning processes?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, I think that's a really good point. Actually I mean, every single day from us and every other participant is delivering litho multi-patterning schemes or spacer-based multi-patterning schemes, we're making the economics better. And to answer the first part of your question, the disclosures recently and the editorial hasn't changed our fundamental view of our opportunity. We still believe we have SAM expansion through the 5-nanometer technology node that we've currently kind of articulated in the Analyst Meeting. We triangulate around public statements and private statements from all of the industry participants that all kind of talk to us. We feel like we have nice opportunity. We have decent strength, and that our focus is on controlling the things that we can control and making the best of it. So, nothing new to say, and one big part of the economics of the company quite frankly has been multi-patterning in memory and logic both.
Arthur Su - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Moving on, our next question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats again, guys, on another great quarter. I had a couple of them. Number one, Martin, if you look at the WFE spend on 3D NAND, obviously it's really healthy driven by  end demand is obviously greenfield, the yield's are pretty low, there's some conversion from 2D to 3D, kind of curious if any one of those vectors slows down, do you think 3D NAND can sustain in current levels, or are you worried about that going forward?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, I mean, I think the fundamental thing we look at is demand, right, which is not so much a unit conversation these days, it's a content conversation. And when you kind of look at this year and you look at the road map for smartphone content and service content particularly, I mean, I think that's the most important commentary around sustainability of spending because the spending, despite very critical and strategic technology transition this year, is predominantly defined around the importance of responding to demand and keeping supply and demand in balance to the best of our customers' ability, and as an industry participant, we're trying to support that. So, when I think about kind of how they spend money greenfield or conversion 2D to 3D, or 3D scaling, as we articulated in our Analyst Meeting, we're actually agnostic to how they go execute. If you look at the unique elements of the Lam Research serviceable markets, there are pretty similar opportunities for us in both implementations. And our view today is quite similar to the view we had a couple of months ago, more or less the 3D-capable capacity in NAND installed base at the end of the year will be approximately half of the installed base, which is not to say the transition is kind of half done, because in the context of the demand message and the technology road map for this particular inflection, I mean there's a lot of years of opportunity ahead of us, and we're certainly excited about participating and enabling to the extent that we can to the success of our customers.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. And then another question on the DRAM side, I think you did articulate the fact that you're not seeing a whole lot of capacity expansion, and clearly last year was a cyclical low for DRAM CapEx, and this year it's still below 2015 levels. Is it purely a function of the fact that the number of process steps is increasing as you go below 20 nanometers, it's more difficult to do, that's why even though optically it looks like CapEx is higher, it's not really as high as you think you'd expect it to be?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I don't know if we're completely qualified to answer the full scope of your question. I mean, I will tell you for our piece of the pie, yeah, and this is true in most every part of the industry, the investment in a given kind of wafer outs kind of goes up in technology inflections, and the trick for our customers obviously is making sure that the density in this case or the number of chips on the surface of the wafer goes up in proportion to the increase in kind of cost, and as I think is well-publicized to this point in time, the most challenging part of the semiconductor kind of road map from a kind of long-term perspective is DRAM. Although frankly speaking, there is kind of three or four nodes depending on how you define it in the road map that we have with customers in front of us today. By the end of this year, we estimate that only 25% of the installed base is actually at the 1x technology node. So, there's kind of a decent amount of sustainability and value proposition, I think, in front of the industry for DRAM.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Krish.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: It's very helpful. Thanks, Martin.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Martin, first in terms of the capital intensity trend particularly for etch and deposition where we've seen growth in the percentage of the spend of those two areas, given some of the continued changing dynamics of the industry, do you see both of them continuing to increase maybe at a more moderate level, or does it assume flattened out particularly if EUV comes into play?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: So I think we've articulated as precisely as we can do in our Analyst Meeting, and I'd pull the slides and update the slides for the WFE assumptions that you think are most relevant, but we've articulated with the assumptions made that I think more or less is being reinforced by other disclosures since we made them, insertions in second phase of 7-nanometer and insertions planned in DRAM. Our serviceable market increases through the end of this decade and probably slightly beyond. So, on that one axis, as I've said, it's a nice opportunity for us and one where we continue to be very focused on.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. That's helpful. Doug, you talked about R&D being 65% of total OpEx. On a going-forward basis given some of the projects you have in hand, do you see that percentage potentially increasing as you keep kind of SG&A as flat as you can, or 65% kind of the right run rate we should be looking at?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, Patrick. We're going to keep trying to drive that higher obviously. That's the good kind of spending that generates growth in the future. It's not to say every quarter it's going to be up, but on a year-on-year basis, the way we will manage and run the spending of the company will be to try to allow that to grow and still keep the discipline around the financial model in total, and by so doing, get more efficient in SG&A.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, good afternoon. I have a question on the service side of the business. Is the strength that you're seeing there, is that also a reflection of 200-millimeter strength in the industry, or is that not a big part of that equation?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, it's part of the equation. Obviously, and I'd extend maybe that comment beyond the wafer size statement and kind of talk about the non-leading-edge investments of our customers as well. This is a year where, again, the investment levels in 28-nanometer and above for example are significant. And so, in the kind of so-called trailing-edge technology nodes and even 200-millimeter wafer fabs, as Doug said, we're engaged with a lot of fabs around the world, hundreds of fabs around the world. And we're engaged in every active wafer size and technology node, and certainly in the scheme of IoT road maps particularly in the broad set of systems integration that is now kind of the reality for the semiconductor industry that the full spectrum of devices, the full spectrum of wafer sizes continues to be the focus for, as I said before, truly optimizing the value we deliver to customers and truly optimizing the value we create for our shareholders. That's another kind of version frankly of harnessing full value from the company and natural technology extension, bringing kind of expertise and wisdom that we've developed in 300 mm and making it available wherever we can.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, and Tom, just to add on, as IoT takes off and these analog-y sense-y kind of devices proliferate, the trailing edge is going to be more and more important over time. So, not necessarily just 200 mm as Martin pointed out, but trailing edge capacity between 200 mm and 300 mm is something we're certainly very focused on.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great. And then a follow-up, we're starting to hear a little bit more about some domestic OEM semi-cap players as well. Is there anything that changes the landscape as far as the competitive front goes?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: I'm not sure I understood the question, Tom, domestic OEM...
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Just some Chinese domestic players.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Oh, it's China.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I don't think there's a headline of significance. We obviously respect everybody that we get to compete with, and with rare exceptions, the players that exist in China today have been players that have been there for some years. And we wish them well, but we do our best to excel in the markets worldwide including China. So, nothing new to articulate today.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. We're pretty good at doing what we do, Tom. We spend $1 billion in R&D. So it's hard to compete with that level of scale. Not that, as Martin pointed out, we're not paying attention to everybody and paranoid about everybody, but it's hard to do the stuff that we're doing.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Oh, thanks for taking the question. The first was just an operational question, Martin, to follow up on a point that you made that the company is getting to a $10 billion in annual shipment level, and congratulations on that milestone. The growth from $5 billion to $10 billion has been very fast, and the company's managed that very efficiently. As you look at the next leg of growth for Lam, what are the biggest challenges to maintaining the same level efficiency that you've had from $5 billion to $10 billion to whether it's $12 billion or $14 billion in shipments?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, the gray hair transition for me is done. So, now it's about losing hair, I guess, for the next transition.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: So, you get a little lighter.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: And I'm taking care of that for you, Martin.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: So, frankly speaking, I appreciate your recognition, number one, and your statement about efficiency, it's really hard to scale the company at the pace we are over a multiple year period. And I'll speak again to the employees and the suppliers and the customers quite frankly doing partnership kind of make all of this possible. We take pride in the business model. It's a business model that has been in place for as long as I've been in the company, which is now 16 years I think. And business model flexibility in investing to create kind of capability and capacity to respond to uncertainty in the industry holistically is kind of what our focus is. And the three elements of that you've really got to kind of deal with in terms of variability are kind of factory, supply chain, and service. And what you do in parallel is make sure you never compromise your investment in fundamental research and never compromise your investment in concept and feasibility and product pipeline because that must kind of exist under any conditions if you're going to take seriously owning kind of long-term success to your company.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for that color. The follow-up is for Doug. Doug, you mentioned that you'll be working through the ASR, what are the priorities for cash and cash return beyond share repurchase under the existing program?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. So, what I said maybe not very clearly is we're about 70% through the current buyback authorization. We authorized $1 billion and announced it at our Analyst Day back in November. And I'll remind you at that point, we meaningfully grew the dividend as well. I mean, I would expect to give you a more definitive update when we get to that November Analyst Day. We're going to keep chugging along the current authorization, and it likely will be close to completion in the November timeframe probably, and at that point, I'll be ready to give you a more definitive future what the next leg of this looks like, but it's likely going to be a continued commitment to a meaningful return of capital to shareholders, how and what, in what amount, I'm going to save for November.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Martin, if I look at your guidance here, you're probably around like $41 billion WFE run rate, couple of your peers at Semicon talked about $40 billion to $45 billion as kind of the new baseline for wafer fab equipment spending, understand you guys are positive on next year, would love to get your thoughts if $40 billion is kind of the new baseline for the next three years?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, I think as kind of Doug said in a conference kind of mid-quarter, we don't kind of not align to the types of statements being made broadly in the industry. We don't have kind of rationale to deliver you a different message. So, a number beginning with 4 is a reasonable kind of proxy. I think at the end of the day, sustainability is defined by two things. It's defined by the legitimacy and sustainability of demand, and we see a world of tremendous innovation in software and applications, which is enabled by silicon. And something really special happened in the last several years, and the special was the world of connectivity in cloud and advanced computation kind of showed up at the same time. And so, there's, I mean, a tremendous amount of excitement around that opportunity. And it's much more difficult for us sort of forecast because it's not one device now, it's many. And it's not a unit conversation, it's a content conversation, but that's kind of the nature of the beast. So, when we look at the most fundamental part of answering your question demand, we feel very good about it, very excited about that opportunity. The second part of this is all about kind of discipline and balance between supply and demand, and every indicator we have, whether it's supply and demand, statements from a modeling point of view, whether it's ASPs, whether it's inventory levels, whether it's reuse strategies, whatever it is. I mean, the datapoints that we look to continue to suggest much more discipline than not. And so, in the context of what I just described, with the assumption about stable units, an assumption about kind of continued content expansion, an assumption about the legitimacy of our China investments, we feel like there's sustainability to the types of spending levels that we're seeing right now. So, our view is, this is not an aberration. I'm sure it goes up and down along this journey, and we've all got a lot to learn, but it feels quite fundamental from the seats that we have in the semiconductor ecosystem.
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Okay. Very helpful, and as a follow-up, in the past, you guys have provided 3D NAND shipped wafer capacity, can you tell us a number for exiting this year?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I'm not going to tell you a precise number, because I don't think it's that much different than what we said before. It's clearly a little higher. But the fundamental headline, which is the one that I really care about, is the opportunity for sustainability of investment that comes from content, and there's some great content messages. And by the end of this year, to the best of our knowledge, about half of the installed base will be 3D device capable in various forms. So there's kind of three or four forms of 3D capacity, and there's a great technology road map with demand, and so that the opportunity is kind of a multiple year opportunity.
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Atif.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. I have two questions as well, I guess. Maybe just starting on the NAND side, and understand the secular growth narrative that you guys have, I totally get that part. But I'm curious, as you think about the next few quarters there with all the 3D NAND supply that's getting on board, do you see a pause that occurs there, especially in the early part of next year as some of those capacity gets digested? And if 2018 is more conversions, less greenfield, does that have any ramification for Lam?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, on the last part of the question, the kind of greenfield versus conversion, there's almost no implications for Lam. We articulated a reasonably agnostic view of that in our Analyst Meeting. Relative to pauses, I think the industry now collectively, the actions of our customers and the action of their supply chain is now sufficiently fast. But the disconnects are kind of sometimes not even noticeable, and they're much faster than they ever were. So, are there going to be ebbs and flows of investments? Always, but I think much less wild swings than was through in our history. And I guess that's the kind of variability versus cyclicality conversations that we've had a number of times. So maybe there's pauses and accelerations, but the customers will do the right thing. They'll make investment when they have demands to support, and as a supply chain, we're running cycle times today that are fast enough that were collectively responding pretty well to their needs.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And I guess, if I can just follow up, at the Analyst Day, I think you guys laid out a financial model that talked about  I don't know  25%, 26% op margins, $10 to $11 EPS power, 2019-2020 timeframe, right? So far in 2017, at the end of this year, so you seem to be closer to $12 EPS run rate. So, should we think of Lam fundamentally during the high 20% operating margin and potentially higher if the WFE momentum sustains? If not, why should we think of margins coming down towards the mid 20%?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. The first thing I'd tell you is we'll give you new model when we get to the November Analyst Day, we're going to think through kind of investment levels and what that all looks like. If I were you trying to correlate those models to where we are today, I'd essentially run rate the previous model to level of spend you think is occurring this year. And when I do that back of the envelope map, we're probably, I don't know, a half to maybe a full percentage point on an op income above where those models would suggest, and whether we choose to spend a little bit more as we start looking at the numbers, I think we'll decide that as we go through it. But that's generally how I'd be thinking about it if I was you, Amit.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. Thank you for your time, guys.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Martin Anstice, at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Thank you very much. So, I'd just like to say a couple of things in closing of today's call. The first thing is to say thank you to those of you that were complementary about the performance of the company and kind of recognized the journey and the accomplishments, because a lot of people worked really hard to achieve that, which is my second comment. And I recognize I made this in prepared comments, but I'd like to do it again now. None of this would be possible without the commitment and support of all of our employees in every function, in every location around the world, and people are working extremely hard to scale the company in the way that we are, and I extend that thanks also to the supply chain community that makes this possible. And last but not least, to the really important stakeholder, the customer, because without the customer's partnership and support, we wouldn't be telling the story that we are. So, in closing, a big thank you to a lot of people, it's a privilege to be part of this company, and a privilege to have an opportunity to tell the story that we do. Thank you for your time, attention, and interest in Lam Research.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-04-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - VP of IR Martin Anstice - President and CEO Doug Bettinger - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Stephen Chin - UBS Bank Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse C.J. Muse - Evercore Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Atif Malik - Citi Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Romit Shaw - Nomura Investment Mehdi Hosseini - SIG
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Satya Kumar. Please go ahead, sir.
Satya Kumar: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the March 2017 quarter, and our outlook for the June 2017 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the Companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slide in the presentation for additional information. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up, so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you all for joining us today for our March 2017 quarterly earnings call. Stating the obvious, we are extremely pleased with the performance of the company that we reported and guided today. As challenging as it is to scale our company from an average calendar 16 quarterly output level by more than 40% which is the reality of our 2.4 billion recent quarter shipments. It is gratifying to see the results of our collective efforts. Our strategy of the developments of an increasingly critical and enabling products and services portfolio, our consistent execution across all functions of the company and last but not least the tremendous commitment of our employees and partners globally are all necessary components of a multi-year outperformance story. It is a privilege to lead this company and on behalf of the entire management team I would like to thank everybody that contributed, the very same people that are creating as we speak the next world of opportunity in our future. We delivered record financial results once again in the March quarter, with shipments and revenue above the midpoint of our guidance and non-GAAP EPS above the high-end of our guidance range. For all the reasons previously communicated and reinforced by our actual performance currently, we believe LAM is in an excellent position with our leadership and competency in etch, deposition, and clean product conservative to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing for many years to come. Turning to the broader industry environment, as stated already the momentum of investment levels in the segments that we participate is net positive. Capacity addition and technology conversion trends appear rational and strategic, both elements leading to a strengthened outlook for the calendar year. Since our last earnings call, expectations for the year have improved. We are now guiding a first half shipment stronger than previously anticipated, with a second half now slightly more balanced than the no better than 55/45 reference of the last earnings call and the optimism that we have for sustainable technology demand trends is further strengthened by well publicized plans throughout the electronics ecosystem. In short, silicon continues to sit at the very center of long-term electronics technology and applications innovation. That is the fundamental opportunity for our industry and specifically for Lam Research. Market trends and our initial modeling indicates continued strength of WFE in 2018 also. Memory company cash flows, memory unit pricing and the implied commentary on supply and demand balance are broadly well analyzed and reported at this point. We have no incremental perspective to share at this time. Demand continues to be strong for NAND in the SSD and embedded markets driving increased spending activity for NAND in 2017. We expect total 3D NAND shipped capacity at year-end to represent slightly more than the 50% of the installed base with a balance of Greenfield and conversion investments this year. In DRAM, we continue to anticipate double-digit growth in equipment spending in calendar 17 year-over-year, with investments being dominated by technology conversion. We now model a modest growth in foundry and logic spending combined as leading edge devices increasingly meet performance targets and adoption criteria for the broad range of advanced computation market needs. These additional investments are focused primarily at the 10-nanomter technology node this year. Overall, we believe calendar 17 wafer fabrication equipment spending and to a greater extent our SAM and our own business levels are all tracking positively against previously stated expectation. The intended headlines today for the company are clear we hope. We continue to invest in the positioning of enabling technology, products and services with benchmark level R&D funding approaching two thirds of our overall operating expenses in support of our customers plans and to build sustainable value for Lam Research. We are actively working to enhance the competitive differentiation momentum of five years of profitable growth averaging an 18% revenue CAGR, with calendar 17 expected to be our most significant revenue, profit and cash generation growth year yet this decade. With the anticipated business plans of our customers, their equipment selections already made, and the continued operational execution standard of LAM, we have every confidence in our industry outperformance potential long term. We have singular focus on our corporate strategy and vision that we consider compelling for all stakeholders. Specifically, we believe that our intuitive focus on customer trust and a collaborative culture, a flexible business model, and a result to invest strategically in our long term success with a commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders all combine to create a rewarding opportunity. Last but not least, we believe that the secular demand trends and outlook for the world of technology and electronic applications are more compelling than ever with the silicon roadmap and the role of Lam Research front and center. With that let me turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Martin. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today for our March 2017 quarterly earnings call. The March quarter represented a solid start to the calendar year. We delivered record levels of shipments, revenue, gross margin dollars, operating income dollars, and earnings per share. Each of these metrics grew double digits quarter over quarter. Financial performance was above the midpoint of guidance for all metrics, with operating margin and earnings per share above the high-end of the range we provided to you last quarter. Shipments for the quarter were strong at $2.413 billion which was up 25% sequentially and again above the midpoint of the guided range. Memory shipments were very strong in the quarter, as customers continued their investments in three 3D NAND capacity. Our customers are investing in new 3D wafers, they're converting planar to 3D and they're also embarking on 3D technology conversions to increase layer count. NAND demand continues to be strong driven by growth in enterprise and client SSDs as well as mobile device density increases. The combined memory segment represented 73% of total system level shipments and that compares with 61% in the prior quarter. Memory shipments were weighted heavily towards - excuse me, the nonvolatile segment which represented 50% of shipments in the March quarter compared with 37% in the prior quarter. DRAM shipments grew 24% sequentially in dollar terms and made up 23% of system shipments. DRAM shipments comprise 24% of system shipments in the December quarter. We're seeing an uptick in DRAM spending in line with improving demand in content growth from areas such as smartphones and servers. DRAM spending is largely focused on conversions with the majority being conversions to the 1x nanometer node. The foundry segment was flattish sequentially in dollar terms accounting for 24% of system shipments. Foundry spending was a combination of leading-edge 10 nanometer capacity, initial 7 nanometer pilot investments as well as continued spending at 28 nanometer and above with the latter being primarily focused in China. And finally the logic and other segment contributed 3% of system shipments. Revenue came in at $2.154 billion in the March quarter, which was up roughly 14% from the December quarter. Gross margin for the period came in 46.1% above the midpoint of our guidance. And as I've shared with you before, our gross margins are a function of a number of factors such as overall business volumes, product mix and customer concentration, so you will see variability quarter to quarter. And I just like to remind you that our financial model is still the best way to think about our ongoing profitability performance. Operating expenses in the quarter grew as we knew they would to $414 million. This compares to $384 million in the December quarter. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue decreased to 19% compared to 20% in the prior quarter. And as Martin pointed out, the majority of our OpEx spending continues to be allocated to funding our critical R&D programs. Operating income in the March quarter came in at $578 million and that compares to $490 million in the prior quarter. Operating margin was 26.9%, above the high end of the guided range. The tax rate for the quarter was 12% compared with 15% last quarter. The tax rate in the March quarter was favorably impacted by the release of tax liabilities from the conclusion of certain tax matters. Additionally, we had a reserve release related to the Novellus acquisition that is included in the GAAP results. The tax rate in the low-to-mid teens for the remainder of 2017 would be reasonable for you to use in your earnings models. Based on our share count of approximately 182 million shares, earnings per share for the March quarter totaled $2.80, above the guided range. This share count includes dilution on a non-GAAP basis from both the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes, with a total dilutive impact of about 16 million shares. And Ill remind you that dilution schedules for the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. This quarter we returned $213 million to our shareholders, $73 million in dividend distributions and $140 million in share repurchases. We took delivery of 1.2 million shares at an average price of $114.30. Weve completed approximately 20% of our current $1 billion share repurchase authorization and I'll let you know that we plan to initiate a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program in the June quarter. Now let me return to the balance sheet. We continue to have both a solid cash position and healthy cash generation. Cash and short-term investments including restricted cash increased modestly to $6.140 billion at the end of the quarter. Cash from operations was $423 million and that compares to $404 million in December. DSO held steady at 69 days in the March quarter, the same level as in December. Inventory turns were 4.2 which was up slightly from 4.1 in the prior quarter. This turns number is the highest we've achieved since we've combined LAM with Novellus. We exited the quarter with deferred revenues of $842 million, which was up from $673 million in December. This amount excludes $260 million in shipments to customers in Japan which will revenue in future quarters. These Japanese shipments are up from $129 million in the December quarter. And I'll just remind you that these Japanese shipments remain on our balance sheet as inventory carried at cost. And I'll just do the math for you. I'd like to point out that this combined deferred shipment bucket now stands at $1.1 billion and it grew 37% in the March quarter. I expect deferred revenue will grow again in the June quarter. Company noncash expenses for the quarter included the following; $35 million for equity comp, $38 million for amortization and $38 million for the depreciation. Capital expenditures were $44 million which was up from $37 million in the December quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately 8,600 regular full-time employees, which was up about 400 from the end of the December quarter. The increase in headcount was in support of our growing business levels primarily in the operations and field organizations. Additionally, we're bringing on board the talent required to execute on our forward looking R&D programs. Now looking ahead, Id like to provide you our guidance - for non-GAAP guidance for the June quarter. We're expecting another record shipment of $2.500 billion plus or minus $100 million. Were expecting record revenue of $2.300 billion plus or minus $100 million. Were forecasting gross margin of 46%, plus or minus 1 percentage point and we're forecasting operating margins of 27% plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally, were forecasting earnings per share of $3, plus or minus $0.12 based on a share count of approximately 180 million shares. We're obviously pleased with our performance this quarter and with the guidance we've just shared for the June quarter. Our business has never been stronger financially and we're continuing to execute extremely well. We're in the right place at the right time with the right products. We're partnering with our customers to enable the transitions happening within the industry today and we're making the investments required to sustain our business long term.  Operator that concludes my prepared remarks, Martin and I would now like open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Stephen Chin with UBS Bank.
Stephen Chin: My first question is just on your early outlook for the 2018 industry wafer fab equipment spending. Does 2018 appear to be another growth year for WFE because of indigenous China or is it just continued spend by incumbent than in foundry and memory logic? Thanks.
Martin Anstice: I think if I try to answer that definitively, I'd be a little bit misleading. I think that its still early days but based on the data points that we see today Stephen, we see sustainability in the context of the discipline of capital investments, the relative balance and stability between kind of supply and demand as best we can tell in the industry. And particularly on the last part of your question, the China story, the domestic China story at least we believe it's more of a calendar 18 investment than calendar 17. So really our comments are comments about discipline in capacity additions and what we think are pretty compelling and exciting, and sustainable long-term demand trends. At the end of the day if that plays out as it is more generally described today the investment will follow.
Stephen Chin: Just a quick follow-up on memory CapEx to sales trends. It sounds like memory fundamentals are healthy and historically we've seen memory industry have a CapEx to sales ratio of 30% to 35%. Do you think that CapEx to sales ratio is still a good sustainable scenario for the market or it's likely that CapEx to sales to go higher in light of the scalability issues with 3D NAND and slowing DRAM transition. Thanks.
Martin Anstice: Honestly Stephen, I've never been a really big fan of capital intensity ratios because I think it kind of whipsaws us around in terms of the analytics in any one quarter and the reality is the economics of an addition in new capacity is a very different economics than a conversion. We're pretty agnostic in the NAND space to how our customers execute those plans as we've previously described. And in terms of wafer starts, it looks to us like the investments of this year are kind of pretty balanced between Greenfield and conversion. So we look to the sustainability question more in terms of kind of balance of bit growth demand and our understanding of supply additions. And I think kind of the market generally is telling that story. So I don't really have anything to tell you that will cause the future to be very different from the past in terms of that particular metric.
Doug Bettinger: The only thing Id like to point out Stephen is obviously, you know what memory revenue is likely to be this year, it's super strong, right. And so youve always have to think about affordability and clearly the levels that are going on today are affordable given how strong revenue and memory is.
Operator: Moving onto to our next question, our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: I guess the first question, Doug is to you. Just looking out into the third calendar quarter, it looks like you guys said a little used words a little more balanced than what the 55/45 was, so maybe it sounds like second half shipments was down something like maybe 10% half on half. So that would sort of say 4.5 million shipments in the back half of the year. So maybe [indiscernible] in the third calendar quarter, is that like roughly the right math.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, I mean we're - Tim, as you know we guide one quarter at time, well give you a little bit of color which is what Martin did, when he said a little more balanced than the 55/45 and there's also reason I gave you the deferred revenue number, so you can think about how that likely transpires through the year. I'm not going to guide the third calendar quarter or the fourth, but I think we've given you enough to model it pretty closely.
Martin Anstice: Maybe just kind of two things to add quickly. I think our outlook today at least would cause us to believe that the December quarter is our weakest shipments quarter of the year, so that's kind of one extra data point. Another one is just kind of plain simple math of the disclosure that we've given, so the sum of our actual performance in our guidance today is the first half shipment of 4.9. You will I'm sure all make their own judgments about how much better the balance is than we previously described, but if you just use the math of 55/45 proxy than the shipments for the year is approximately $8.9 billion and in a ramping year the revenues lack the shipment. So I think those numbers are the ones that we're kind of intending you to embrace.
Timothy Arcuri: Then I just had a question about the deferred revenue balance, Doug, which you were talking about before. I mean, you guys are now up to about 1.7 months, if I look into June, youre going to have about 1.7 months if you add Japan plus the deferred, you know, the regular balance. And it starts to look a little like the old Lam sort of in terms of backlog, not the new short lead time Lam. Is there a dynamic there, maybe you're shifting more new products or there's something happening in NAND and sort of - can you help us understand what sort of catch-up we should see because obviously you're going to revenue a lot more than youll ship during the back-half of the year.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, it's pretty simple to think through this Tim, when you've got shipments that are growing the way we have the last several quarters, revenue almost always lags at growth and shipments. When shipments level off or if they were to decline sequentially, revenue will catch up, it's just a natural progression of the timing between with something shows up at the customer's dock and it gets into acceptance and revenue.
Doug Bettinger: But specifically is your question, Tim, as more kind of headline for us in terms of the timelines for ship to install and therefore acceptance of revenues. In any one quarter and you don't get to see this unfortunately, but the specific scheduling of shipments in any one week or any one day of any one month, I mean, that kind of jerks the ratios around. So there's is no real story here in terms of kind of changing dynamic of timeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho: First off, in terms of your comments about a more balanced 2017 between first half and second half, is there any one specific market segment that's driving this better balance or is it a confluence of all the markets you mentioned in your prepared remarks?
Martin Anstice: Well maybe Ill break that into two parts. So what changed for us between this earnings call and the last earnings call, if you look at kind of the expansion in the business that we've reported and we're anticipating approximately two-thirds of that is in NAND space and a third is in foundry logic. So that would at least tell you that - to the assumptions we made and disclosed previously there's no real headline in terms of DRAM. So that would be the first part of the maybe the most helpful part of answering you question. Maybe I'll stop there, did I get what you wanted?
Patrick Ho: Yes, actually thats very helpful Martin. And my follow-up question maybe for Doug, in terms of the ramp up of shipments you talked about, you kept your supply chain at really optimal levels with inventory and even AR. What are some of I guess the nuances or the tricks that youre keeping the supply chain as tight and efficient as it's been particularly as shipments continue to ramp up over these last few quarters?
Doug Bettinger: I mean its continued focus on just managing our remote factories, managing our own internal facilities, anticipating what we were going to need to be able to support at this point months and months ago and communicating that to our supply chain partners, Patrick. I mean it's operational excellence, the way Lam has always executed, just at a different scale here.
Martin Anstice: And just adding, I would say, honest hard work and when you hear us talk about our customer trust orientation, when you hear us talk about collaborative and partnership orientation that's pretty fundamental relative to sustaining your ability to perform and execute with the level of variability that is part of our business through the consolidation of our customers in the last several years. So our supply chain and our own factory and our field service engineers have done a tremendous job scaling in a very short period of time. And we continue to be proactive as proactive as we can be based on our visibility to ensure that investments are kind of made ahead of the need to support and service our customers. And competitively as best I can tell, we're doing just fine.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: I have two of them, the first one for Martin. You're NAND shipments are at record high and 3D NAND spending is robust. I'm just curious if the pricing for NAND rolls over, will the reality of economics weaken and the 3D NAND makers might scale back CapEx or do you think the demand is strong enough to continue investing in capacity. Then I have a follow up.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean I think you know one of our headlines obviously is there's a long way to go with the NAND story. And as I know you understand extremely well the economics of that device architecture are one of the most relevant parts to the penetration of SSDs and so on and so forth. So, I mean there's a positive for every negative. We see a long way to go, we see compelling demand drivers for that architecture and as we've described a number of times particularly in critical applications, the high volume manufacturing position of Lam in that inflection is outstanding. That's the best word that I could use to describe the position that we worked hard to achieve and sustain. So there's a long way to go and best we can tell, commitment to technology and sustainability to investment will go up and down along the way for sure, but long term, it feels pretty good.
Krish Sankar: Then a follow-up for Doug, Doug you mentioned in your comments that the headcount addition for new product development. Im kind of curious, is this because these new products youre developing, you don't have the core competency within Lam i.e. full wafer deposition or etch-related technologies and is it why you're hiring or am I just reading too much into it.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, youre reading too much into Krish. I mean, any time you're doing more this year than you did last year you need more people to execute that, that's the statement around R&D. The biggest area of increase in headcount though Krish is, operations as well as the field who are shipping product real time and installing it at the customers facility.
Martin Anstice: And maybe just to add to that, let's kind of go back to disclosure of the last earnings call, because there's two stories in the company, one of them is the story of creating a road map of products and technology that was relevant for inflections anticipating how those inflections would have a concentration of spending for etch and deposition particularly. The second part of it was building the competitiveness of the portfolio we have so we get a bigger share of it and we gave two very important headlines in the last earnings call. One of them was the statement about how our foundry business grows and we characterized the growth in our foundry business year-over-year 16, 15 of 40% compared to a 25% WFE reference and we also stated that in NAND, we grow shipments by 80% year-over-year almost twice as the rate of WFE growth. So the headcount of the company is a lifecycle statement. So you add headcount when you prepare to do that and you add headcounts when you're in the middle of doing it and to some extent through the lifetime in an installed base business, the tail will demand at certain points, adding additional headcounts for many years to come and that's a natural commentary on the evolution of the company.
Krish Sankar: Got you. Thats very helpful. Thanks guys and great execution.
Operator: And well move on to our next question. Our next question comes from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. I had a question in terms of the sustainability. The year on year growth that youve seen is quite impressive in the first half of this year. Now if I look back more recently since maybe 2010, the cyclicality of the business has gone down and that also implies that like year on year comparisons have not been that fair. So the fact that you're having too much growth right now, is that a concern in your mind in anyway and should that bring concerns of cyclicality back into the industry.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. In my opinion, no. I mean I might be wrong, but I think that there has been a fundamental transition in the industry as the supply chain is matured and as there's been concentration in the semiconductor industry. The traditional history of the industry was an over investment for many players and then a contraction. I think that's kind of long gone by virtue of scale and scope of the economics of the industry and the technical risks and opportunities to kind of go with it. But what is always still true is it's still difficult to predict and maybe increasingly so because there is no one kind of killer app or killer devices that diverse the demand drivers. Its more difficult to predict for our customers and therefore for us. There is some variability of spending and one element of our focus on competitive differentiation is business model flexibility and its not actually that easy to ramp the capacity of your company by 40% to an average baseline of prior year. I mean that's a lot of hard work. The variability and flexible business model is a critical part of the success of the company and hopefully that will be a long term statement of value for our shareholders.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks, Martin. And then one question on China. There's a lot of expectation around memory investment in China next year. The question I have for you is that from your perspective, has the visibility of memory projects changed for China for next and is that a part that you see for China memory investments next year without some foreign IP coming in to the picture.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I think I'd probably say the same thing today that I've said for a while now and there clearly seems to be conviction to a plan that looks rational in terms of its kind of fundamental business objectives and your ability to execute as a byproduct of two things, knowing how to make the devices you want to sell and then having the operational scale to pull it off and whether that comes from M&A or IP licensing or just the developments of organic know how, I think we will see over time as best we can tell, we still believe that the China memory investment conversation is more a calendar 18 story than calendar 17 story and just to give you a little bit more color on the calendar 18 kind of holistically, we're tracking about 10 new fabs next year and to our understanding of the investment plans in those fabs, more than 80% of the wafer start additions will be not in China. So that's another data point that hopefully allows you to triangulate a little more.
Operator: Well take our next question from C.J. Muse of Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, on the fact youve talked about service running at around 20% of revenues. As you clearly increased your installed base over the last couple of years, curious, has that increased and/or when could we see an acceleration for that part of your business?
Martin Anstice: Well, I think whether its accelerating enough, I'll let you decide. But at least for the last couple of years, we've had a pretty intense focus on broadening our work I would say to a customer. So advanced services agenda and a creative use of software, really employing strategies around machine learning and harnessing the data from the information that's available to us and to our customers in ways that create value, whether its productivity oriented or extendibility oriented, there's a number of very meaningful projects. The business has been growing faster than the pace of the installed base and it continues to do so this year. And I would say we would expect the momentum in kind of the 18 to be stronger than 17 on that point. But it takes some time right and you develop new products and services, there's no magic depending on swing. It takes a number of years to really demonstrate and deliver the value and have the customer convicted that transition makes sense for them.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And just as a follow up, when you think about the back half and I'm not asking for shipment guide, but as you think about mix and I think the takeaway from some of your comments earlier is that deferred revenues should help revenues exchange shipment from Q4. Curious how we should be thinking about gross margin trajectory in the second half?
Doug Bettinger: C.J., the guidance I gave you as you think to margin percentages, even though were maybe not exactly on the financial model, we provided to you the margin percentages in the financial model are still good guideposts if you will in terms of how to model our business. So Id encourage you to go back and have a look at what we shared with you in November there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and solid job on the quarterly execution. On your view on better foundry and logic spend, of that incremental spending improvement, does it include a bottoming out of the number of customers relative to your prior view and is the incremental spend more leading edge 10 and 7 or more follow through on legacy 28 nanometer.
Martin Anstice: Most of the increment was ten at least compared and contrasted with our comments of the last earnings call and I don't know that our expectations for broadening are any different today than they were then. We expected there to be a number of customers making those investments and it's kind of playing out that way. Maybe one of the things I could have actually added earlier and maybe Ill do it now, Harlan, is when we look at our first half, second half, we believe that the first half memory is stronger than the second half memory from a shipments point of view and logic foundry is stronger second half than first half. So that's our view of kind of wafer fabrication equipment spending balance in the first half, second half by segment.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insights there, Martin. And then on the strong memory shipment environment, what we're hearing probably the same thing you guys are is that DRAM and NAND suppliers are kind of hand to mouth right, in other words, the shipping whatever they can build even always in the seasonally weaker March quarter, so I guess my question is, are you sensing more urgency to drive accelerated node migrations Whether that 1X for DRAM or 64 layers for NAND, Im just wondering if we're going to see a step up in node migration cadence just given the industry supply constraints.
Martin Anstice: Interesting question. I don't know if I would articulate a cadence message. I mean clearly there's a commitment to technology in conversions in memory and DRAM this year and that was a big part of the increments year-over-year from a spending and overall performance of the company. But I still don't think we're modeling any more than 25% of the installed base at the 1X node by the end of this year. So thats a reference there and maybe there's a statement on cadence, but there's clearly momentum and ambition to 64 layer devices. But if you look at the installed base of 3D NAND capacity at the end of this year, there's still a pretty broad mix of 3D capacity, right. So not only is there the reality that approximately half of the NAND installed base is 3D capable, there is the dynamic that some proportion of that 3D capable device is 32 player device capable, some proportion is 48 and some proportion is 64. So there's a long way to go with the installed base and supply chain, independent of the demand story.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have a few questions. First is, there are some concerns that the second derivative of the 3D NAND wafer additions has peaked. Clearly, you had opportunity to gain share going from 2D to 3D, as you address the biggest portion of the market, but let's say the number of 3D NAND wafer addition next year is exactly the same as this year in 2018. How should we think about your revenue opportunity to NAND and technology or help you do better than what you did this year.
Martin Anstice: I have no idea. I mean its such a precise question with due respect. I mean, the complexity of the customers roadmap and spending, there are so many moving parts on that. I mean the best I can give you is that you got to take your own position on how much legitimate demand there is for 3D nonvolatile memory. We're pretty optimistic, but you make your own call on that. Whatever the level of demand that there is, Lam Research is going to perform better than the average equipment company maybe by a long way and that's the message we've tried to convey in terms of the criticality of etch and deposition in the device manufacturing process flow and it's the message that we try to articulate relative to critical applications, market share etch and dep at the 90% level. And it's the message that we've tried to articulate in terms of market share generally from plaintiffs to 3D which is almost a double digit gain in market share. So whatever it is, Lam Research is going to be a company in the mix of equipment companies that will be on the kind of upper end of the scale of performance as long as we keep executing in the ways that we have demonstrated in the last several years. I apologize I cant answer directly your question, but hopefully that context is helpful.
Sidney Ho: That's super helpful. Maybe switching to foundry and logic, in the past, you talked about yours and maybe in the dep etch clean opportunity goes up a lot every node, I think just comment on your share gains in this segment, but at the same time, TSMC, again, this is probably not new, but last week, they talked about the capital intensity probably stayed within pretty stable range over next few years. Can you help us square those comments and when its going up a lot and when its kind of flattish?
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I mean, obviously, the comments from any one customer are going to be WFE comments and the comments have come from the company, from us or segment specific, right. So our story is generally as you articulated in the microprocessor space. I think we've conveyed now for a couple of years a very different reality of engagement with the customer than was true five years ago and as I already noted again by repeating the disclosure of the last earnings call, our market share momentum in foundry has also been positive through the 10 nanometer and 7 nanometer transitions and all of that is true and supplemented by the fact that through the 10 and 7 and 5 nanometer technology roadmap, the proportion of SAM in etch and deposition systematically increases with the adoption of EUV thats I would say the consensus adoption assumptions and that's really a commentary on the progress that's been made in the economics of multi-patterning and it's a commentary on the insertion of EUR with a multi-patterning process flow and it's a commentary on probably 70% of multi-patterning integration schemes being spacer based. So there's a lot of kind of moving parts, but pretty positive story I think independent of the overarching statement that you've made and maybe one last point, logic and foundry are as invested as ever if not more so in utilizing their installed base and that will continue to be true for all of our customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hey, great. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the results. Martin, I had a question on 2018. I realize we're early here, but 
Martin Anstice: We lost you.
Satya Kumar: Operator, are you there?
Operator: I am. We will move on to our next question. The next question comes from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on good result and guide. Martin, you were a keynote speaker at SEMICON China in March, I Just wanted to know if you're confident in domestic Chinese spending based on discussions in China is higher about the same than what was three months ago.
Martin Anstice: It's about the same and I would say as a context, I'm a keynote speaker in SEMICON conferences all around the world. So I don't read too much into, I happened to show up in China. So we continue to believe there's substance to their ambition. We continue to believe they're working really hard and as is true for our customers globally, our job is to support as best we can and that's true for every customer wherever they are.
Atif Malik: Great. And then as a follow up, can you talk about the image sensor market? In your 37 billion plus WFE outlook, how big is the image sensor opportunity and what are the trends you're seeing in that market this year?
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I don't know Atif that we've quantified it specifically and I don't think we're going to today. What I would tell you directionally relative to last year is its stronger this year than it was last year, probably not as strong as it was the year before, but we're seeing nice momentum in image sensor and it's a very etch and deposition intensive process and our position is strong. Our share position is very strong. 
Operator: Well move on to our next question. Our next question comes from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Weston Twigg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, just wanted to ask about DRAM. You said your outlook hasn't changed much for this year yet, but I'm just wondering as you look out in to 2018, big growth is pretty hard to come by, are you expecting some of that positive view on 2018 to come from DRAM capacity expansion in fabs?
Martin Anstice: We're not assuming much of anything in terms of increased wafer stocks I would say in DRAM just as a general modeling statement and I'd say that for 18 as much as they would 17 and maybe even 20. I mean I think our long term model is basically kind of flat lined wafer stocks in DRAM. The spending is all about technology conversion. Generally speaking, the demand statement is all about content more than units of any one device and there are some really interesting kind of demand opportunities for our customers and clearly there are some rumors I would say at various points in time around speculating of increased investments if and when our customers start articulating that, then obviously we're well positioned than we would participate naturally in that as strongly as we have in our past.
Weston Twigg: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondarily, just looking ahead on 3D NAND scaling, youve talked about having good positions through 64 layer and trying to get good positioning for the 96 layer process, but just wondering if you're seeing a continued push for increased layer height from customers or if theyre finding the scaling challenges are limiting then, you'll see them sort of double up on string stacking doublings layers of 64 or 48 for example.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I mean I think the industry is at a still and customers specifically are still working through the answers to those questions. From a traditional scaling point of view, vertical scaling point of view, I mean we have customer engagements that extend beyond the 96 layer. So were actively working with customers of that layer count in its element environment and as is true, if a customer can continue the same integration scheme and same equipment selection and the same materials, theyll work really hard to do that. So I think if the solutions that exist technically work for people from a productivity point of view, then it's much more likely to be a continuation of the same trend. But the industry is just beginning its transition to 64 layer device architecture and there's a lot of learning ahead of the industry. So I see both scenarios potentially playing out with an overwhelming bias to stay with vertical scaling as an architectural choice just because it's the lowest risk path normally.
Operator: And we have another question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Yeah. Thanks. Hopefully, I don't get cut off this time. Martin, I had a question on 2018. I realize we're early here, but when you think about the multiple growth opportunities you're exposed to, what are you most excited about into 2018 and on the flip side, what do you worry about the most?
Martin Anstice: I'm really excited about where the electronics industry is generally. I mean, from my perspective, I don't know that in my 16 years of this industry and this company, I'd be more excited by the diversity of kind of innovation and opportunity for the silicon roadmap. I think it's just tremendous time. And if you're investing consistent with that opportunity, you've got a nice future ahead if you can kind of keep executing and solving very complex technical problems. So I'm really excited and that's a very holistic statement on some pretty compelling diverse -- device diverse application technology drivers that are relevant to cloud and enterprise and mass storage agendas as well as the advanced computation agenda that is necessary to really harness the value out of a connected world. So I mean that's the excitement for me. None of that can happen without a silicon roadmap. So that's pretty cool. What am I most worried about? I am not worried about that much if I'm honest with you in the long term. I mean you've got to keep executing and this is a hard industry. We have to work really hard to do what we do. So our focus and our intensity around operational execution is something that takes a lot of hard work. The macro is an unknown and uncontrollable and hence the focus on flexibility and variability in our business model and the technical challenges don't get easier, but I feel like the technical depth of our company is one of our strengths. 
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Great. And then I had a follow up on the logic business. I was a little bit surprised how low system shipments were in Q1 or the March quarter. In the past, youve talked about the CMOS image sensor business potentially picking up off of a low base in 2016 and you've also talked about some market share or potential market share gains in the microprocessor space going forward. So when should we expect the logic segment of your business to pick up meaningfully from a shipment and revenue perspective? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Ill give you a comment, Toshiya. I think March is probably the low point in terms of what the calendar year looks like from a system shipment standpoint in the logic and other, its going to strengthen through the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. In terms of NAND, I think you're talking about little bit of a higher percentage of wafers on 3D at year end. I think you said 700,000 before and now saying a little over half, which I think is north of 750. Is that incremental supply do you think or am I being too literal about that or is that sort of more conversion from plaintiff to 3D?
Martin Anstice: Actually, on the fly, I don't know that I know that there's a particular bias one way or the other. It was and continues to be at least in terms of wafer starts to pretty balanced year between kind of new greenfields and the conversion, maybe slightly more conversion, but it is pretty balanced. And certainly our expectations at the end of calendar 17 for shipped capacity in active qualification mode kind of similar to the level thats going into the year. So no real story in terms of supply and demand imbalance.
Joe Moore: Okay. And then where do you see the end point on that mix. You have these fully depreciated planar fabs, do you think there's a long tail on that capacity or will you see conversion to either 3D or to DRAM over time?
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I mean, the customers obviously are most qualified to answer that question. As best as I can tell, there was an intended conversion of the majority of the installed base over a period that runs probably four years from now. And that's without kind of the conversation around the secular demand trends and what that means for kind of bid growth and so on and so forth. So I believe if we're sitting here in four years time, there will still be some planar installed base, but it will be a minority.
Doug Bettinger: Will be very small, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shaw with Nomura Investment.
Romit Shaw: Yes. Thank you. Doug, I heard you just refer others back to the financial model from November. But back then, you had a basically a 2019, 2020 target of 26% operating margin on like 8.5 billion to 9.3 billion in revenue and this quarter, it looks like you're going to be run rating at the high end of that range and operating margin is going to come in per guidance at about 27%. So with all due respect, the model does feel a little bit stale and I guess my question is if we're to assume that LAM can get to 10 billion annualized at some point in the future, how do we think about operating margin?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Romit with all due respect, 27 and 26 isnt wildly different. So me guiding you back the model is a place that you ought to gravitate towards. I don't have a model out there that's a $10 billion model, Romit, but if there was one, it probably would be better profitability than the $9 billion model. There is leverage in the model. You've seen it from us as we've grown and I would expect that you would continue to see it if we were to grow beyond the high end of what I have out there right now.
Romit Shaw: Okay. The other question I had was just on the decision to do an accelerated buyback, just given the strong share performance and the potential for repatriation, can you guys just talk a little bit about timing here?
Doug Bettinger: When we announced the buyback, it was $1 billion program, $1 billion buyback over a 12 to 18 month timeframe. As we executed through it, I felt like getting into the June quarter, we needed to step up the pace a little bit to execute to what we said we're going to do and that's what we're doing and why we're doing a little bit more in June. And yet Romit, I wish I'd done it a quarter ago when the share price was lower, but hindsight's always 2020 with stuff like that.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Most of the questions have been asked. I have two follow ups. Going back to your Analyst Day presentation, specifically on 3D NAND, you were saying that the 96 layer 3D NAND should start being investment for 96 layer 3D NAND should start sometime in late 2018 early 2019. Should we expect another round of bakeoff for that particular node? And if that's the case, is that going to happen early 18 and I have a follow up?
Martin Anstice: Well I think the reality of frankly the entire industry, not just NAND is, if a customer can keep doing what they're doing which is a commentary on materials and device architecture and process flow and equipment selection, they have every interest to do that because that's where the learning is and these are hard problems and challenges. So that tends to, not that any one of us are isolated from the competitive realities of life. But once you have high volume manufacturing positions and you have a learning that other people do not, your positions are generally very strong. So there is nothing extraordinary about the 96 layer structure in terms of how the customer will sink through and select equipments and we have the strongest high volume manufacturing position in the segments of our industry. So it doesn't mean we dont have to work hard, because we do. But we feel confident about the future of the company and the trajectory of our performance we've described to you.
Mehdi Hosseini: And a quick follow-up for Doug, you have above $18 net cash per share, how much of that is onshore versus offshore and what are your plans for the cash that is offshore in case there's no change to taxation?
Doug Bettinger: Mehdi, we finished last quarter, I think it was probably about -- maybe a little bit about 30% onshore, so about 70% offshore. Whole question around tax reform and when or if or what have you obviously is very topical and feels like every day, it's a little bit different. We're very much taking a wait and see approach, now whether or not to be any tax reform, there's a variety of different ways you navigate through that. But I'm more encouraged today than ever that we're actually going to get something done.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. Mr. Kumar, I turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Satya Kumar: Yes. Thank you all for joining us and that concludes the conference call.
Operator: That does conclude todays presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin Anstice - President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Bettinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Atif Malik - Citigroup Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Bill Grinstead - Susquehanna International Group, LLP
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2016 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Satya Kumar: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the December 2016 quarter, our outlook for the March 2017 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slide in the presentation for additional information. During discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up, so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Satya. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Well first start with an overview of our December quarter results followed by comments on our 2016 performance milestones and their relevance to sustainable growth opportunities for the company. Lastly, well speak to the industry updates and their assumptions relative to wafer fab equipment spending in 2017. In December 2016, Lam delivered another record quarter, reporting all-time high shipments, revenues, profit dollars and EPS. All of which also exceeded the midpoints of our guidance range. That foundation and momentum reflects itself in our March quarter guidance, where shipments and revenue both exceed $2 billion for the first time in our history. We are inspired by the opportunity to support the success of our customers and for Lam to continue its trajectory of multiyear outperformance again in 2017. But first, let me take a moment to reflect on 2016, the fifth consecutive year of growth and outperformance for Lam with a shipments CAGR of almost 20% over that period. In the year, we grew our shipments to a record $6.7 billion, two times faster than the 5% increase in WFE that we estimate occurred. We consider this relative outperformance as well as a further solidifying of our share of WFE as noteworthy, especially in the context of a meaningful decline in DRAM investments last year. Customer segment mix will be better for us in 2017 than was true in 2016 we believe. As we establish new record results, it is important to recognize the demonstrated quality of our earnings, because our focus remains on delivering sustainable profitable growth. This is particularly true in the context of the balance we described at our Analyst Day between the various business segments of multi-patterning, 3D non-volatile memory, packaging and installed base service. Lam has strengthened its momentum in foundry and logic with significant application share gains from the 2016 [ph] nodes to the 10 and 7 nanometer nodes. As an example, during the quarter we more than doubled our installed base for our production proven Atomic Layer Etch system for logic self-aligned contact application with our dielectric etch product and mixed mode pulsing technology. Application share wins such as this helped us grow our foundry shipments 15 percentage points faster than foundry WSE growth of 25% last year. Said differently, the foundry business segment for Lam Research grew 40% in 2016 year over year. Turning 3D NAND, which has emerged as one of the strongest growth opportunities for the semiconductor industry, we grew our NAND shipments by over 80% in 2016, almost twice the rate of growth in NANDs WFE. This record growth was made possible, because Lams product portfolio addresses a variety of critical applications in the manufacture of this device architecture. We shared with you previously that our revenue opportunity increases by approximately 50% per incremental bit of capacity added for 3D NAND compared to planar technology. Perhaps unique to Lam, our opportunity is relatively agnostic to whether the incremental bit capacity is added by new greenfield wafer capacity or through conversions and upgrades, which means that in a conversion driven world our opportunity to outperform remains significant. Most importantly, we continued our market share momentum in 3D NAND and other non-volatile memory derivatives by defending 100% of critical applications and by adding additional applications for staircase etch and atomic layer deposition for advanced memory, and 64-layer selections, which will ramp in 2017. Specifically in atomic layer deposition, we continue to expand the number of applications with several key penetrations at multiple memory and logic customers. While we are very happy with what we accomplished and delivered in 2016, we are committed to the success of our customers long-term and are enthusiastic about the multi-year growth opportunity ahead. As we said at our Analyst Day, the industry is clearly now more than Moore as powerful demand drivers in the form of cloud, mobility and connected devices create new challenges that we are well positioned to help our customers address. Important to catalyzing on the opportunities ahead is the fact that we have the right products at the right time to help our customers enable this industry transformation. This multiyear product positioning by Lam creates sustained outperformance opportunity, central to which is our technical competency and capability, and the trust our customers place in delivery of technology in a form that contributes to their success. Complementing the customer engagement momentum achieved through technology innovation is the capability of Lam manufacturing, supply chain and customer support organizations. Our largely U.S. based manufacturing organization once again delivered record factory output for the December quarter, managing and ramping a complex global supply chain and our own manufacturing capacity both. The flexible business model of Lam and the commitments to invest in our future has enabled, consistent with our guidance today, scaling of the company by more than 40% in the March 2017 quarter from the average shipments level in calendar 2016 of slightly less than $1.7 billion. Record systems shipped means record systems installed and supported, and here once again our global customer organization affected accelerated production ramps across multiple sites throughout the world. Our focus is on supporting the time-to-market needs of our customers. Rounding out the overall value proposition to our customers is the service capability provided by our customer support business group, a value proposition that has increasing emphasis, particularly in the context of IoT. This component of our business reported the fifth consecutive year of growth and has more than doubled in revenues over the last five years. Simply stated, our focus is on improving the technology and productivity of our 40,000 plus process modules in the installed base through innovative product, upgrade and service offerings, in turn increasing the competitiveness of our underlying etch deposition and clean systems capabilities. Now, turning to the overall equipment spending trends of 2016 and our expectations for 2017, WFE investments in 2016 ended a little over $34 billion, essentially unchanged from our prior views. We are in a data-centric world characterized by the cloud and connected devices, which we believe is driving a multiyear growth trajectory for semiconductor contents across a number of electronic devices. As a result, we are seeing our customers increase their WFE investments to capture these opportunities. We remain optimistic on the potential for global economic stability and growth, without exception our key indicators or models more positive in calendar 2017 than for calendar 2016. In 2017, we expect the following trends. DRAM supply and demand balance has tightened significantly in the second half of 2016 due to strong ends demand, and depletion of inventories generally. We expect continued tight supply and demand in 2017 as investments recovers from the extremely low levels of 2016. We continue to see multiple demand drivers for DRAM. On the consumer side, the migration to 8-gigabit die densities enabled by the transition to 20 and 1x nanometer DRAM combined with increasing use of advanced processes is enabling exciting new application such as VR and 4K gaming, also sustaining healthy DRAM content growth in mobile and the PC. On the enterprise side, the migration to 40 nanometer server processes with new architectures including increasing attach rate of hardware accelerators and new high bandwidth memory interfaces are driving significance DRAM content. As a result of these favorable supply and demand dynamics, we expect to see a double-digit recovery in DRAM spending in 2017, still largely focused on conversions with approximately a quarter of the industry capacity converted to 1x node by the end of calendar 2017. This is a commentary on increased investments with continued discipline relative to our expectations for supply and demand balance. We expect NAND CapEx to once again grow double-digits in 2017 with more than 700,000 wafer starts per month of 3D NAND shift capacity expected by the end of 2017, representing less than half of the total NAND wafer capacity for the industry, we expect at that time. While there is continued focus on where we are in the conversion from 2D to 3D, we believe the industry is in a much earlier stage on the broader transition to solid state storage. As an example the average NAND content in a smartphone was only about 25 gigabytes in 2016, a tenth of the levels for high-end flagship models. The transition from 128 to 256 gigabyte for PC SSDs with line-of-sights of 512 gigabyte reaching cost parity with hard drives is increasingly a consensus view. In the data center, high density SSDs are playing a pivotal role to usher in new architectures. Consistent with headlines of our recent analyst meeting this is a world of increasing content. Combined these trends are on track to drive significant growth in revenues for our memory customers. We expect memory industry WFE in the high teen billion dollars with growth representing stable capital intend to the in 2017 year-over-year. We expect foundry and logic investments to be flattish in 2017 characterized by investments primarily in new 10 and 7 nanometer capacity for leading edge processes for both mobile and compute applications. Approximately a quarter of the foundry industry capacity we anticipate will be at the 20 nanometer and below nodes by end of 2017. Matching capacity in aggregates that is equivalent to the 28 nanometer node. Coincidence with this leading edge spending, we see meaningful investment of the 28 and 40 nanometer nodes for various types of sensors and communication chips for mobile and IoT applications again this year. Overall we thing WFE is likely to grow mid to high single digits in 2017 to the mid $37 billion level plus or minus $2 billion. Consistent with our prior commentary at this time we expect investments by domestic China memory companies more a 2018 story than 2017. We remain optimistic about the focus on global supply and demand, and disciplined investment by all. In closing, let me take a moment to acknowledge the hard work and contributions of our global employees, and the supports of our customers without which our past, present and future would not be possible. We are positive on long-term semiconductor growth and for 2017 specifically. From our comments again today, I hope it is clear that we believe Lam is unmatched in its positioning and opportunity relative to market and technology transition. With that, let me turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today and what I know is a busy earnings day. We ended the calendar year was strong performance for the December quarter exceeding the midpoint of our guidance and all financial metrics. We delivered record levels for shipments revenue, operating income dollars, and earnings per share both through the December quarter as well as for the calendar year 2016, again demonstrating the companys ability to grow the business at a pace that is materially faster than WFE as a whole. So we dive more deeply in December quarter, momentum in our shipments continued totaling $1,923 million, which was up approximately 13% compared to the September quarter and was at the high end of our guided range. Shipments for the combined memory segment came in at 61% of system shipments, which was up from 56% in the September quarter. Non-volatile memory shipments made up 37% of the system shipments, which was down a little bit from 43% in the prior quarter. Customers are committed to their technology roadmaps investing in the vision of economically scaling the technology in step with increasing product performance. As we share during our Analyst Day in November, this is an exciting time for the segment to the market, with 3D NAND possibly the largest growth driver in the industry. Were pleased with our leadership in 3D NAND, in particular with our strong position in the most critical applications like the channel whole edge, the mold stack and the word line fill. DRAM shipments grew 24% of total system shipments compared to 13% in the prior quarter. But the tightening of the supply demand balance in the DRAM segment, customers increase their investments in the December quarter. Content growth in areas such as servers and smartphones, have contributed to a burn down of inventory and corresponding upward movement in DRAM prices. The foundry segment remained strong at 31% of system shipments in the December quarter, which was down slightly in absolute dollars from the record level we saw in the September quarter. Foundry spend was focused primarily on 10 nanometer. As Martin mentioned, weve made some significant market share gains in the foundry and logic space as our customers are migrating to smaller geometries and implementing more challenging architectures. And finally, the logic and other segment contributed 8% of system shipments, which was flat with the September quarter. December quarter revenues were $1,882 million, which was up 15% compared to the prior quarter. Gross margin improved to 46.4%, which was up 120 basis points from the 45.2% in the September quarter. This was primarily due to business volumes, product and customer mix. And as I always mentioned, you should expect to see some quarter-to-quarter variability in gross margin, the multiple factors such as product mix, customer concentration overall business volumes. And I remind you that our financial model continues to be the right tool for you to use to build your own models, and to think about our ongoing financial performance. Operating expenses came in at $384 million for the quarter, which was up from $372 million in the September quarter. OpEx decreased to about 20% of revenue in the quarter compared to 23% in the prior quarter. Spending allocated R&D was about 64% of total spending in the December quarter, up from 63% in September. You should expect to see more variability in our quarterly spending in 2017 and historically as weve changed our methodology and how we record variable compensation to better align the expense with the quarterly profitability. Operating profitability was very strong in the quarter; we generated operating income of $490 million, which was an increase of 34% compared to the $366 million that we generated in September quarter. Operating margin increased to 26%, which was up from 22.4% in the prior quarter, driven by the higher revenue and then improvement in gross margin. The December quarter tax rate came in at about 15%, which was higher than roughly 12% rate last quarter and in line with our expectations. A rate in the middle teens would be a reasonable number for you to use in your modeling for the March quarter as well as 2017. Based on a share count of approximately 181 million shares earnings per share for the September quarter were $2.24. The share count includes dilution from both the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes with a total dilutive impact of about 16 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. And I just remind you, dilution schedules for the remaining convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. We returned $0.30 per share for a total of $48 million in dividend distributions to our shareholders in the quarter. At our analyst meeting in November, we announced an increase in the dividend level to $0.45 per share. The first distribution at the new level was paid out earlier in the month of January. In addition, we initiated purchases under our $1 billion board authorized share repurchase program, which was also announced at our analyst event. In the December quarter, we spent $65 million and took delivery of approximately 619,000 shares at an average share price of $105 per share. Let me now take you through the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $6.089 billion in cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet. The cash remains approximately 40% onshore and 60% offshore. During the quarter, we redeemed the $600 million 2023 senior notes and the $1 billion 2026 senior notes under the special mandatory redemption provision of those notes. Cash generation for the company continues to be healthy. In the December quarter, we generated $404 million in cash from operations. In the December quarter, days sales outstanding improved to 69 days from 72 days. Inventory turns also improved from 3.9 to 4.1 times. We exited the December quarter with a deferred revenue balance of $673 million, down a little bit from $704 million in the September quarter. That number excludes approximately $129 million from shipments to customers in Japan. This number is up from $65 million last quarter. Id like to remind you that those Japanese shipments remained as inventory carried across on the balance sheet and will convert to revenue in future quarters. I do expect to see deferred revenue grow again in the March quarter. Company non-cash expenses during the quarter included the following: $32 million for equity compensation, $39 million for amortization, and $39 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $37 million, which is down a little bit from the $42 million that we spent in the September quarter. We exited the quarter with approximately 8,200 regular full-time employees. Headcount additions were targeted at supporting increased business levels and customer ramps. Let me now turn to our outlook for the March quarter. Id like to provide with our non-GAAP guidance. Were expecting record shipments of $2.350 billion plus or minus $75 million. We expect record revenues of $2.125 billion plus or minus $75 million. We expect gross margin of 45.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point. Gross margin is down somewhat from the previous quarter due to business mix. Forecasting operating margins of 25.5% plus or minus 1 percentage point. Spending is up in the forecast due to profit depended expenses and payroll related taxes in addition to new R&D investments. And finally, we forecast record earnings per share of $2.55 plus or minus $0.10 based on a share count of approximately 180 million shares. So in closing, were very pleased with our performance in the December quarter, as well as calendar year 2016 and the milestones we achieved throughout the year. Looking ahead, we remain committed to our objective of creating value for shareholders and to successfully executing on the growth opportunities ahead of us. We continue to expect 2017 will be a first-half weighted year with shipments more first-half weighted than revenue. Also, as we sit here today relative to the June quarter, were expecting June shipments that are roughly in line with what were seeing for March. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Martin and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much. So, I guess, Doug, the first question I have is as you look, I mean, obviously you have some concentration issues in March, but do you think that the concentration is going to get a little better or a bit more favorable as you look out to June and the shipments are basically flat?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, it might, Tim, but as always remind you, keep in mind the financial model when you model things. Were right in the sweet-spot of where we should be relative to that financial model relative to operating income percentage, and gross margin and spending obviously both go into that number. But were kind of where we should be is how I think about it. Therell always be puts and takes around it as youve seen over the last couple of years.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. And then I guess just a question, you guys are doing a great job, I mean there is no question about that. Everybody can get that. But I guess, as you think strategically, Martin, as youre looking out a couple of years, KLA would have been great, but it didnt happen. So as you think about sort of making hay when the sun shines right now and how you want to remake the company for the next couple of years, is display something thats interesting to you, given that weve seen very early in that cycle? Is there any technology you can bring to bear maybe in that vertical? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Well, probably the most important thing to say in response to that question, Tim, and I appreciate your comments about the force [ph] of the company, thank you, is that actually there is no need to kind of remake the company. I mean, that we are not sitting here as the leadership team feeling encumbered with that responsibility for several reasons. The first reason is the company is performing very well. The second reason is, in the context of how we expect the market to evolve in the next several years, in the context of these secular demand drivers for the semiconductor industry more broadly, the KLA-Tencor conversation for the company was leveraging a position of strength. And thats the position of strength that we expect to continue for number of years. So I feel like weve got a tremendous opportunity with the product portfolio in the markets that we currently occupy. As we touched upon, albeit briefly, in the analyst meeting, we have attention always to capital redistribution conversations. We have attention always to adjacent market growth opportunities. And that strategic dialogue has always been active and will continue to be active. But I feel like, even if we took no action relative to product to markets, the story of the company in the next several years is going to be a story of outperformance, if we continue to execute in the way that we have.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first question is sustainability in longer stronger cycle kind of question. And, I guess, within that perhaps if we could just focus on the NAND side. So curious, how do you think about, and I know you put up the $50 billion number, but how do you think about perhaps a world where there is more conversions next year as opposed to greenfield, and your exposure to both; and whether or not the strong level of spend in NAND that we are seeing today can continue into calendar 2018 and beyond?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, C.J. its a very good question. Thank you. So a couple of things to say and maybe Ill kind of like step up a little bit from the NAND dialogue here just to give a little bit of context. So in our prepared comments today, Doug, specifically called out an expectation that shipments in the June quarter would be somewhat similar to shipments in the March quarter. Weve talked about a couple of times now on expectations that this is a WFE year that has a bias more to the first-half than the second-half. And well see where the year ends out. But if you ask me today what I expect the balance to be in terms of shipments and WFE, its hard for us to see today at an industry level and the company level a better balance in shipments, and WFE than 55/45 first-half/second-half. And the NAND flash segment is one of the segments thats a little bit more acute from that in terms of first-half bias, in large part simply a byproduct of the timing of customer investment decisions and not every NAND flash customer in the world is biased to first-half investments. But the sum of all of the market as best we understand it today is slightly more first-half concentrated than the overall 55/45 reference I just gave you for the industry. So in answer more specifically to your question, we clearly take a position that the secular trends, the multitude of demand drivers the SSD roadmap that our customers are invested in, is a multiyear and a long-term reality. And weve articulated, I hope the substance of the positioning of Lam Research in the mix of enabling that, and the etch and the deposition portfolios of the company get stronger. And they are relevant, if not, more relevant today than they were a month or two ago relative to the future of our customers. So as we think about the question, I would say, 3D NAND is clearly a very strategic investment, number one. Number two, there is a multitude of demand drivers that are very well established and legitimate I think for our customers. We do see discipline and the timing is really just a byproduct of individual choices for investment for our customers. We expect to end the year with less capacity in qualification than when we started the year, which maybe is another commentary on discipline. And maybe most important of them all, the capital intensity conversation is really unchanged year over year, which I think is positive for the industry. And in addition to last comment, the investment plans for the industry to transition to 3D in our models would cause us to end this year with less than half the installed base 3D capable, so multiple year investment for demand and technology roadmap drivers.
C.J. Muse: Thats very helpful. If I could just ask a quick follow-up, I guess, Doug, as we look at deferred revs including Japan growing again, and shipments being more first-half oriented is there sort of a dollar figure we should be thinking about, where revenues will surpass shipments for all of calendar 2017?
Doug Bettinger: Im not going to give you a dollar number, C.J., but Ill remind you, the way to think about it is when youve got an accelerating shipment profile like weve had you always get revenue lags as it just takes time to get things into the fab and they accepted. And when youre seeing a guide in March where revenue again is lagging shipments and so I accept deferred revenue will build in March. What happens when shipments level off or if they in one quarter might go down a little bit, then revenue will catch up. Over time it all normalizes and its going to be the same numbers, right? Its just a matter of the rate of change, a second derivative if you will of whats going on there.
Martin Anstice: Maybe last point to add on that, if you take a long-term model, which Doug has already said, is the guidance we can give you always for modeling the financials of the company. If you look at the stated revenue model for the company, in the 2017/2018 timeframe at a $35 billion WFE, implied by that model and our statements today around WFE expectations for 2017, which cause you to conclude that a revenue level for the company in the $8 billion range is a reasonable stake in the ground. Now, that is obviously not a forecast, its not guidance. Its kind of triangulating around the disclosure of the company. And if WFE turns out in the way that weve articulated today, we would expect an $8 billion reference for revenues as a legitimate framework for modeling the company.
Doug Bettinger: For calendar 2017.
Operator: Thank you. And well take our next question from Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Chin: Thanks. Hi, Martin, and nice results and guidance as well.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Steve.
Stephen Chin: Yes, I wanted to just follow-up on the DRAM view for 2017. Can you remind us of how much Lam has historically outperformed DRAM spends during these WFE upturns? Last year, I think you said, Lams NAND shipments outgrew the industry by 2X. Is DRAM something along the same lines as NAND outperformance?
Martin Anstice: I have to profess I dont know the exact off the top of my head. If we can get it by the end of this call well provide it. But needless to say, were in great shape in terms of kind of DRAM position. I mean, it has a dominant profile to it in terms of conversion spending and the segments of etch particularly is in the kind of top-end of the investments of the customer that are typically upgraded from node to the other. So there was a noticeable headwind for us last year because of a reduced spending. And that situation is very different this year. Now, all that said, in spite of the fact that we expect more investments in calendar 2017 in DRAM than 2016, we still expect the level of investments in DRAM in 2017 to be lower than the levels of 2015 and 2014, just as a proxy. And I think everybody understand pricing tells the story, and it tells the story really well right now in DRAM relative to supply and demand balance or even maybe constraint.
Stephen Chin: Okay. Thanks for sharing that, Martin. And then just a follow-up question on your view about domestic China being a 2018 opportunity as opposed to a 2017 opportunity, is your view that developing intellectual property is kind of the key hurdle rate for domestic China before they spend?
Martin Anstice: Well, I think maybe whats true role of us in the supply chain is - two things need to come together maybe at least two things need to come together to be successful. You have to have the money to fund investment. And you have to have the know-how the competency and the capability to execute, and reality is for all of us getting access to know-how competency and capability includes a broad range of incentives and technology licensing and acquisition can be one of them, but its not the only one. And so I would maybe, say, our view relative to China and to be very clear, I specifically called out China domestic memory is my message today, clearly there is a history and reality in the future of well-established domestic foundry investment in China as well as the participation of the global equipment, of the global semiconductor companies. So my comment was really focused on domestic China memory more 2018 to 2017, and money, and know-how competency and capability is what it takes for all of us in any part of the world to go execute.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for letting me ask a question, and congrats on the great results. My first question, Doug, is on the potential tax reform. You guys have a significant amount of your cash offshore; how should we think about your capital return, if there is a tax reform? Have you given any thought to it?
Doug Bettinger: You think about all time, Farhan, I mean the practical reality of it is until there is a definitive law out there that you can understand exactly what it requires and what are the laws you do, its hard to specifically answer the question. Obviously, if we get accessibility to worldwide cash without having tax penalty that creates a whole lot more flexibility for us to access the cash to do a variety of different things. Some of which might be capital return investment in the business, as Martin talked about adjacent M&A. We havent had any definitive conversation, because just too early right now and too much uncertainty. But stay tuned, were paying very close attention to it.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. And as a follow-up, I just had a question on the linearity of the year. You talked about March quarter and June quarter being significantly higher than December. Can you provide us some color on whats driving the incremental growth from December quarter to first half of the year? Is it foundry, or are you seeing more growth in other areas, as well? And is the linearity between first half and second half, if any different between different segments?
Doug Bettinger: Farhan, you heard Martin described kind of more first half weighted overall both WFE and shipments, and also describe NAND is maybe more first half weighted than the other stuff, so thats a data point for you. When we look at March as well as June, everything is pretty strong. Everything investments are recurring at leading edge, its NAND, its DRAM, its foundry logic, its hitting on all cylinders from my perspective I dont know, Martin, if you
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I would say maybe just to be very direct. Our shipments guidance today from March quarter assumes that there will be sequential growth across foundry, DRAM, and NAND. Next question, please.
Doug Bettinger: There you go. You got a follow-up, Farhan?
Operator: Okay. Weve got next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, and great job on the quarterly execution and outlook. At Analyst Day, I think you guys showed a slide deck China WFE spend would up this year. And I think the biggest component of that was the incremental growth coming from the domestic China programs. And so first of all, do you still see the spending landscape playing out this way for 2017. And I assume most of the domestic China spend is more 28 and 20 nanometer foundry and logic. Any insight to it would be appreciated.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, actually our China perspective today I feel is actually unchanged from the commentary of the analyst meeting. Clearly, there is an ambitious agenda. Our assumption is there is a greater investment in calendar 2017 in China. And the largest single component of that expansion year-over-year weve assumed is domestic, not international, and its logic foundry in focus.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Harlan Sur: And given your advanced equipment toolsets and process modules, Im assuming that its becoming more difficult for your customers not to be engaged in some sort of service and productivity engaging. And so, as it relates to your installed base business and I think last you gave us an update, its about 25% of your business. Youve been growing that at a stable double-digits CAGR, very accretive to the cash flow generation. So for calendar 2016, how much did your services business grow both revenues and operating profitability? And do you guys expect it to grow double-digits this calendar year?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, I mean, it grew consistent with our expectations. I cant remember off the top of my head whether it grew a little bit more in the equipment business or not. But it was roughly in line. Its still roughly a quarter of the companys overall business. And you got it right, its very cash generative, very profitable business, very broad-based in terms of the number of engagements and number of customers. And generally speaking that chart that Tim Archer showed you at the Analyst Day, were very much on track to deliver that, that growth that we had targeted and are targeting.
Martin Anstice: I think one of the reasons why we answer the question the way we do, Harlan, is because there are two value propositions of the customer service business group and one of them is the contribution to the company of profitable growth, which is the essence of your question. The second is the contribution to the company through the delivery of installed base performance that makes the underlying systems businesses of etch and deposition, clean more competitive and its more valuable to the customer and to the company. So thats how I think about the totality of value thats possible for the customer and the company, and so that the - the specificity of income statements by segment is not so relevant for us.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: And well take our next question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. And congrats again on the good execution, guys. Two quick questions; first one, I just want to ask the DRAM CapEx question a different way. If you look at the DRAM WFE spending last year and possibly this year, its going to be roughly half of the NAND WFE spend. Do you see that increasing for DRAM to go back to like the 2014/2015 levels or do you think conversions are going to be the norm this year and into next year that what youre going to see in DRAM WFE is more a bonds off the bottom or bonds at the really low levels of 2016? And then I had a follow-up.
Martin Anstice: Thank you for your comments there at the beginning. No, I think as I said a few minutes ago, our expectation is I wouldnt describe it as a bounce. Id describe it as a demand-driven investments by our customers. But the expectation is that the level of investments continues to be sustainable, continues to be disciplined. And were certainly modeling a level of investment for 2017 that is lower than the levels of investment that occurred in 2015 and 2016, but to your point, higher than 2016. So its probably a little early for us to get specific on segments at the WFE level, given were only in the first month of the year, but you should expect us to put more substance on that maybe in the next earnings call.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. Thanks for that, Martin. And then a follow-up, when do you expect the 3D NAND customers to move to 96 layer? And if you think thats going to happen next year and NAND WFE holds up at these levels, and then you add in China memory CapEx coming in from the domestics, do you think $40-billion-plus WFE is not way out of the range for next year? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, I - maybe its a little - Ill break your question into two parts. One of them is the kind of technology roadmap of the customer. And I think we dont actually have a tremendous amount of data points in terms of the pacing of 3D device architecture kind of scaling. As you know the end of last year and this year its really first year, where we have a broad participation by every semiconductor company in this space, in 3D device architecture. There is a roadmap thats a multiple node roadmap, I think we presented that in analyst meeting, I think our customers talk about having multiple steps beyond the 64-layer device. And we currently have a stake in the ground thats going to 18 months as a reasonable proxy, and obviously our R&D engagements run all the way through the roadmap of the customer for the next five years. So I think the answer to your economic question, investment levels is all a byproduct of momentum in the marketplace around this broad set of drivers and kind of momentum in terms of solid state drive technology. And Ive read a bunch of questions around yields of customers in this technology, and I think ironically investment is the commentary on confidence around yield, and I think ironically the creation of demand in the space is somehow related to economics. And so there is a momentum around creating legitimacy in the vision of the entire ecosystem, and economics, and scaling the devices central to that and we are here to do the best we can to support the vision of our customers.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my questions, and congratulations on results and guide. I want to go back to DRAM for a second. You talked about - you expect DRAM WFE to go up double-digits in 2017, but your customers suggest wafer capacity will be relatively unchanged from 2016. First of all, do you agree with that? And second, from your conversations with their customers, how much does capital increase - capital intensity increases at 18 nanometers or 1x nanometer, and do you think Lam would do better in that?
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I think, we have an opinion and its always plus or minus. We have an opinion that actual wafer starts capacity for DRAM is relatively constant through the year. So our view right now is no material change in capacity end of year 2017 compared to beginning of year 2017, the best color I can give you right now on capital intensity is that its dominated by a conversion based investments in DRAM, and we are not seeing a material positive or negative in the next several technology nodes around capital intensity. The position of the company is very strong, we have good share, and as to your earlier question, good SAM presence in the context of WFE. So I feel like weve positioned very nicely but certainly no expectations of capacity addition, and if capacity addition does occur, I have every confidence it will be demands driven.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. And then my follow-up is similarly on the NAND side. You guys talked about 3D NAND shipped or installed capacity going up to 700,000 or more by the end of this year, but one of your biggest customers is only guiding full-year for the industry and themselves to be around 30% range. Is that because capital intensity is a lot higher for 64 layers, or are yields a lot worse than what we expected? And when do you expect an inflection point where this relationship maybe reverse itself?
Martin Anstice: Maybe, I am not quite understanding your question. I will take a shot at giving you some color on it. I think the commitments of every customer to their technology is a statement on either actual yield or planned and realizable yields in the eyes and minds of the customer. I think there is enough discipline around all of us, but we make investments when we have confidence and we dont make them or not. So that would a kind of generic answer to your question and obviously the intensity, the investment levels at least of 64 layer device for more than 48 in the investment levels of 96, and more than 64. And the answer to your question in terms of capital intensity is going to be a byproduct to the pricing on the die when it comes off a wafer. And I think the customer is much better equipped to answer that than we are.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the solid execution. My first question is on EUV. I realize its only been a couple of months since your Analyst Day, but ASML, they continue to be pretty vocal about potential EUV deployment at the leading edge in a couple of years. But when you sit down with customers and discuss N plus 1, N plus 2 technologies, did you sense any change in your opportunity over the next couple of years or not so much?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean the disclosure from everybody privately and publically that we have access to causes me to say no change in the message of the analyst meeting. And to refresh, we articulated SAM expansion for Lam at 40% from the 2015 to 2016 timeframe through the 20. We are definitely an advocate of technology innovation like EUV as a contribution to extending the value of the entire semi-ecosystem. And were invested in contributing to the enablement of that to the extent that we can, so no real change the set of assumptions that we articulated in terms of number of passes, and the economics of that implementation for us. And I think importantly the market characterization between space based multi-patterning and litho-etch schemes. We communicated I think exactly the same headlines and messages today as we did in the analyst meeting.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, great. Thank you. And then Ive my follow-up, but I had a question on OpEx in to the June quarter, if I may. Doug, you talked about your OpEx number becoming more variable and dependent on profitability, I suppose in the quarter. If we assume revenue in June is kind of flattish relative to March, and gross margin is pretty stable. Is it fair to assume that your total OpEx numbers is also flattish relative to March or is it not that simple?
Doug Bettinger: Thats probably a reasonable assumption, Toshiya, yeah, its - thats not unreasonable.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Atif Malik with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question, and congratulations. Martin, your outlook of $37 billion WFE is a lot more bullish than the Street is thinking. Can you just talk about what will it take to get to the high end of that range and then in the low-end basically whats the swing factor?
Martin Anstice: What we - I guess, we have a $4 billion range on this - which is customary for us. So what does it take to be the high end of any range? It takes legitimate demand for semiconductor devices and the need to add capacity. I kind of - I go back to one of the core themes of the analyst meeting. This is no longer the world of a killer app nor one dominant device. And even that one dominant device that we talked about five years ago, I think by most peoples view is seeing a stabilizing, or decline, or maybe even potential for growth this year. This is a world of secular demands and a very diverse set of demand drivers, and I think our customers when I sit down where the customer today, the entire conversation is focused on time to market for them, and enabling their business strategies and competitiveness ambition to prevail. So I mean the simple answer is demand, if the vision of the customer and the industry, and the performance of the entire ecosystem deliver whats possible then we are in the multiple year period of expansion, and weve called out specifically what we think that means for our company.
Atif Malik: And its a follow-up for Doug, you had a product rationalization charges in the COG [ph] plan. Can you just talk about what those products or areas were?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I am not going to give you specificity is just investments we were making with an eye towards of penetration, two nodes from now that didnt end up come into fruition. And so we ended up with some assets that didnt have a forward useful life, so thats what that was, it was an investment that we decided we were no longer investing in.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Ho: Thank you. Id like to extend my congrats as well. Martin, first in terms of 3D NAND, a couple of years ago before this market really took off like it has today, you talked about some of the capital intensity trends, but you revise them higher over the last few analyst days. As the industry moves potentially to 96 and 128 layers in future years, is there the potential for increases in that capital intensity as well, or do you still feel very comfortable with the numbers you laid out at the most recent Analyst Day?
Martin Anstice: I guess, the amusing interpretation of that is, we are not so good at analytics, because it takes us a while to get it right. I feel like actually - and maybe its all about Satya joining the company that the analytics of the company are now perfect. Now, I actually think that we now have much more experience under our belts, right? I mean, to give us a little bit of credit, if you go back three to five years this was a concept and there was really only one customer in the world that was singularly committed to that device architecture. And collectively weve gone through an incredible learning about what it takes to manufacture that device architecture. And weve gone through an incredible learning relative to how the customers individually implement considering greenfield opportunities, conversion from planar to 3D and plain simple scaling of 3D capacity. So I feel like a knock on wood that the analytics presented at the analyst meeting are good for the next several years. But I am sure you will ask your question in a years time if I say something different.
Patrick Ho: I just want to make it clear. I didnt criticize your analytics.
Martin Anstice: Its okay, Patrick.
Patrick Ho: A follow-up question for you, Doug, in terms of the services business you talked about the growth aspects both on this call as well as the Analyst Day. Can you give some, I guess, tangible areas where youve improved the profitability? Is it what youre offering? Is it just internal cost reductions? Whats made services a more profitable business for you guys?
Doug Bettinger: I dont know if its necessarily more profitable year on year, Patrick. Its always been quite profitable. Its a great business, right? All the investment occurs in new equipment. It gets leveraged in installed base. It doesnt require a whole lot of investment. Its just - its a very profitable part of the business. But on a year-on-year basis I dont think its really more profitable necessarily.
Martin Anstice: I think there is a kind of macro trend that is very important to us as we think about the strategy for this business. And the macro trend is a trend for us at least of targeting by investment, the most valuable products and services for the customer. So there are two types of business you can have in the installed base space. You can sell spare parts and maintain equipment at one extreme. At another extreme, you can be all of that and also a provider of advanced services around installed base optimization, for example, or taking productivity improvements that youve embedded in latest generation leading-edge equipments and putting them back into a 28 nanometer space, for example. So advanced services and value creating products and services is our focus. And if were successful developing that capability, if we are successful having it competitive over time. I think there is a trend to higher profit opportunities. So that would be maybe another characterization for you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Amit Daryanani with RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Hey, thanks for taking my question. So it sounds like generally, you guys expect the first-half strength in WFE and shipment. Do you see any sub-segments of pockets of strength manifesting in the second-half of 2017 or do you see declines across all sub-segments?
Martin Anstice: No. We dont see decline across all segments. There is a - maybe I can go back to my earlier statements. It is only January, so we have a tremendous amount of adds and subtracts ahead of us by virtue of push and pull, and changes in the investment strategies of our customers. So please recognize that we are giving you the best we can, but I guarantee it will change. The best we can say today relative to first-half and second-half is exactly what I noted earlier. We dont expect a more balanced shipments and WFE year than 55/45. And as I added as a supplement the concentration to the first-half shipments in WFE for NAND, we believe is above that average. Now, everything I just said could change, but thats the best we got for you today in terms of first-half and second-half balance. The second thing that I try to provide some context to you for analytical purposes, that was a reference to revenues. And what I wanted to do there was to make sure that everybody interpreted the long-term stated financial models as we had intended. And so there was a long-term model that referenced revenues, not shipments, referenced revenues in the 2017 and 2018 calendar year timeframe with an assumption of $35 billion of WFE with revenues $7.25 billion to $8 billion. And what I said today is that, that we had intended that with that information you would derive approximately a $8 billion revenue reference to the assumptions of SAM concentration and WFE and share that weve communicated in the last several months including this earnings call.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you so much. And as a follow-up, when China begins to ramp in the 2018/2019 timeframe, what percent of revenue do you think you could see China achieving? And is it something like 20%, 30% and how long could that sustain for?
Martin Anstice: Wow, I really dont know that I have a basis to answer that question. I mean, there are so many moving parts. There is clearly a very strong ambition for investments and there are kind of stated numbers I think available to us all. And whether those numbers are investment dollars or those numbers are kind of wafer in start references, I think Ive read references to 3,000 to 4,000 wafer starts for NAND. I think I read 1,000 wafer starts to DRAM. I mean I have no idea on how this will kind of play out. But we continue to engage in every region of the world with every customer in the world to support to the best of our abilities.
Operator: Thank you. And well take our next question from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bill Grinstead: Good afternoon, guys. This is Bill Grinstead in for Mehdi. Just a quick question here on internal manufacturing capacity, obviously, you guys are looking for pretty strong shipments in the first-half. What is your capacity and how high is your utilization or do you guys think youll need to flex that up?
Martin Anstice: Well, were constantly investing in flexing and its a nature of this industry. Its less today from traditional cyclicality and disconnects on an industry level between supply and demand, more today because of the variability that any one customer can bring to us as a supplier to the semiconductor industry. We have no public disclosure for you on utilization or capacity. But I would reinforce the point that I made a little earlier. We are focused on proactively investing in the business of our company and that means proactively investing in technology and also operational capabilities for manufacturing and supply chain and service, to execute and support the success of our customers. And we did a lot of that already, right? Weve invested in creating the potential to increase the output of this company by 40% in a really short period of time. Our average shipments in calendar 2016 were $1.6 billion I think, and maybe $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion. And we just gave guidance materially in excess of that. So the investments is proactive and were obviously focused on the flexibility of our business model as much as ever.
Doug Bettinger: Okay, operator, thats going to be our last question.
Satya Kumar: Okay, operator, conclude the call. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your line anytime and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - Investor Relations Martin Anstice - President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Bettinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Krish Sankar - Bank of America Stephen Chin - UBS Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets C.J. Muse - Evercore Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Jagadish Iyer - Summit Redstone Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Patrick Ho - Stifel
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation September 2016 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Satya Kumar. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar: Thank you and good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research quarterly earnings conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the September 2016 quarter, our outlook for the December 2016 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results is distributed a little after 1 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factor disclosures of our SEC public filings. Please see accompanying slide in the presentation for additional information. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, let me hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Good afternoon and thank you all for joining our regularly schedules earnings conference call. Anticipating our upcoming investor and analyst meeting plan for New York on November 18, I will keep my prepared comments shorter than usual. The focus today will include financial, operational and market highlights for the September quarter and calendar year 2016; an update on recent changes in the industry environments; and initial perspectives we have on calendar 2017. Doug will then provide details of our financials and summarize guidance for the December quarter before we open the call for questions.  Demonstrating the constancy of our focus, quality of alignments in the company and commitments to invest in the future of the company for these last several years, Lam delivered another outstanding quarter reporting record shipments including a record high foundry shipments, record total company revenues and non-GAAP net income. As is always the case, how you do something is at least as important as what you do more so in the context of our multiyear growth and value aspirations. Accordingly, we have a permanent focus on customer oriented core values and culture, and an extraordinary commitment to operational execution and company scaling. Our supply chain, our factories, our field service organizations once again delivered terrific performance. We achieved a new record for shipments in the quarter. We are on track to deliver our customers a combination of schedule flexibility and on-time performance for the year that is a significant enhancement of capabilities. And as shown by our guidance today, we are gearing up for an additional growth in December. Our differentiated product pipeline momentum continues apace most recently with metal ALD in 3D NAND and atomic level etch in dielectric foundry applications. In addition, our business teams are achieving more than 90% success in critical defenses and new market application penetrations combined which is extremely rewarding. This is an exciting time to be part of the semiconductor ecosystem, no doubt. In the world of foundry logic, the demonstrated performance benefits of 10-nanometer technology and commitments of our customers and reportedly more than 20 of their customers to the near-term seven 7-nanometer are strong endorsements of the diversity of cloud mobility and high-performance computing enabled consumer and enterprise applications. What is clear in this segment also is the importance of 3-D architecture at both the chip and systems integration level. Innovation in our technology and product roadmap for the transistor, interconnect and also advanced packaging applications is a critical priority for systematically strengthening our strategic relevance. We believe Lam is one of very few companies gaining share through this round of foundry logic technology node transitions. Our segment exposure continues to be more balanced and an objective in results we are particularly pleased with. Worthy of note in a world where we estimate foundry wafer fabrication equipment spending grows 25% year-over-year 2016 compared to 2015, we are communicating to you today with our presented results and December guidance a view that our foundry shipments for the year increase by approximately 40%. Illustratively, 48 layer 3D NAND is enabling the 256 gigabytes high density storage that is required to power high resolution image capture and dual cameras in smartphone devices. Similarly in the data center, 3D NAND-based SSDs allow for hundreds of terabytes of high-speed storage to be located within the server itself enabling cost-efficient scale from cloud-based services. Looking ahead, the roadmap is well-defined and looks very promising for 3D NAND. At the recent Flash Memory Summit in Santa Clara, our customers highlighted the numerous design and integration options not previously available with Planar technologies such as scaling layer accounts and the ability to transition from three-level cells to quad little cells and leveraging pitch and density scaling to target different storage end markets. Lam was privileged to be the only major semiconductor equipment maker invited to present at the conference, independent recognition of our critical role in the 3D NAND deflection and the commentary both on the opportunity and responsibility for Lam that is shared with our customers. Long-term WFE growth is only made possible with end market demand catalysts and process technology inflections. Combined with these two drivers, our roadmap and multiyear execution make possible the fifth consecutive year in 2016 where our SAM has outperformed WFE. Looking forward, we have targets and strategies that we will specifically discuss in November to enable and participate in these outperformance trends for many years to come. Our ability to capitalize on this extraordinary opportunity is all about leadership execution and is measured ultimately by customer trust and competitive differentiation. As illustrations, in conductor edge, our keel family with its hydra multizone temperature control technology provides the most technically advanced production proven etching performance critical for logic and DRAM multi-patterning in the industry. Lam has the broadest and strongest conductor edge position especially in 3D NANDs were [7:42] has now been qualified before production at all NAND customers for a majority of applications which we believe achieved position in more than two thirds of the available market. In dielectric etch, we continue to make several technology and productivity enhancements to our Flex family including most recently the release of atomic level etch capability. Our ALE innovation features a proprietary advanced mixed mode pulsing capability, delivers a 2x improvement in selectivity versus conventional etching while providing atomic level control over variability critical to address issues like RC delay for advanced foundry and logic process nodes. The Flex series products are seeing substantial momentum in 3D NAND and are now qualified as production toll of record for critical high aspect ratio applications at all major customers. In deposition, our ALTUS tungsten fill and VECTOR dielectric deposition systems are seeing very strong momentum that is set to continue into next year. 2017 will be the year of 64 layer 3D NAND and Lams product innovations and application share momentum position us well to improve our market share as we head into next year. Complementing our leading edge and critical applications strength, the performance of more than 40,000 Lam process modules installed provides a strong platform for overall business momentum and is a key focus of our customer support business group. This business is on track for another record year. More important than reported growth in any one year, however, is the increased confidence of sustaining long-term profitable growth trajectory of the company. In the last several years, we have fundamentally improved our capability to support our customers through local manufacturing and warehousing, innovative technology and productivity upgrade solutions, refurbished equipment sales and service, and product solutions to overall fab productivity improvements. These investments are paying dividends again more to follow at our investor event.  Now let me provide a short overview of customer equipment spending trends for calendar 2016 and our preliminary expectations for 2017. Outlook for global economic growth in unit shipments for PCs and smartphones have remained stable since our last report. Increasingly, more important than unit demand for traditional consumer computing devices however is a significant growth in content for leading-edge memory and logic devices in smartphones and servers. This dynamic is being driven by the end market demand inflections I spoke of earlier and is powering our SAM growth outperformance opportunity. WFE spending for 2016 is now tracking slightly above the high end of our previously communicated range driven by stronger foundry and 3D NAND CapEx investments. Sequentially for calendar 2016, NAND WFE is now on track to grow over 40%, foundry over 20%, and expectations for DRAM CapEx remain unchanged at down approximately 40% year-over-year. Momentum and commitments continues to build for 3D NAND where we now expect total industry shipped capacity to reach approximately 425,000 wafer starts per month by the end of this calendar year. We are confident of sustainable positive long-term trends in this segment. At the same time, our strength in Foundry logic continues to build where we are realizing the benefits of multiyear efforts through customer spending associated with additional qualifications and PTR wins for 10 and 7 nanometer devices. Despite the challenges of DRAM and certain pockets of logic spending in 2016, despite also the memory versus logic segment headwinds for the company relative to our peers this year. We are on track to grow total company shipments meaningfully for the fifth straight calendar year at a CAGR of approximately 18% over that extended period. As we look into 2017, we are encouraged by the strong momentum in 3D NAND. For numerous reasons, we are also more convinced and convicted in our belief that DRAM supply and demand conditions will continue to improve as we previously indicated. As a result, we have an upward bias to spending expectations for DRAM and NAND in 2017. We expect flat to a modest pullback in logic foundry spending as customers digest the 10 nanometer investments made in 2016 and commence initial 7 nanometer roadmaps. Overall, we are modeling slightly higher total WFE spend in 2017 with memory versus logic segment tailwinds for the company once more. Again, our objective will be to outgrow WFE in 2017. To summarize, fundamental to our strong performance has been our strategy to partner closely with our customers to help address their most tough and difficult challenges. Despite as we conveyed a couple of weeks ago, the disappointment at not being able to deliver to our customers the potential of unmatched capability and innovation from Lam and KLA-Tencor combined, we are very excited by the demonstrated multiyear strength and inflection-driven outperformance future opportunity for Lam Research. With continued execution, a robust product pipeline, overall stronger install base and market share positions, and increased strategic relevance to our customers, we believe the innovation to support long-term value creation for all stakeholders is a valid ambition for Lam Research. Before turning the call over for additional details on our financial performance and outlook, I would like to extend my genuine thanks to our customers and employees who together make the exciting story of Lam Research possible. Their support and encouragement inspires us each day to achieve our full potential. Doug?
Doug Bettinger: Okay, thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. The September quarter results reflect another quarter of solid execution and record results. In the quarter, shipments, revenue, net income and cash from operations were at the highest level we delivered in the history of Lam Research. We're obviously very pleased with what we achieved this quarter. Shipments in the September quarter were $1.78 billion, up approximately 8% compared to the June quarter and at a record level for the company. The combined memory segment made up 56% of system shipments and that was down from 66% in the prior quarter. Non-volatile memory shipments contributed 43% of the system shipments and this was down from 51% in the June quarter. 3D NAND investments are continuing at a healthy level with customers committed to their plans for scaling the technology to reduce cost, enhance performance and increase output in response to strong customer demand. Our deposition net products are critical to enabling the scaling for customers. We are extremely well-positioned with the PQR decision made by our customers and what may be the largest multiyear growth opportunity in semiconductors. Customer discipline remains intact in the DRAM segment with shipments making up 13% of total system shipments, compared to 15% in the prior quarter. There appears to be a stabilization of the supply demand balance and we are seeing positive momentum in the marketplace as a result. Demand is strengthening, but by content growth in both smart phones and servers. Spot pricing is showing improvement. System shipments into the foundry segment was a bright spot as Martin mentioned and increased to 36%, which was up from 27% in the June quarter. The system shipment dollars in foundry represented a record high level for Lam Research. Foundry spend was bias toward investments to execute 10 nanometer ramp and 7 nanometer pilot projects. We also saw continued spend predominantly in the China region at the 28 nanometer and above nodes. And finally the logic and other segment came in at 8% of system shipments up from 7% in the June quarter. Logic spending was largely in support of conversions to the 10 nanometer node. We set a new record for revenue in the September quarter. Revenue came in at $1.632 billion, which was a sequential increase of 6% and a little bit above the midpoint of our guidance. Gross margin was a little lower than the midpoint of guidance at 45.2%. As I previously stated, we expect to see some quarter-to-quarter variability in our gross margin due to factors like business volumes and mix. And I'll remind you, the financial model is the best reference to help you analyze our ongoing financial performance. And I look forward to sharing an update to the financial model with you at our Investor Day in November. Our operating expenses for the quarter were $372 million, which was an increase of 3% from the $361 million in the June quarter and it held steady at about 23% of revenue. OpEx spending allocated to R&D was again at benchmark levels of 63% of total spending in the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was again strong at $366 million, an increase of 2% compared to the $359 million in the June quarter. Operating margin decreased slightly to 22.4% down from 23.2% in the prior quarter primarily due to the lower gross margins. The September quarter tax rate came in at approximately 12%, which was a little bit higher than the 10% rate last quarter primarily due to changes in the level and mix of jurisdictional income. A rate in the low to mid teens for the December quarter would be a reasonable number for you to use in your modeling. Earnings per share for the September quarter were $1.81 based on a share count of approximately 178 million shares. The share count includes dilution from both the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes and the remaining 2016 convertible note warrants with a total dilutive impact of about 15 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. As the stock price continues to rise, the convertible notes will continue to add to the diluted share count albeit at a decreasing rate of increase. Dilution schedules for the convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website to help you with your modeling. We returned $0.30 per share for a total of $48 million in dividend distributions to our shareholders in the quarter. There were no share repurchases during the quarter. Let me now turn to the balance sheet. At the end of the September quarter, we had $7.47 million in cash on the balance sheet. In line with the plans we stated during our call earlier this month, at this point we have redeemed the $600 million 2023 senior notes and the $1 billion 2026 senior notes under the special mandatory redemption provision of those notes. The $800 million 2021 senior notes will remain outstanding and will be used for general corporate purposes and other purposes as can be found in the prospectus. If our pro forma for the cash we returned to bondholders in October, we would have finished the quarter with $5.83 billion on the balance sheet. Roughly 40% of this cash is currently domestically available. And I will remind you, we continue to generate between 20% and 25% of cash domestically on an ongoing basis. Cash generation continues to be healthy at the company. In the September quarter, we generated $473 million in cash from operations, which was an increase of 12% sequentially and an all-time quarterly high for the company. Days sales outstanding for the period improved to 72 days from 74 days with the shipment profile slightly more linear than it was in June. Inventory turns improved from 3.5 times to 3.9 times. At the end of the September quarter, the deferred revenue balance was $704 million, a 24% increase quarter-over-quarter. That number excludes approximately $65 million from shipments to customers in Japan that will convert to revenue in future quarters. And I'll remind you that those Japan shipments remain as inventory carried at cost on the balance sheet. Company non-cash expenses during the quarter included the following: $39 million for equity compensation, $39 million for amortization, and $36 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $42 million, which was down from $52 million in the June quarter. We exited the quarter with approximately 7,800 regular full-time employees. We added headcount during the quarter primarily to meet customer needs for additional factory output and field support. Additionally, we added resources to continue our investment in product development. Let me now turn to our outlook for the December quarter. I'd like to provide the following non-GAAP guidance. We expect shipments of $1.85 billion plus or minus $75 million. We expect revenue of $1.84 billion again plus or minus $75 million. We expect gross margin of 46% plus or minus 1 percentage point. We are forecasting operating margins of 25% plus or minus plus 1 percentage point. And finally, we forecast earnings per share of $2.18 plus or minus $0.10 based on a share count of approximately 170 million shares. This earnings-per-share number excludes roughly $37 million associated with the interest expense, one-time fees and accelerated cost associated with the retirement of the 2023 and 2026 notes as well as the term loan commitments. With our year-to-date results and the strong guidance I just provided for the December quarter, we anticipate that calendar year 2016 will be another record year of financial outperformance for the company, a fifth consecutive year of growth outpacing that of the industry as a whole. Before transitioning to the Q&A session, I wanted to pick up on Martin's earlier comment regarding our Investor Day, which is now on November 18. Weve decided to host the event in New York to make the event more convenient for a larger group of investors and analysts that are following the company. We look forward to seeing you in New York on the 18th. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Martin and I would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. Martin, first one is, if I look at your December guidance compared to the model that you guys have given in the past, it looks like the quarterly WFE is running at close to $37 billion, $38 billion. You guys are annualizing at well over $8 in EPS. Is it fair to assume that next year is really going to be a modest growth to the extent you can characterize it, should we assume sequentially in the next couple of quarters should decline from the December quarter? And I also had a follow-up.
Martin Anstice: Krish, as is customary for us, we really don't comment specifically about quarter to quarter transitions and inflections. What weve tried to provide some perspective on today are some very significant and underpinning market references for you and for us as a company and whether it's a very favorable outlook relative to a universally adopted 3D NAND transition at this point or perhaps more specifically to the company, our share momentum in logic and in foundry, we feel like the objectives for the company that are currently defined by the long-term financial model, we are executing kind of well within that, maybe a little ahead of that and certainly the expectations we have at this point for calendar 2017 slightly stronger with a bias to memory compared to this year, which bodes well for outperformance for Lam.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And as a follow-up if I can ask on 3D NAND, if you look at the NAND install base, its about 1.4 million wafer starts and you guys said exiting this year 3D NAND will be at 425,000 wafers. If 3D NAND is going to help replace hard disk drives eventually is the potential install base larger than the 1.4 million that we have or had for planar or the fact that 3D has more density or bits in a given wafer it actually offsets the actual install base growth over time? I'm just kind of curious to your view point on that.
Martin Anstice: I think our viewpoint is a bit of both. I mean there's density on wafer for sure, but our view is even in the time horizon of calendar 2017, we end calendar 2017 with more wafer starts than we began the year. And just in context, the 700 reference that I think most people have for next year now when they describe the shift 3D NAND capacity by the end of calendar 2017, that 700 probably qualified as 600, that 600 is probably no more than 40% of the install base as 3D NAND capable. So we are in the very early stages of a multiyear transition and we think that's a pretty compelling part of the Lam Research story.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Chin: Great, thanks. Congrats on the execution Martin and Doug.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Stephen.
Stephen Chin: Just a follow-up question on the shipment, so the second half of this year shipments looks like they will end up 17% higher than the first half. I remember when you first looked at the second half of this year, you thought it was going to be flat and it improved over the last few quarters. Can you share any color on how you see the first half of 2017 versus the second half of this year?
Martin Anstice: On the basis that I think from the beginning of this year, I was the idiot of the industry that was talking about the stronger second half. I'm going to reserve judgment and claim that it's too early to have commentary on the first and second half next year. I mean weve kind of put on the table for you, a reference for higher WFE, I think, it's kind of modest. It's probably a single-digit increment year-over-year and there are a lot of moving parts that could potentially make it a very evenly distributed year, make it first half a little stronger and make it second half a little stronger. So, more  more maybe in the analyst meeting, much more  likely more commentary on first half, second half early next year.
Stephen Chin: Okay, thanks. And then just a question on customer concentration. Can you just share your early thoughts on the December quarter shipments? How it looks, memory versus foundry logic?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stephen, it's Doug. I think both are continued to be relatively strong in the next quarter.
Stephen Chin: Okay, thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I guess two questions for me as well. To follow-up, if you think WFE is going to up modest, call it, 2%, 3% or so next year. Could you just maybe help us understand what do you think your SAM or your revenue opportunity would look like in that scenario where WFE is up 2% to 4%?
Martin Anstice: We got kind of a couple of ways to answer that. One of them is take a look at the long-term financial model that will be updated in November for you at least as far as kind of giving you at least another year of visibility in terms of our expectations. Another reference for the company is the stated ambition from a market share growth perspective. So we've got two references for you, we've got the long-term market share growth with 3 to 5 percentage point references, weve talked about many times 1 to 2 percentage points through technology nodes and there's also a commentary on SAM expansion. And the headline for the company, if you go back to a 2012 reference point is, we had a portfolio of products that was competing for about 25% or so of wafer fabrication equipment spending. That's in the 33%, 34% range probably this year and we expect in excess of 35% to be the competitive reference point for us, the proportion of WFE that we're competing for with our portfolio next year. Some part of that is a commentary on the product portfolio of the company as we invest and make available more product to our customers and some part of it is the technology inflection in patterning and 3D NAND, which has a natural bias to the etch and deposition segments of WFE.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. That's helpful. If I can just follow-up, the December quarter guide obviously very strong in revenue and shipment, I'm curious do you feel theres some little pull that's going on maybe in the memory side from your customers for their CapEx plans and that's why they are somewhat better or is this just a reflection of good end demand, doesnt mean March will be down more dramatically than normal?
Martin Anstice: It's kind of really hard to kind give opinion on kind of pull or push. I mean the reality is the year is a little stronger than we expected when we last talked to you in our earnings call and it's a little stronger in 3D NAND and also in foundry. So if that's your definition of kind of pull and I guess the answer to your question is yes. But are we communicating to you an expectation that this is pull that is over exuberant and its a risk of creating a whole shortly, I think the answer to that question is no. We see compelling value propositions in 3D NAND and compelling value propositions in the 10 and 7 nanometer logic foundry investments. They are going to go up and down a little bit quarter to quarter and pull in and push out, but fundamentally the long-term headline is the most relevant one as far as the value of our company is concerned.
Doug Bettinger: And that's why we suggested that to you we see next year a little bit stronger as well.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. That's perfect. Thank you, guys.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: We will take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first question trying to, I guess, dig a little bit deeper into the 3D NAND side and curious when you think about greenfield versus conversions in calendar 2016 and your current outlook for calendar 2017, is that a headwind or a tailwind for you particularly when you think about next year being a year really for 64 layer count?
Martin Anstice: I don't know C.J., it's terrifically difficult to answer a question like that, it has so many moving parts. This year is a headwind most significantly because of memory and logic foundry kind of spend mix for the company. At a 3D NAND level, the story is really positive for the company in conversions and vertical scaling, but it's also really positive compared to overall WFE and greenfield as well. So probably it gets a little bit better as people step from greenfield to conversion, but it's really hard to give you a simple answer to a very complex modeling question.
C.J. Muse: Okay. I guess I'll take a stab with second one then. Deferred revenues have grown considerably over the last year and just curious I guess as part of that, does that really speak to your new products and new wins and timing of revenue rack and as part of that when you think you'll start to catch up and will see that flow through to the revenue line?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, C.J. a little bit of it might be some aspect in new products, but more importantly it's a fact that we've been growing shipments fairly consistently and when you have a profile where shipments are on a growth trajectory, deferred revenue typically builds and revenue lags as a result. When shipments level off, you will see revenue then catch up with shipments. So that's the way you should expect that the fact that shipments have been outpacing revenue is why deferred revenue was built.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks C.J.
Operator: We will take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much. I guess I have two questions. First for Doug, really on cash, it seems like there's maybe $1 billion worth of excess onshore cash today and if I look at your free cash flow, you are going to probably generate $1.5 billion roughly a year and that would imply maybe another $350 million to $400 million of onshore coming per year and only half of that is being consumed by your dividend. So clearly you have a lot of flexibility there on the cash. Can you talk about how you think about repurchases versus dividend?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Tim, why dont you come see me on November 18, I'll give you some clarity at that point. I don't have anything to tell you until then.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. All right, thanks. And then I guess, Martin, I'm going to try to come at this wafer run rate question a little bit differently. This year if the WFE is going to be $34 billion, which is now what you're saying, you're going to be about 18.5% share, thats flat despite a very difficult year in DRAM, so that's great for you. But if I use the 18.5% number in your guidance in Q4, it implies that the industry is run rating WFE at roughly $40 billion in the fourth calendar quarter, which is a pretty heavy number. So I guess my question is, do you argue with that math on where the WFE run rate is for Q4? I'm just trying to see how shipments can't come down here even if the next year is good WFE year?
Martin Anstice: I guess one of the advantages of the gray hair I have is I know how to answer that question now. So I don't even try to argue or defend or rationalize or justify because as weve said many times, Tim, we understand our SAM really well. We understand our share of SAM really well. We don't understand frankly speaking the SAM of  the rest of the industry for products that we don't have and we just kind of back into a WFE reference to the best of our abilities. So I don't really have an ability to kind defend, argue, answer a question about WFE because it's just kind of an extension of a very well thought through SAM and quite exactly what the cycles of spending are for other parts and quite exactly what their pricing strategies are, I guess you got to ask everybody in industry to kind of pull it all together. Our view is the best one weve articulated.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, Martin, thanks. You guys are usually very good at WFE, so that's why I asked. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks.
Martin Anstice: No problem, Tim. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just had a question on NAND. In terms of your planar NAND -- in terms of the planar NAND install base, its about 70% of the overall capacity, what kind of productivity improvement or bit growth are you seeing on that install base? And is it fair to assume that the vast majority of bit growth going forward needs to come from 3D NAND?
Martin Anstice: I think yes is the answer to that question. I'm sure every customer in the world is working to make more productive their planar capacity particularly in the context at the end of this year the majority of the install base for NAND is still a planar capable investment. But certainly I think kind of the growth of the industry and the chosen technology that is now kind of universally adopted has the focus on 3D NAND.
Doug Bettinger: On 3D, yeah, for sure.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then just one question in terms of how the WFE is tracking for last couple of years versus the semi-revenue growth, I mean, last year semi-gap companies were all up, close to double digit, if you combine all the revenues and this year also its like very healthy growth and next year is also very healthy growth and we haven't seen that much semi-revenue growth. Have you thought about like what's the main drivers, which are giving you more of the growth related to the semi-industry?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean, at a company level, obviously, there are two basic headlines. One of them is the proportion of WFE that we're competing for, which to my earlier answer is kind of transitioned from the 25% level to the 35% level since 2012. So we're competing for $3 billion more business each year if you just want to pick a $30 billion WFE reference. We're competing for $3.5 billion if you want to pick a $35 billion reference. And some part of that is a product portfolio message to the company and some part of it is the technology inflection the patterning and 3D NAND or 3D device architecture transitions for the industry. That's kind of message number one. And message number two is share gain. And we've had some pretty significant messages on share gain. We talk to you in our last earnings call, if my memory serves me right about double-digit share gain in the planar to 3D NAND transition and weve talked today about a fairly unique story we think in the industry in the logic and foundry space at least as best we can analyze were one of very few companies that has demonstrated share gain in logic foundry combined in recent technology node transitions and we are just beginning to see the evidence of that show up in our financial statements.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That's all I have.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Farhan.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jagadish Iyer with Summit Redstone.
Jagadish Iyer: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Martin, if I take your NAND shipments this year, give or take you are up like almost about 75% and if bit growth for next year is similar to this year and I layer in your commentary on spending, how should we think about your growth in NAND shipments as you look at 2017 given where your market share is and where the industry is transitioning to 64 layer and will it be consistent with this year or could it be higher or lower?
Martin Anstice: Well, I mean the overall kind of story for the company in 3D NAND, we are targeting to be more positive proportionately next year than this year and that's a commentary on our best understanding of the conversion strategies of our customers and our targets and plans to systematically introduce more products to compete for more SAM and to make more competitive the products that we have to get a bigger share of it. Now there are no kind of pendulum swings in this industry, it's pretty rare that you accomplish major swings in any one year. And so I think the performance of the company will be a continuation if we keep executing of the last couple of years and that continues to be our focus.
Jagadish Iyer: Okay. I have a brief follow-up. You talked about foundries trying to digest some capacity for 2017, clearly there is one leader there, but how should we think about other foundries trying to catch up to this preeminent leader here to as they try to ramp to 10 or 7 nanometer? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean, obviously, you have to ask them not us, but clearly the opportunity that exists from demonstrated performance benefits at the 10 and 7 nanometer technology nodes make it a very strategic and legitimate target for every foundry and certainly from the seat we have. Everybody is focused on doing their best to get their fair share, however, they define that technology inflection and none of this is easy, and so we support all of our customers and whatever ambition they have to the best of our abilities. So I sense people are broadly focused on it in doing the best they can.
Doug Bettinger: I would just point out that we're continuing to see nice investment profiles at 28-nanometer and above, and obviously that stuff is much broader based.
Jagadish Iyer: Thank you. 
Operator: Ill take our next question from Romit Shah with Nomura Securities. 
Romit Shah: Yes, thank you and congratulations on the strong results. Martin, I just wanted to ask as it relates to China, we've been all looking for evidence that the local vendors there will start spending in both foundry and memory, and I just wanted to get your sense on that region and if it's something you're anticipating to at least hear about it as we get into next year?
Martin Anstice: Yes I think for sure there are ambitious plans stated and there are active discussions I think between customers and potential new domestic customers in China with Lam and presumably with every other equipment company. Our position and presence in China is historically very strong in etch and deposition both. I think we have kind of good platform and as best we can tell there are up to 20 active projects certainly that we are focused on tracking in China and I think the spending or at least the significant spending is more likely to be a calendar 2018 statement then calendar 2017 but I think there's a decent amount of statements that towards the end of 2017 we could start seeing something emerge. So that's the best I can give you at this point.
Romit Shah: That's helpful. Thank you. 
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Romit.
Operator: And well take our next question from Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Edwin Mok: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to ask back on your foundry logic share gain that you talked about and maybe take a little deeper and can you kind of give us some color where your driving the share gain? Is it on the  you guys have been very strong patenting, is that one area that is driving share gain? Is it around other area I think it is working very strong in tungsten maybe give us some color one step more detail color around the share gain around foundry logic?
Martin Anstice: I think you just did a pretty job answering your own question. Clearly, the single biggest SAM expansion in foundry logic is patenting. We got some pretty important headlines that a company unique I think relative to microprocessor share gain momentum. And our presence in share gain our both etch and deposition and they are frontend and back end as far as interconnect as well as [indiscernible] footprint. So pretty holistic, pretty comprehensive and patenting is obviously a key driver. 
Edwin Mok: Okay, great. And then just a focus on the foundry logic area as well, I think some of your peers are more upbeat about the coming year thinking foundry logic to grow little more and you mentioned some digestion on 10 millimeter. Do you think that trade of nature growth will not be big enough to offset any digestion in 10 millimeter and some of the customer need to spend too much, do you think they won't be a big spender in 2017?
Martin Anstice: I say our view and it's still forming. We are a long way from being definitive on it. We said kind of flattish to maybe slightly down is the reference we have for Foundry. We do expect that 28 nanometer and above investments in 2017 will be greater than they were in 2016, but to your point, that's a capacity addition that is much cheaper than a leading-edge capacity addition. Whether it turns out to be sufficient to make a neutral or grow kind of time will tell. As best I can tell from customer disclosure, there's kind of a common view that capital intensity in foundry is assumed to be kind of flattish and certainly we are not a position to message any different from that. There's clearly a large amount of investment going in this year for 10 and commitments and significant interest in what I think now is generally accepted to be more valuable and probably more significant technology now to 7 and that looks like that's more of a second-half statement than first half at this point. 
Doug Bettinger: Its still kind of early for us to have a formulated view on 2017 as we get closer to 2017 itself and we would normally give you more color when we are a quarter further down the road, so check back with us in a quarter, we will give you an updated view.
Edwin Mok: That's helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Hi, thank you. I had a couple of questions on smaller product areas. Can you talk about events packaging, seems like we're starting to see some more consumer-oriented products coming out again in the end of this year, could that be a decent driver for you guys next year?
Martin Anstice: Well, certainly systems integration and packaging are very prominent parts of the strategies of our customers to overcome the limitations of physics in the frontend. And I think demonstrated performance and cost benefits showing up there. It's one of four technology inflections that we identified three or four years ago now that are relevant to the future of our company. It was then and still is the smaller of the four, but as time passes the through-silicon via etch position and strength that we have becomes more valuable and obviously the presence of the company in interconnect, copper position is also very strong. So over time I would expect the advanced packaging SAM to be more relevant and I think you know from prior disclosure where we are strong and where we are not.
Joe Moore: Great thank you. And also on the image sensors side, have you seen any signs of life, signs of recovery in that segment? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: I would say not as strong right now as it has been but reasonable evidence that strength is beginning to emerge. So whether that's the first half or second half kind of reality, we will see.
Joe Moore: Great. Thanks so much. 
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Well take our next question from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest. Please go ahead. 
Weston Twigg : Hi, thanks. Just wondering first on DRAM, you said you expected DRAM WFE to be up a little bit next year. Wondering if you're seeing any signs of new DRAM capacity activity or really just no transitions at this point? 
Martin Anstice: I think its more of a no transition statements. I mean arguably there are kind of 50,000 wafer starts per month contractions in one year and maybe additions in another year. And if I were to place a bet I would say we probably end next year at or about the same in terms of wafer starts that we began the year. But as you know, this has been a year of significantly reduced spending. Our estimate is the DRAM investment is down 40% this year. By the end of this year, we believe that approximately 50% of the installed base is 20-nanometer capable. So there's a pretty significant opportunity for value creation for the customers in terms of cost-reduction and performance from continued conversion. And as is also true, the 1x world for DRAM is just beginning in calendar 2016 and we think we will be the primary change to the installed base in calendar 2017. And if I were to guess, I would guess that at the end of next year about half of the installed base in DRAM is the 20-nanometer, maybe a quarter of the installed base is 1x and a quarter of the installed base is 25 or above. So I think that's approximate segmentation of the 1.1 million wafer starts depending on how you calculate it is kind of what we're looking at right now. 
Weston Twigg: Okay, good. And then similarly in 3D NAND, you said WFE was up and you mentioned 700,000 installed wafer starts by the end of next year but do you see that number biased higher as well the way things are tracking? 
Martin Anstice: I said just on the 700, I said that was kind of the shift capacity statement that we're coming up with and Im seeing other people say the same thing slightly above 700 and that compares with the 425 that I referred to today in my prepared comments for the end of calendar 2016. And our estimate is that probably there's about 100 or slightly more than 100,000 wafer starts unqualified at the end of this year, probably a similar number at the end of next year and obviously that exists in the context of 1.5 million wafer starts per month of capacity by the end of next year. So a little bit more capacity and a lot more 3D NAND but in relative terms still 3D NAND installed base is the minority of the installed base by the end of next year.
Weston Twigg: All right, very helpful. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, West.
Operator: Well take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and I thought I'd jump on the quarterly execution and on the outlook. On your view on DRAM spending being higher next year, clearly the customer base here remains pretty disciplined, very focused on profitability. I appreciate the view from the prior question on the capacity in 2x versus 1x. Can you guys just remind us your SAM growth going from 2x node to the 1x nanometer node and what application is that SAM growth coming from? 
Martin Anstice: I'm not sure I have something to hands to answer that question, Harlan. I apologize. Obviously at a macro level when we last reported our $3 billion SAM reference, we framed the SAM growth opportunity in DRAM at the 50% to 60% level through calendar 2018. And in the patenting area specifically which is the single biggest kind of market expansion in DRAM that's relevant to our company, we characterized 15 to 25 steps at 20-nanometer going to 25 to 30 steps at 1x. So that's about as helpful as they can be at this moment and we will take that question as long as well as I think it was CJ's question earlier around the SAM for each of the three NANDs implementation scenarios and we will try to get some more information for you at the analyst meeting.
Doug Bettinger: We will update that page for you, Harlan. 
Harlan Sur: All right, thanks for the insights there. And then on the record shipment outlook, I'm wondering if you're starting to structure manufacturing capability. As I think about the potential for more growth for the team in 2017 I'm wondering if you can just give us a view on what is the upper limit from a shipment dollars perspective that you can accommodate from a manufacturing perspective on a quarterly basis.
Martin Anstice: Yes. We actually have more flexibility than perhaps you realize. It takes a huge amount of effort so these are not kind of five minute investments. We are constantly assessing not just capacity in our own factories but our supply chain and in our field service organizations for the installation because if you can make something we cant install it you have a problem, if you can install it but not make it you have a problem, if you can make it but not buy it you have a problem. A lot of effort focused on that. We have nor will we ever have disclosure that speaks to the maximum capacity of the company but it is more flexible. We are challenging and stretching the entire company to be honest, but we believe we are executing with appropriate discipline and we are making investments to make sure that we have capacity to meet the expectations of our customers and continue to position the company for sustainable growth. So lots of moving parts, very complex, but we feel like we are doing a pretty good job all things considered.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, Harlan, we have a phenomenal supply chain organization. These guys are just super good at what they do. So the execution of the company has been really, really good from those guys.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insights.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: We will take our next question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a very strong quarter. I just had one on gross margins. I appreciate the quarter to quarter volatility here, but I was hoping you could discuss a little bit more what drove the slight miss in Q3? And for the current quarter you're guiding gross margins to improve marginally despite a pretty big revenue number. Is this as good as it gets from a gross margin perspective or is there a leverage left in the model? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Toshiya, I would just point you back to the existing disclosed financial model, its the best way to be thinking about the company and, obviously, I will give you an update on that when we get to November 18. We are not going to apologize for a 30 basis point -- slight below midpoint on gross margin, its really hard with all the moving parts and different customer mix, things you have going on, there is always going to be variability. And weve been pretty consistently in that 45 to mid-46 gross margin range and that's kind of where the business runs. It runs pretty effectively.
Martin Anstice: I think in context again just to kind of put some more substance around what Doug just said, our long-term model for calendar 2015 and 2016 in a world of $35 billion WFE, which we think is greater than the worlds we are actually living in. We said we would aim for $5.8 billion to $6.3 billion revenue range. The sum of our quarter results and guidance are at $6.3 billion. So, at a revenue level, there's commentary on SAM and share, we are performing higher than we indicated in our long-term financial model. In terms of targeted profitability levels, which includes gross margin and the investments in operating expenses and as we said many times, our focus more is [59:30] and gross margin. Our long-term model said, we were targeting a 22 percentage point operating income and the sum of the results and guidance weve just given a 23%. The long-term model also said there was a range of EPS targeted between $6 and $6.75 and by the way a lower share count because when we put the model out, we weren't signaling to you that we would be in essentially a blackout period for 12 months because of the KLA transaction, but against that $6 to $6.75 EPS reference, sum of our results and guidance today are about $7 dollars. So, I kind of would like you in context if I may ask for that, I think the company's performance financially is really nicely balancing growth and profitability and the trick here is balance. It is super easy to drive profitability up and not grow. It is really hard to architect a vision and then perform consistent with delivering profitable growth that's our vision. And that is what we believe we are executing and delivering and, of course, if you remember of Lam Research, long may that continue.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Toshiya.
Toshiya Hari: I appreciate that. Thanks very much.
Operator: We will take our final question from Patrick Ho with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. I just have one question regarding some of the foundry logic commentary you've highlighted today. Within the context of 10, 7 nanometer node that appears to be one big node again, some of the share wins that you talked about at 10 nanometers, are those simply going to transition to send 7 nanometers or are there more potential application wins that you can get at the 7 nanometer node on its own?
Martin Anstice : As I know that you know Patrick nothing is quite as simple as it just transfers, but obviously demonstrated performance at 10 nanometer for [61:36] one is a very strong reference point for selection at 7 and we feel very confident about that. We are investing to achieve more than  more market share at 7 than we have at 10 and I believe there are some pretty compelling reasons why we can deliver that. Again consistent with our long-term aspirations of the 3 to 5 and 4 to 8 percentage points that we have for each of the product lines of the company.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you. 
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: I will now turn the program back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Satya Kumar: Thank you for joining us for the conference call today. Just a quick reminder that our Analyst Day will be held in New York on November 18 and we look forward to meeting you all again. Thank you. 
Operator: And this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - Lam Research Corp. Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp. Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.
Analysts: Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2016 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar - Lam Research Corp.: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we'll share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the June 2016 quarter, our outlook for the September 2016 quarter and provide an update on our planned business combination with KLA-Tencor. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website, along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future events. All statements made that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. These forward-looking statements include the timing for the closure of the proposed business combination with KLA-Tencor, the beliefs to be realized from that transaction, the anticipated structure of future combined operations, and our guidance on revenues, shipments, costs, margins, share count and earnings. Other forward-looking topics that we expect to cover are included in the slide deck accompanying our remarks. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosures in our public filings with the SEC, including our 10-Ks and 10-Qs. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific Time. And as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up, so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. And with that, let me turn the call over to Martin.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you, Satya, and thank you all for joining us today for our quarterly earnings conference call. The headline is that we delivered strong results that continue to reinforce our increasingly strong presence in the industry, as the enabling technology inflections continue to intensify around etch and deposition processes. In addition, the quality of our earnings rises as a higher proportion of our market share occurs in critical applications, which are characterized by extreme technical complexity and multi-year cycles of learning for the company. Lastly, our expectations for performance in the second half of calendar 2016 are stronger than previously articulated. We believe that with sustained focus on execution in partnership with our customers, multi-year outperformance opportunity is set to continue. Lam's shipments, revenue and non-GAAP gross margins were above the mid-points, and non-GAAP earnings above the high end of our guided ranges for the recent quarter. I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the support of our customers and the contributions of all Lam employees, without whom our performance would not be possible. I would also like to recognize the support we have received from our suppliers who have helped us to ramp our capacity, increase responsiveness to customers, increase localization and support our rapid product development cycles. Thank you all. At the core of Lam's outperformance is our culture and values, our close partnership with our customers and our ability to deliver innovative products, service, and capabilities at scale, which directly address key semiconductor manufacturing technology and market inflections such as 3D NAND, multi-patterning, FinFET and advanced packaging. Our predominant focus is always on increasing the probability of success for our customers, contributing to their stated business objectives. In that context, the importance of these technology inflections and their enabling of new industry growth vectors has never been stronger. Our leading customers are moving to capitalize on the acceleration in innovation centered on the next wave of industry application drivers such as virtual reality, artificial intelligence, and connected devices and automobiles. They articulate aspirations to change the world. Realizing the potential of these application drivers will demand unprecedented scaling of performance, power, and cost for compute, storage, and networking, significantly beyond what is possible with traditional scaling and shrink and Moore's law. In essence, this reenergizing of our industry demands a more holistic approach to systems architecture through the entire semiconductor ecosystem. In cloud server, storage and networking devices, this revolution is driving significant semiconductor demand for DRAM, NAND, new memory technologies, and over time additional logic chip demand for advanced computation necessary for converting data into actionable information. Growth in semiconductor content for DRAM, NAND and leading and trailing edge logic is a strong theme also in clients' devices like smartphones, IoT, and connected automobiles to deliver the power of the new industry application drivers and enrich the end consumer experience. We believe that Lam is in an outstanding position to help drive needed innovation and capitalize on the opportunities presented by current and future inflections. The foundation of the last several years, great employees, strong ecosystem trust, and the increasing quality of product and technology roadmaps delivers an execution track record, proven financial outperformance, and leads to our recognized market leadership position. Lam's etch and deposition products and their on-wafer performance are vital to our customers' success, no doubt. In partnership, we are enabling multi-patterning-driven scaling and logic and DRAM. We are facilitating cost reduction and density scaling for 3D NAND and new memory technologies and supporting increased compute performance and memory bandwidth with FinFET and advanced packaging technology inflections. One characterization of our strategic relevance is in our expanding market opportunity. As a result of our strategic and operational execution through the last several years, Lam's addressable market as a share of WFE has increased from 26.5% in 2013 to over 30% last year and is on track once again to exceed the performance of overall WFE in 2016. The 3D NAND inflection in particular has accelerated and is driving a greater than 30% growth in 2016 NAND WFE year-over-year, as our customers' target probably the single largest growth opportunity in all of semis over the next few years. NAND is still in the early stages of penetration with its share of total bits addressable at under 20% of the overall flash and spinning media storage market combined. Underpinning the strong product cycle for NAND in storage is the visibility provided by the technology roadmap of our customers, which extends well into the next decade. Etch and deposition are the key process technology enablers of 3D NAND, a fact that is perhaps best illustrated by the greater than 2X growth in our non-volatile memory markets over the last two years and exciting multi-year growth outlook going forward. In addition to the demanding requirements for high aspect ratio etch and cost and technology enabling moldstack scaling and 3D, atomic level processing is growing increasingly importance as storage layer counts scale from 40-plus layers today to over 60 layers next year and eventually to more than 100 layers in the next few years. Lam has prepared its product portfolio for this trend. Our latest ALTUS system with low fluorine tungsten atomic layer deposition or ALD capability is being qualified at multiple customers. This system enables the next generation 3D NAND and DRAM by delivering an innovative ALD solution with lower fluorine impurities, differentiated stress control, and void free fill properties. Our VECTOR Strata PECVD deposition product is seeing very strong momentum with its industry-leading productivity and film property control for moldstack deposition and is now process tool of record at the significant majority of global 3D NAND customers. Our dielectric etch installed base for high aspect ratio applications in 3D NAND and DRAM has more than doubled over the last year. This strong performance of the portfolio of our VECTOR Strata and ALTUS deposition and Flex and Kiyo etch products has allowed us to remain on track with our objective first shared with you at SEMICON West a year ago, up 7 percentage points to 10 percentage points of share gain from the 2D NAND to 3D NAND transition. Another important element of the value we bring to our customers and enabling the growth of our systems market share is our customer support business group, which is leading value creation across the entirety of our 40,000 process modules in the installed base. This organization inside of our company is providing world-class support for our new systems during integrated circuit production ramp and addressing our customers' ongoing and critical operational needs for spares and services over lifetime. But increasingly, this organization is also contributing highly innovative, differentiated technology, productivity and lifecycle solutions, resulting in substantial served market growth and an increasing revenue stream annuity that supports our investment in our future. Now turning to a Lam and KLA-Tencor merger update. To reemphasize the points made many times before, the outperformance potential of Lam is set to continue for multiple years we believe. This period of strength we've chosen to harness strategically through the planned business combination of two great companies. We continue to make progress with anti-trust agency reviews. We are pleased with the overall tone of support from our customers for this investment and without compromising the focus on execution in two standalone companies, the integration planning is in better shape today than was true for Lam and Novellus at this same point in the process Excitement and substance internally and with our customers is building. We continue to work diligently to receive the necessary approvals and now target completion of our merger in the coming few months. We have no doubt this is a value creating transaction for our customers and the company, for our employees and suppliers worldwide. The opportunity remains. We are 100% committed to innovate beyond what is possible for the two standalone companies separately to the benefit of the overall semi-ecosystem and add to the potential of Lam as currently defined. Now turning to an overview of capital equipment spending patterns in 2016. Expectations for global economic growth have remained generally stable since our last report, although there has been some increased uncertainty with the possible effects of Brexit. End market demand expectations for PCs has been relatively stable, and there's evidence of solid growth in low-end smartphones and slightly slower units, but stronger content expectations today in high-end smartphones. We continue to expect solid and long-term demand for leading edge silicon in the enterprise markets driven by the move to the cloud. WFE for 2016 continues to track to $33 billion, plus or minus $1 billion. Our bottoms-up analytics imply at/or slightly above the midpoint is most likely. By segment, memory WFE tracks to approximately $15 billion with spending more biased to NAND than DRAM this year and for sure since our last update. We now expect NAND CapEx to be up over 30%, offset by DRAM CapEx, which we now expect to be down approximately 40%. Logic and foundry CapEx is tracking slightly better than our prior expectations. Spending in these segments is weighted primarily to an addition of 10-nanometer and some pilot 7-nanometer capacity as well as additions at the mature 28-nanometer and 40-nanometer technology nodes with China featuring prominently driven by strength in low and mid end smartphones and IoT devices. Despite a flattish WFE year with some segment mix headwinds for our company, including a substantial decline in DRAM CapEx this year, Lam once again is poised to outperform WFE in calendar 2016. We are confident that calendar year-over-year revenues and second half 2016 versus first half 2016 trends are very positive. Currently, we anticipate second half shipments will be up mid to high single digits sequentially. Momentum continues to build in 3D NAND with total 3D NAND shipped capacity at the end of calendar 2016, now tracking to the higher end of the 350,000 wafer starts per month to 400,000 wafer starts per month outlook that we provided earlier. In DRAM, spending remains focused on the 2Z nanometer and 1X nanometer conversions with about 50% of industry capacity converted to 20-nanometer and mid single digits converted to 1X, we believe, by the end of this calendar year. We remain optimistic on content demand drivers for DRAM in clients and servers, which combined with our customers' prudent responses to managing supply in response to the PC demand weakness earlier in the year are already pointing to early signs of improving supply and demand balance. This sentiment biases us positively for a recovery in DRAM CapEx as we look into the next calendar year. As we enter the second half of 2016, we are excited by the inflection-driven long-term outperformance opportunities for Lam. Also our strong installed base market share positions across all geographies and when combined with KT, further increased strategic relevance to our customers by providing them more valuable innovation, trusted productivity, and fast solutions. With that, let me hand the call over to Doug.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Okay. Great. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today during what I know is a busy earnings time. The June quarter results represented a solid conclusion to the 2016 fiscal year. In the quarter, we performed above the midpoint of guidance for all metrics with operating margin and earnings per share above the high end of the range. For the fiscal year, shipments, revenues, operating income dollars, and earnings per share were all at record high levels. We delivered double digit revenue growth fiscal year over fiscal year and operating income dollars and earnings per share that grew at twice the rate of revenue growth. Moving now to the specifics for the June quarter. Shipments were $1.587 billion, up approximately 10% compared to the March quarter and just slightly below the record high level that we saw in the June 2015 quarter. The combined memory segment made up 66% of system shipments, and that was down from 70% in the prior quarter. Non-volatile memory shipments contributed 51% of the system shipments, and this was up from 43% in the March quarter. The non-volatile shipment dollars represent record levels for Lam Research. As we progress through first half of the year, 3D NAND investments have accelerated with multiple customers moving forward in their 3D NAND ramp plans. We are continuing to see the expansion of our SAM. And this combined with our success in winning critical applications in the 3D NAND process flows of our customers is driving the financial performance we're delivering. 3D NAND will represent over 95% of NAND shipments for 2016. As we expected, DRAM shipments decreased to 15% from 27% in the prior quarter. Investment is pacing at a rational reduced level in response to market conditions. DRAM spending was predominately focused on 20 nanometer conversions with the continued objective of lowering cost per bit. PC DRAM pricing seems to have bottomed as the market shifts to server and mobile DRAM. Server and mobile represents roughly two-thirds of the market bit growth this year. System shipments into the foundry segment increased to 27% which is up from 23% in the March quarter. And as Martin mentioned, foundry spending continues to be broad-based with an increasing contribution from 10 nanometer capacity additions augmented by the ongoing investment at 28 nanometer and above nodes primarily in China. The logic and other segment held steady at 7% of system shipments, which was a level similar to that we saw in the March quarter. From a geographic standpoint, China continued to be, strong representing 17% of total shipments and 22% of total revenue. June quarter revenues came in at $1.546 billion, a sequential increase of 18% and above the midpoint of our guidance. Gross margin was strong in the period at 46.6% which was a 150 basis point improvement from the 45.1% that we saw in the March quarter. The strength in growth margin was a result of higher business volumes as well as favorable product mix. And as we've described previously, you should expect to see variability quarter to quarter in our gross margins. And I'd just like to remind you that our financial model is the best reference to help you think about margins over time. Our operating expenses for the quarter were within our expectations at $361 million which was an increase on an absolute basis from the $350 million in the March quarter, but decreasing to 23% of revenue in the June quarter versus 27% in March. In the June quarter, our spending allocated to R&D was 63% of total spending. During the quarter, we completed construction on our new R&D lab in Fremont, California. This lab will put us at the state of the art in terms of capability and flexibility to continue to develop leading-edge process capability and productivity solutions. Operating income for the quarter was very strong at $359 million which was an increase of 48% compared to the $242 million in the March quarter. Operating margin increased from 18.4% to 23.2%, above the high end of the guidance range due to both the higher revenue as well as the stronger gross margin. This operating margin percentage is the second highest level since our acquisition of Novellus in 2012. Our tax rate came in at 10%, which was lower than the 14% rate last quarter, primarily due to more income from lower tax jurisdictions. A rate in the low teens for the remainder of 2016 would be a reasonable number for you to use in your modeling. Earnings per share for the June quarter were $1.80 based on a share count of approximately 175 million shares. The share count includes dilution from both the 2018 and 2041 convertible notes and the outstanding 2016 warrants with a total dilutive impact of about 13 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. In the June quarter, our $450 million 2016 convertible note matured and was settled for both cash and stock. The stock issuance was offset by the corresponding bond hedge that we had in place. Dilution schedules for the remaining convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. We returned $0.30 per share for a total of $47 million in dividend distributions to our shareholders in the quarter. There were no share repurchases in the quarter in line with our previously announced plans around the business combination with KLA-Tencor. Let me now turn to the balance sheet. We have a very solid cash position of $7.1 billion on the balance sheet, reflecting both the strong performance of the business as well as steps we've taken to increase the cash position of the company during the quarter. We generated a strong cash from operations of $424 million, which was an increase of 132% sequentially in the quarter. Cash from operations for the fiscal year came in at $1.350 billion, a record high level. As expected, days sales outstanding for the period improved to 74 days from 86 days, with the shipment profile more linear than in the March quarter. Inventory turns improved to 3.5 times. We completed the issuance of $2.4 billion in principal value of investment grade senior notes in May. This issuance together with $1.5 billion in term loans completes the required financing for the KLA-Tencor transaction. The net interest expense associated with the $2.4 billion financing is $4 million and is excluded from our non-GAAP results in this quarter. On a full-quarter basis, the net interest expense from this new debt will be approximately $18 million. The deferred revenue balance at the end of the June quarter stood at $566 million, an 11% increase quarter-over-quarter. That number excludes approximately $132 million from shipments to customers in Japan, which will convert to revenue in future quarters, and recall that those Japan shipments remain as inventory carried at cost on the balance sheet. I expect that deferred revenue will again grow in the September quarter. Company non-cash expenses during the quarter included the following: $39 million for equity comp, $39 million for amortization, and $36 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $52 million, which was up from $46 million in the March quarter. CapEx projects included investment in infrastructure expansion from an additional engineering lab space to support the growth of the company. During the quarter, we sold our San Jose campus for net proceeds of approximately $80 million and a gain of $15 million. This gain is excluded from our non-GAAP results. This transaction is part of our R&D consolidation into the Fremont site. We exited the quarter with approximately 7,500 regular full-time employees. The growth in head count was primarily related to growth in factory resources to support the growing business level. Additionally, we added some R&D heads. So now, looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the September quarter. We're expecting shipments of $1.700 billion, plus or minus $75 million. This midpoint would represent a record level of shipments for Lam Research. We expect revenue of $1.625 billion, again plus or minus $75 million. This midpoint would also represent a record level of revenue. We expect gross margin of 45.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Gross margin is down sequentially due to higher customer concentration in September. We forecast operating margins of 22.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally we forecast earnings per share of $1.77, plus or minus $0.10, based on a share count of approximately 176 million shares. This earnings per share number excludes the $18 million associated with the $2.4 billion KLA-Tencor financing. The net interest expense will be excluded from our non-GAAP results until such time as the deal closes. We expect both shipments and revenue to be stronger in the second half than the first half with mid to high single digit growth in shipments in the second half of the calendar year compared to the first half. We expect revenue growth in the second half to outpace shipment growth half over half. We expect to deplete some of the deferred revenue balance by the end of the calendar year. And that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Martin and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Tim Arcuri with Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I had two questions. I guess, first, Doug, I'm not sure if I heard the guidance right, but it sounds like the second half shipment guidance is sort of up mid to high singles. So that would imply that the fourth quarter shipments are down a smidge, they're down maybe $150 million. And I guess  and my question on that is, we've all heard about some recent big 3D NAND projects that may have sort of pulled into this year, so is that more  sounds like that's more of a Q3 phenomenon than a Q4 phenomenon? Thanks.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Tim, we've given you a firm number on calendar Q3, and then calendar Q4, it's more directional, that's why it's mid to high single digits, because I don't want to specifically pinned down to exactly what is December, and that's why we've put a range around it. But when we describe it, it represents our expectation for everything that's going on not just in 3D NAND, but foundry/logic as well.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Just to add to that, Tim, I would say the message that we would very deliberately emphasize is the outperformance opportunity long-term for the company in the inflection space and whether it's multi-patterning with logic or 3D NAND scaling. The ebbs and flows in any one quarter, or ebbs and flows from one customer to another, I mean, they  I guess, they're interesting at some level. But I think one of the headlines from the industry in the last two months, three months is a very strong strategic commitment to some inflections that fall directly into the wheelhouse of this company because of the intensity of etch and deposition-related process. So, yeah, there's always an ebb and flow, but the headline  I hope you help us with, which is long-term commitment for customers to inflections that are extremely relevant for the future of this company.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Good point.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Totally, Martin. Okay, great. And then a follow-up question is on China. So of course, overnight, two of the bigger projects in China, the Tsinghua plant and XMC, they merged to form a new venture. Obviously, they still need IP, but it seems like maybe there is a little more confidence that this project could sort of get off the ground. I know, Doug, you guys have been a little more, I think, not cautious, but a little more realistic, I'd say on China that it's sort of like an even-sum game. So sort of in light of that recent development, can you talk a little bit about China and whether you're seeing any increased signs that maybe you could see some business from these indigenous projects on the memory side next year? Thanks.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I'll let Martin handle this one.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I think  I don't really think there's a kind of deliberate kind of tone differentiation for Lam relative to a China agenda. We all see exactly the same thing, more or less at exactly the same time, and what we said, I think, fairly consistently is that, the conviction to an IC 2020 and 2025 agenda appears very solid and robust. There are very strategic actions sometimes involving global companies, sometimes the domestic community. We are tracking at least 20 different fab level kind of ambition statements. And there is a full spectrum of kind of probability associated with each one of those. There clearly is, over a multiple year timeframe, more than 1 million wafer starts per month out there as a kind of reference point for installed based capacity in China. Relative to it being incremental, for me that's all about performance and cost of devices. And if the performance and cost of devices out of China can be a catalyst and a trigger for incremental demand, it's kind of positive for a global kind of industry including Lam. So time will tell. But clearly the commitment appears to be there. And as Doug said in his prepared comments, China is not an insignificant part of the revenue for the industry and the company.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, Tim, just to remind you, whatever happens in China, we are going to be involved substantially. Our share position, our presence there is very strong. So whatever is going on, be it a global multinational or an indigenous Chinese customer, we're extremely well-positioned.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Of course. Okay. Thank you so much.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you guys have done any analysis in terms of the current level of DRAM shipments. If you know kind of where we're tracking for DRAM supply next year kind of given the rate of investment we've seen, if you have any thoughts on that?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I think we've done analytics, but we're not going to kind of get ahead of our customers relative to quantitative disclosure. We feel really good about kind of the ASP dynamic in the last several months and the inventory situation generally, I think those are kind of positive trends, the discipline appears to be in the system. We end the year, we believe, with a smaller installed base than we began the year. There's plenty of opportunity left to improve the performance and lower the cost of DRAM chips from conversions. I've said in my prepared comments, no more than 50% converted to the 20-nanometer technology node by end of year. So we are biased to a positive spending year in DRAM next year. But we're going to hold off on dollars until little later in the year.
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then I guess just  when you talk about that, that's more based on your extrapolating what the DRAM environment will look like next year, or are you sort of hearing forecast from your customers that spending would pick up next year in DRAM?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I guess, the humorous response would be, we don't just make it up. So it's an educated judgment from the analytics of the company and a lot of dialog with our customers. I mean, we try to give you the best perspective we have, and I just did.
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question; when you think about an environment with shipments down in Q4, curious how we should think about deferred revenues cascading in given that they're at record levels today and you suggested they would grow further in September. So curious how we should think about that coming through? And then what would the impact be to gross margins?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: So I described an expectation that next quarter deferred revenues will grow again. They grew this quarter. You normally see that when shipments are above revenue, which obviously we've had the last couple of quarters now. I also described an expectation in the scripted remarks that I expect by the end of the year to deplete some of the deferred revenue, and obviously that will happen then in the June quarter if it's growing in September. So that's the way to think about it. Gross margin, C.J., I'm really only going to guide at one quarter at a time. There isn't anything magic about the deferred revenue and gross margin. It's more of what the product mix is, the customer concentration, all of that.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Okay. Very helpful. And then I guess as a quick follow-up, hoping to, I guess, dig a little bit into the KT transaction, can you update us on what needs to get done on a regulatory basis? And then whether you can extend the bridge financing beyond October 20? I think I saw that as an important date in the filing. Thank you.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I'll let Doug deal with the financing part of that question. What needs to get done is, we need to get consent from agencies that we haven't got consent from. We're working hard to that. We've obviously communicated to you today a delay relative to our original September reference. We might be lucky and still be pleasantly surprised, but we don't expect to receive consent globally inside of the September quarter. We're targeting before mid October. And obviously the disclosure of the company will stay consistent with our learnings. We feel the deal is clearly a compelling value proposition to our customers and our company. We feel better about it today as the value proposition than ever. I think even as recently at SEMICON West, we had a couple of customer meetings with clear statements of interest in the joint development activity and the innovation that would be possible when Lam and KT come together. We're targeting closure as fast as practically possible and obviously looking forward to being part of one company.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: And then, C.J., you're right. The term loans have an expiration that would be in the 20th of October and were we still to be going back and forth and we extend the deal timing, then I'd have to go extend those as well. Wouldn't be all that hard to do it.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Okay. Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid quarterly execution. Last quarter, the team was somewhat optimistic on second half shipments being up over first half but a little bit tempered just given the DRAM fundamental environment. Obviously, this call, you seem extremely confident. You even quantified the growth in second half shipments. What segments or programs are driving the better second half view relative to outlook 90 days ago? Is it truly broad-based across memory, foundry and logic or is it skewed towards one segment or the other?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I would say, relatively speaking to the commentary of the company three months ago, it's memory and foundry both and it's exactly where you'd expect it to be of 3D NAND and demand related with broad industry commitment to that technology and it's 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer focused with as best I can tell very good tape-outs and customer engagement commentary from the customers that are making those investments. So it's definitely not just a single segment or limited customer commentary.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the insights there, Martin. And given the stabilization in DRAM pricing, as you mentioned, there is a focus on profitability. As you mentioned, 50% of the capacity may be transitioned to 20-nanometers exiting this year. But there also seems like there is a sense of acceleration on some of the leaders in the space to make the move to 18-nanometer and 16-nanometer nodes. So I'm wondering if you're seeing this reflected in your second half shipment outlook and your thoughts on shipped 1X capacity as we exit this year for DRAM.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean I think the essence of fundamental value in these conversions is kind of well understood and I don't think debated. I think appropriately, our customers are disciplined around supply and demand in their respective industry. They're conscious not just of adding capacity, but making money on the chips they build. And so we are very confident that as the cycle of demand emerges, and there's a decent amount of commentary on content expansion in some of our devices, as well as some positive signs in terms of unit demand on the low and mid end. This will kind of naturally play itself out. So, I don't really think it's a big second-half commentary for us, which is why we've articulated an expectation of calendar 2017 biased to the positive and that certainly when we would expect the supply and demand kind of conversation to be more or less behind us.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: And Harlan...
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the insights.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, there is a little bit of 1X conversion occurring. But that really is going to be more about what's happening next year.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the insights.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Romit Shah with Nomura. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yes, thank you. I just wanted to ask about the deal because there's been uncertainty as to whether or not it's going to go through. And I think part of this stems from what happened last year. You know AMAT, TEL  yeah, that was a deal that was consistently delayed until it ultimately got killed. And with KLA this is  from what I understand the second time that you guys have delayed the timing of the closure. So, I guess the question is why should we be more confident that this transaction actually goes through?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I guess I don't really get chance to comment about your confidence. I will tell you that we believe this transaction is fundamentally different than the conversation and the transaction that you just referred to. There is no overlap whatsoever. We strongly believe in the merits of this transaction. We believe it's pro-competitive. We believe that Lam and KT together can innovate and deliver value to our customers beyond what we can do as independent companies. We are, as you know, from prior disclosure, codifying kind of the behavior that will be relevant to the company with the consent decree conversation, and I think we're on records in prior earnings calls on that point. One part of that obviously is describing our commitment to the entire semiconductor ecosystem relative to availability, supply and support kind of KT products. And that's just kind of part of this process. And we're stepping through and working diligently and collaboratively with agencies. We respect their work products. And as you likely anticipate, the crystal ball of Lam Research doesn't extend beyond the precision that we're kind of currently articulating. So we're doing the best we can to give you our best knowledge and we'll continue to make that commitment.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: And Martin, is customer feedback really important and do you feel like there is a difference here with what you guys are trying to do with KLA versus previous deals?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Maybe I don't want to get trapped in a comparison here. I will tell you what I've tried to communicate from the beginning here. Obviously, we're doing this for the benefit of our customers. We believe we can innovate more and contribute more value to our customers and support their technology and economic roadmaps with this transaction. We believe if we do that, there will be more opportunity for our company and hence all stakeholders benefit. So we believe passionately in that value proposition, and we spent a decent amount of time working the conversation indirectly and sometimes directly with our customers to make sure the strategic choices were lined up with their expectations. There's always an ebb and a flow and I'm sure every  one customer has a slightly different characterization of this. But I feel, as least as best as I can tell from my personal interactions with customers, there's much more support than not and much more interest in exploring innovation potentials.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. My first question was on 3D NAND. I appreciate 2017 is still a couple of quarters out but was curious how you guys were thinking about 3D NAND spend into next year. Are there enough projects out there? And is the mix broad-based, enough for you to predict another healthy year?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Well, I think if the  yeah  I'm going to stay away from quantitative again if I may, but qualitatively, we think this is probably one of the most healthy spaces in the semiconductor industry because there are some very compelling value propositions and growth opportunities for semiconductors with solid state drive technology particularly. So again  in any one quarter, there's an ebb and a flow precisely how it plays out, but broad industry commitment to this technology and very compelling growth opportunities as we characterized in our prepared comments today .
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you. And my follow-up is on EUV. It seems like your customers are warming up to the idea of EUV insertion at the 7 nanometer node. Have you also sensed a slight change in tone as it relates to their approach to EUV? And it would also be helpful if you could help us understand how your opportunity in etch and dep would differ between a world with no EUV and perhaps some EUV? Thank you.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: A gentleman by the name of Peter Wennink is much more qualified to answer your question than I am. So, as we've said a number of times, we are invested in extending immersion and enabling EUV to the best of our abilities, so as an etch and deposition and clean company. And we believe that the inflection opportunities, multi-patterning opportunities in DRAM and logic for us extend into an EUV implementation. So when that happens, which we hope it does in the best interests of the semiconductor industry and our customers, we are there to support, and we believe the multi-patterning growth opportunity continues in that context. So no major tone comment from me at the customer interface because obviously we dialog much more about our business than ASML's.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: You are welcome.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for taking the question. You, obviously, guided NAND to be little bit stronger this year. I just wanted to probe the linearity of NAND. Do you still see the NAND shipment has been primarily first half weighted?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: It's a little stronger in the first half than the second half, Farhan. It continues, though, to be quite strong as we look into the second half.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And then, Doug, can you talk about how much of the cash is onshore versus offshore?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Well, it has materially changed. All of the $2.4 billion that we raised, obviously, is domestically available. Taking that out, the remaining balance sheet cash, it's still about 20% or 25%. As it pertains to funding the transaction, we have all the domestic cash that we need to complete the KLA-Tencor transaction.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. That's all I have.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Farhan.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go ahead next to Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. Hi, Martin and Doug. Nice results.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Stephen.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Just a question on the customer concentration, it looks like Lam shipments to Southeast Asia were up a lot in the quarter. Was this region mostly one customer? And is Lam likely to see a different top three customer list every quarter? And it's basically just up to you to manage this quarterly customer lumpiness?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. There is primarily one big customer investing in Southeast Asia. That I'm sure you know who it is, Stephen. And, yeah, you're going to see variability quarter-to-quarter as these very large fab projects get undertaken. They will come in and then they will need to ramp and then another one will come in and they will need to ramp. And so you're going to get variability due to that. That's just the nature of this business.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I mean to the manage reference, I don't think we get chance to manage it. We are biased to give our customers what they need...
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: That's right.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: ...when they need it to the best of our abilities. And as Doug says many times, that that creates an up and a down, week-to-week, months-to-months, and quarter-to-quarter in every element of our financial statement, and it's tough for you we realize. Hopefully, you realize it's tough for us as well.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: And Stephen just one last comment on this. I mean, I always refer back to the public financial model that we put out there is the best way to kind of think about things over time. When we put that together, we did our best to, kind of, model some level of variability. It doesn't mean it's going to be exactly those numbers, but that's the right kind of medium to longer term way to think about it.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for sharing that color. My follow-up question is on shipments to logic customers. We saw Lam recently win a Preferred Quality Supplier award from Intel last year. Congratulations on that. But we still haven't seen a big inflection in Lam shipments to logic customers. Just curious, if you still see logic as a customer segment that you're confident you're taking market share from and maybe future upside? Thanks.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Absolutely, yes.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. Definitively.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I told them one, Doug  I know you don't want to comment on December, but I'm just curious if December revenues are flat versus September, would the gross margins be up in December?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Again, I'm only guiding gross margin one quarter at a time. Usually  everything else equal, if you have a higher level of revenue, margins will tend to be better. But you got all the mix that I've always described. So you can't necessarily just run to that conclusion.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. And then a follow-up for Martin. When you look at the 3D NAND as you go into like 64 layers, 96 layers and beyond, does the etching composition shift more towards dielectric etch versus conductor, or do you think conductor actually remains a major portion of the overall etch market in 3D NAND?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I don't think I have a segment message for you, more or less because I think the productivity solution set that will play out in high-volume manufacturing for the types of vertical scaling that you just described, have perhaps still a lot of work from the entire supply chain and also from the customer. So I would say watch this space, and if we see anything of value to communicate, we will. Again to reemphasize what I said in my prepared comments, the 2D to 3D transition for us was very strong with a 7 percentage point to 10 percentage point share gain for the company. Another, kind of, couple of data points that I would give you on 3D NAND for the company from a market share perspective. In general, the development tool of record decisions that translate into production tool of record decisions actually got stronger for us. And the other reference, I would give you is that obviously our presence in critical applications, which is really a commentary on quality of earnings is very, very strong. So we're right at the center of enabling, and that puts pressure on us but we feel really pleased about the position of the company.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Martin, first in terms of the growing adoption for applications for both atomic layer deposition and etch, what's the market opportunity as a whole that you see for those type of products?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: That's something that, if I may, I'd like to defer to our analyst meeting planned for November because, to your point, atomic level processing  generally for us, atomic level etch and atomic level deposition is a very central part to the opportunity for growth in the company, and competitive differentiation and also quality of earnings. So I would prefer delay, if I may, until our November meeting on that point.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Fair enough. And then maybe, for Doug, now that you're approaching record shipments, and obviously you've done a really good job up to this point with the high level shipments and probably a lot of pulls and pushes. Can you just discuss or give a little bit of color and some of the tactics, either whether it's the supply chain, manufacturing or how you're managing these record levels, especially as they keep growing?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: I mean as I talked about, we have added resources in the manufacturing organization. You've seen our inventory balances tick up a little bit in anticipation of very strong shipments. And I think specifically the reason Martin in his scripted remarks thanked our suppliers, is they've supported our ramps very, very well. We've been talking to them well in advance of them needing to grow their volumes so that they are going to be ready for this. And I think we've executed extraordinarily well and will continue to. You manage the churn as it happens. And we've got a great global operations group that is really good at what we do.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And thanks for taking my question. So in terms of foundry spending, it looks like the 28 nanometer and 40 nanometer and maybe 200 millimeter as well seems to have a longer life cycle because of low and mid range films phones. How do you think that changes your WFE forecast this year or next year? Or maybe it's just related to your service business, any way you can quantify it?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: I don't know if I'll give you as much as you want. I'll give you as much as you want. 28-nanometer looks to be a very long node. And we're seeing even some 40-nanometer investments occurring. I think it has somewhat to do with low and mid end phones for sure. It's got equal amount to do with kind of where IoT stuff is going and that is how we monetize some of the installed base business as well. We're looking at that very differently in terms of that opportunity. And you're right. Some of the stuff is even 200 millimeter equipment. So we're very focused on it. I don't know if that was what you're looking for. But 28-nanometer is going to be around for a while.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. My follow-up question is curious about your thoughts on another deal in the space between litho company and a process control company. I guess from a KLA perspective, does that change in any way your thoughts on the combined company SAM expansion opportunity?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: No, I don't think it changes our objectives or our strategy. I think in many respects it probably validates the legitimacy of the vision to bring process and process control capability together at some level to innovate for the success of our customers. So it's another data point. There are others with other peer companies and other competitors. Sometimes it's an acquisitive action like the one you just refer to. Sometimes it's organic. There are plenty of examples now in our the industry where people are employing similar strategies. If your question maybe more relates to the competitive dynamic between e-beam and optical, our sense is that industry consensus is very complementary technologies. We're not obviously in a position to speak to KLA's business. But from the seat that we have with limited knowledge of the details, the latest generation optical inspection capabilities that KLA has brought to the market appear very robust and getting pretty solid traction. So, no real change in how we think about it, perhaps further validation of the vision. And to kind of restate what I said before, we're targeting to close this thing and we're working diligently with agencies to get that done. We never have any guarantees, but we're working hard to do that a little later than the September timeframe, targeting right now, mid-October.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Thanks, Sidney.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Yeah, thanks. Actually I had a similar question on the ASML-Hermes deal, but from a different angle, I was looking at it as an opportunity for Lam potentially given that you have a pretty tight relationship with ASML already and they are talking about doing pre-and post etch measurements and creating a holistic litho loop that extends into the process arena. So, I was just wondering, if you could maybe tell us how closely you're collaborating with ASML on this type of application, and if you think there's an opportunity to maybe gain market share, if you can drive customers to use more Lam tools in a holistic litho loop.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: I think it's kind of premature for me to start talking about collaboration when we haven't actually closed our deal yet. But, obviously, to your point, the relationship between the companies is good and strong. We work diligently both to support the long-term success of our customers and I see that trend continuing. So, we all have some version of the same vision I think to deliver more predictable process to our customers, to open up process windows, to deliver their roadmaps with higher quality, lower cost IC devices, and whether we call that holistic litho or holistic etch or holistic dep or holistic process, we've all got our own nomenclature, but I think the strategy and the model of collaboration for our company is set to continue, I hope, for many years.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. And then as a follow-up just looking at the model, guidance implies that OpEx would increase meaningfully next quarter. Just wondering if most of that falls into R&D and if you could give us an idea of what level of R&D increase you're looking at throughout the rest of the next fiscal year?
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah, a decent amount of it, Wes, is R&D, and again the right way to think about how we're going to spend money is pinned on that financial model. Obviously as we grow, we need to invest more to continue to grow and that's part of how we think about it. In the back half of the year given a little bit stronger P&L, there's also a general increase in that variable compensation piece that varies with the P&L.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: That's helpful.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Just extending that answer a little bit further. I don't think we've ever invested more in the future of this company than we are today. I mean, I feel really good about the distribution of operating expenses to R&D and SG&A, I think we kind of set a tone. And whether we're the best in the industry or one of the best, I'm sure you guys can figure out but the 63% reference is something we worked hard for. If you look at the last several years since 2013, we have increased our investments in R&D by more than 30%. And in that same timeframe, the increase in investments in SG&A is about 10%. So, investing in the future of the company to prepare us for the inflections that we're describing, today's inflection is getting bigger and the next generation inflections central to long term success for the company.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Okay. Perfect. Our last question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yep. Thanks. Glad I stuck in over there. I guess, first off on the KT transaction, could you just talk about what are the concerns that you're hearing from regulators, because the deal seems fairly complementary and no real overlap. I'm curious what's the feedback you're getting. And is there anyone other than the DOJ that's giving you negative feedback or concerns on the deal?
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. We're not really in a position to talk about the conversations we're having with regulators. I mean, the essence of this deal, as I said a couple of times, is no product overlap. We believe a compelling and pro-competitive value proposition for the benefit of our customers. We have made broad commitments to the ecosystem relative to supply and availability in support of process control equipments. And the protocols around intellectual property protection are well established in this industry and the company. So, I mean those are the qualitative statements I can make around your question. But the specifics of our dialog with agencies unfortunately we're not at liberty to dialog about.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. And if I just follow up, if get your comments on the back half shipments right, I mean, you're implying December could be down modestly. Is that essentially just a pause that you're seeing maybe on the 3D NAND side, or is something else driving that shipment down in December, and I get it could be lumpy but I'm curious what's the driver this time around in December.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. I wouldn't describe it as a pause. I mean there is just a  every customer has their own cycle of investment. And they can't continue to jam tons of capacity into their fabs like forever so they add and then they pause a little bit, but there's no generic kind of industry cycle type pause commentary that we can make. And frankly I don't think we'll ever be able to make. I think the industry is very different today as a result of consolidation.
Douglas R. Bettinger - Lam Research Corp.: Yeah. It's just timing of projects. I mean it's nothing more than that.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Martin Brian Anstice - Lam Research Corp.: Thank you.
Satya Kumar - Lam Research Corp.: Operator?
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now hand the program back over to Satya Kumar for any additional or closing remarks.
Satya Kumar - Lam Research Corp.: Yes. Thank you everyone for joining our conference call. Our Analyst Day is scheduled for November 16. Do make a note of that. We've issued a press release on that. Thanks once again.
Operator: And that does conclude today's program. We'd like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day, and you may disconnect at any time

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - Vice President, Investor Relations Martin Anstice - President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas Bettinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Tim Arcuri - Cowen and Company Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley Patrick Ho - Stifel Steven Chin - UBS Chris Shankar - Bank of America C.J. Muse - Evercore Edwin Mok - Needham and Company Wes Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we'll share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the March 2016 quarter, our outlook for the June 2016 quarter and provide an update on our planned business combination with KLA-Tencor. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1:00 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the company's website, along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future events. All statements made that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements based on the current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. These forward-looking statements include the timing for the closure of the proposed business combination with KLA-Tencor, the benefits to be realized from the transaction, the anticipated structure of future combined operations and our guidance on revenues, shipments, costs, margins, share count and earnings. Other forward-looking topics that we expect to cover are included in the slide deck accompanying our remarks. We encourage you to review the risk factors disclosure in our public filings with the SEC, including our 10-Ks and 10-Qs. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis, unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM Pacific Time, and as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up, so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, the replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, I'll hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Satya, and thank you all for joining us today for our quarterly earnings conference call. This afternoon I will share highlights from the March quarter, provide some perspective on how we're performing relative to our growth objectives and share a commentary on the industry environment so far this year. Prior to turning the call over to Doug, I will conclude my prepared remarks with a status update on our planned business combination with KLA-Tencor. Lam Research is off to a very solid beginning in 2016, with our March quarter results providing evidence of continued strong execution against our longer-term outperformance ambition. 2016 is a year where connected with the device architecture and process flow decisions of our customers, also with our decisions several years back to invest toward a long-term in enabling key technology inflections, we actively compete for more than 30% of WFE. In the quarter just ended, we delivered revenues and shipments above the midpoints of our guidance, and gross margin, operating income and non-GAAP EPS that were all above the high-end of our guidance range. We demonstrated business model flexibility by managing core operating expenses to a level lasts reported a year ago, while growing investments in R&D over the same period. Importantly, the results this quarter reflect a healthy balance of leadership focus on both our short-term and long-term. Most important of course is our long-term commitments to the success of our customers. Overall, our performance is a testament to the high-quality focus, the teamwork and execution of Lam employees throughout the company, and for that I would like to thank them all sincerely. As we evaluate the performance of Lam currently and develop strategies to support our vision for the combined company, we are driven by the opportunity for compelling value creation. Standalone and combined with KLA-Tencor, we model robust and predictable cash generation, supplemented by growth outperformance and over time more opportunities for investing in profitable growth and returning excess cash to shareholders. The growth thesis for Lam over the next several years is rooted in our strategy to partner closely with our customers to enable key technology inflections, such as 3D device architecture and multi-patterning process flows, and is validated by our performance in the last several years. As our results reveal, this strategy is working and is enabling the increased strategic relevance of Lam Research in our industry. Calendar 2016 is a year, where industry spending trends are increasingly biased to disciplined and strategic investments across most device segments, which lends further supports to our conviction in a multiyear company outperformance opportunity. This spending bias, we contend also is a driver for continued healthy WFE spending levels for the foreseeable future, despite somewhat tepid macro conditions. Now, looking at our progress across the inflection, first with 3D NAND. We see increasing adoption rates of this technology, strong traction for our products and service offerings and growing clarity around next-generation device industry roadmaps. First generation 3D NAND production involves etching through 30 or more stacked pairs of films. But these are growing to 60 or more pairs for next-generation devices, resulting in increased challenges for critical high-aspect ratio dielectric etch and also staircase conductor etch. Our Flex F and G Series dielectric products, featuring proprietary iron energy control and high selectivity, have tripled their install base in the last year and established Lam as the market leader in dielectric etch segments. Our Kiyo conductor etch platform with industry leading etch selectivity has enabled more than a two times improvements in the number of layers that can be etched in-situ for staircase applications, with the results that a majority of 3D NAND customers have now included Lam in their staircase etch HVM purchases. Our VECTOR ALD platform offers differentiated processing capability, allowing expansion of our SAM from multi-patterning to now include 3D NAND gap filled applications also. Turning to FinFETs and multi-patterning. During the quarter, we continued to build on the momentum of our differentiated Kiyo with hydra-conductor etch and Flex dielectric etch platforms for critical front-end-of-line FinFET transistor solutions for 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer technology nodes. As we communicated at the recent SPIE lithography conference, atomic level processing to control variability is increasingly critical for multiple patterning and that need will persist in an EUV-enabled environment. Our customers at the conference continued to affirm their strategy of leveraging improvements in both EUV and multi-patterning to address their needs and together with our peer group. We have conviction, the deposition and etch multi-patterning applications will grow for many years to come. Fundamental to enabling our share gains have been the performance of our 35,000-plus process module install base and in calendar '15, a 10 points improvements in our customer satisfaction indexes. On this last point, it was extremely satisfying that our logic segment capabilities and partnership have progressed to a point where we were one of very few companies recognized recently as preferred quality supplier to Intel. The focus we explained at SEMICON West 2015 of developing new value-add product and services is intended to provide our customers productivity, utilization and reuse benefits, in addition to creating new SAM growth opportunities across leading-edge and mature technology nodes for our company. As planned, over a multiyear period, we are on schedule for our install base business revenues to outgrow materially our install base units' expansion. In calendar '16, our emphasis includes implementing systemic improvements in customer satisfaction, increasing our spares market share with new products differentiated by Lam-specific OEM knowledge in learning, and building upon the early adoption successes of new install based advanced services and productivity solutions achieved last year. Now, I would like to provide a brief updates on demand and WFE trends. Expectations of the experts for global economic growth have been revised slightly lower, since our last report. End-market demand trends for technology products remain mixed with additional weakness in the PC market and relatively stable, although lower than expected growth rates in mobile. Meanwhile, we continue to expect solid demand for leading-edge silicon in the enterprise market, driven by the long-term move to the cloud, storage and competition applications both. More importantly perhaps, we believe that Lam and the equipment industry broadly have an opportunity and responsibility to innovate for and with our customers to create a catalyst for the high levels of IC unit demand. Certainly, that is our conviction and thinking, both as a standalone process company and combined with KLA-Tencor. Our outlook for the memory market continues to reflect the offsetting factors of strong 3D NAND spending and meaningful declines in DRAM spending, driven largely by PC weakness year-over-year. The latter has resulted in now well-publicized and rational response from our DRAM customers, which should continue to help improve the ICE unit supply demand balanced. We expect the DRAM capacity to remain essentially flat-to-slightly down this year. DRAM WFE we estimate to represents mid-to-high $5 billion spending this year, focused almost exclusively on 20-nanometer and 1x nanometer upgrade investments to improve cost competiveness and device performance. We expect non-volatile memory industry WFE to exceed $9 billion in 2016 with every industry participants committed to the 3D roadmap. Spending patterns and the strategic actions by our customers in 2016 offer the clearest evidence yet. The 3D NAND and new non-volatile memories are evolving to have a transformational influence on the computes and storage industry, as device and system architectures evolve for consumer and enterprise cloud applications. 3D NAND in particular has an integration scheme that is heavily biased towards deposition and etch, a statement that is increasingly true as the customers transition from building Greenfield 3D fabs to conversions from 2D to 3D, and eventually from first generation 3D through subsequent vertical scaling. We assess that the equipment industry remains on track to ship a cumulative 350,000 to 400,000 wafer starts per month of 3D NAND capacity by the end of 2016, which includes around two-thirds by yearend production qualified. The headline for LAM is that with just under a quarter of global capacity 3D NAND capable by the end of this year, we are in very early stages of a multiyear growth opportunity. There is much for us to be excited about. We continue to expect flat-to-slightly better WFE in foundry and logic, where the majority of the spending is focused on strategic investments to enable 10-nanometer technology, although as stated previously, IoT applications, automotive, wearables and low-end phones, et cetera, are driving a healthy resurgence of 28-nanometer capital expenditure. Doug will provide more details in our financial guidance, but our shipments outlook in a flattish WFE environment is consistent with our ongoing outperformance commentary and prior long-term models. We ended this quarter with our strongest backlog and deferred revenue balance combined in the recent history of Lam, and we expect stronger shipments in June with sequential growth of approximately 9%. We retain our 2016 WFE outlook of 33 billion plus or minus 2 billion. And from a momentum perspective guide the first half '16 shipments stronger than our second half '15. And although slightly muted perhaps from our more conservative DRAM outlook today and some first half, second half rebalancing, we're still encouraged by the potential for slightly stronger shipment second half '16 over our first half '16. Now, I will conclude with some comments on the planned combination of Lam Research with KLA-Tencor. As a reminder, with continued execution and our priority on being number one in customer trust, we have the confidence that standalone Lam Research has a continuing growth outperformance opportunity over the next several years. We have elected to use this recent period of strength and an exciting outlook to pursue an even more strategic agenda to innovate beyond, what is possible, in two great companies separately for the benefit of all stakeholders. We invested a number of years developing the strategy with our customers and believe with all subsequent interactions, they are materially invested in the success of our vision. They trust our genuine commitments to the broad ecosystem and they are increasingly motivated by the opportunity for new joint development projects together. As we move through the early stages of integration planning, and our conviction in the business combination and the opportunities that will drive for the customer and combined company is only getting stronger. The integration planning team has been focused on understanding the organizational design and business processes of the two companies in order to ensure a seamless transition for our customers, suppliers and employees. We have announced internally and introduced to our customers a very strong global leadership team with balanced representation from both companies. Although, we remain two separate companies until the dates of deal closing, and until that time our most fundamental responsibility is to deliver on preexisting commitments made to our customers. Comprehensive integration activities have reinforced our confidence in achieving both, the stated cost and revenue synergies. In recent weeks, we received approval from both KT and Lam stockholders and have received regulatory approvals in Israel, Taiwan and Ireland. We are actively engaged with all other required agencies and remain confident that we will close the transaction some time around midyear. Our best estimate is June, July, plus or minus a couple of months. With that, let me turn the call over to Doug, who will provide an updates on the March quarter and our guidance for June.
Douglas Bettinger: Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on what I know is a busy earnings day. We're pleased with the momentum to be starting the year with. Our results for the March quarter came in above the midpoint of guidance for all metrics. Shipments for the quarter were $1.446 billion, which was up 12% sequentially and above the midpoint of the guided range. Memory shipments were strong in the quarter with the combined memory segment making up 70% of total system-level shipments, and that compares with 65% in the prior quarter. Memory shipments were weighted heavily toward the non-volatile segment, which represented 43% of system shipments in the March quarter. This is up from 23% in the prior quarter, driven by ongoing customer investments in 3D NAND wafer capacity as well as increasing layer counts. We continue to see 3D NAND spending focused on both new wafers as well as technology conversions. DRAM made up 27% of the shipments, which was down from 42% in the December quarter. We're seeing continued discipline spending in the DRAM segment with a focus on 20-nanometer technology conversions to both reduce cost per bit and to enable improved performance. The foundry segment was up slightly in dollar terms in the March quarter accounting for 23% of system shipments. Foundry spending is focused on both leading-edge 10-nanometer investments as well as continued spending at 28-nanometer and above. The logic and other segment contributed 7% of system shipments. Shipments into the China region were particularly strong in March, representing 27% of total shipments. The majority of the spending in China continues to be spent by global multinational customers putting capacity in place within the country. Revenue came in at $1.314 billion in the March quarter, which was down roughly 8% from the December quarter. This revenue result was consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Gross margin for the period came in at 45.1%, somewhat stronger than we expected. Better field and factory utilization and favorable product mix benefited gross margin in the quarter. And as I've shared with you before, our gross margins are a function of a number of factors, such as overall business volumes, product mix and customer concentration, and you should expect to see some variability quarter-to-quarter. I'd like to remind you that our financial model is still the best way to think about our ongoing performance. Operating expense in the quarter were roughly flat at $350 million and this compares to $352 million in the December quarter. The majority of our spending continues to be allocated to funding our critical R&D programs. These investments are important in preparing for the current and next-generation technology inflections, enabling us to take full advantage of the opportunities ahead of us. Operating income in the March quarter came in at $242 million and that compares to $296 million in the prior quarter. Operating margin was 18.4% above the high-end of the guided range, due to both the higher revenue as well as a stronger gross margin. The tax rate for the quarter was 14% and that compares with 7% last quarter. That by the way was about what we expected. A tax rate in the low-to-mid teens for the remainder of 2016 would be reasonable for you to use in your earnings models. Based on a share count of approximately 172 million shares, earnings per share for the March quarter were $1.18, above the guidance range. The share count includes dilution on a non-GAAP basis from both the 2016 and 2041 convertible notes with the total dilutive impact of about 11 million shares. Dilution schedules for the 2016, 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. We returned $48 million in dividend distributions to our shareholders. This equated to $0.30 on a per share basis. We did not repurchase any shares in the open market in the March quarter, consistent with our stated plans ahead of closing the proposed KLA-Tencor transaction. So now, let me turn to the balance sheet. We continue to have a healthy cash position. Cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, increased to $4.8 billion at the end of the quarter. Cash from operations was $183 million and that compares to $295 million in December. The March shipment profile was biased toward the backend of the quarter, resulting in an increase in both accounts receivable and days sales outstanding quarter-over-quarter. DSO increased to 86 days in March. I expect this will reduce in the June quarter, as linearity is less back-end weighted. The quality of our receivable balance continues to be very strong. We've got a bluechip set of customers. Inventory turns declined to 3.2x due to the inventory build for the growth in the June quarter. Days payable outstanding extended to 46 days as a result of the timing of purchases within the quarter. Cash generation was partially offset by dividends paid as well as capital expenditures. We exited the quarter with deferred revenues of $511 million, which is up from $395 million in December. This amount excludes $121 million in shipments to customers in Japan, which will revenue in future quarters. These Japanese shipments remain on our balance sheet as inventory carried at cost. Company non-cash expenses for the quarter included $35 million for equity comp, $39 million for amortization and $35 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $46 million, which was up from $28 million in the December quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately 7,300 regular full-time employees, which was flat with December. Looking ahead now, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the June quarter. We expect shipments of $1.575 billion, plus or minus $75 million. We expect revenue of $1.525 billion, again plus or minus $75 million. We expect gross margin of 46%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. I do expect that the September quarter gross margin will be a little bit softer than in June due to customer concentration and product mix, and we forecast operating margins of 22%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally, we're forecasting earnings per share of $1.63, plus or minus $0.10, based on a share count of approximately 173 million shares. We're pleased with our performance this quarter and with the guidance we've just shared for the June quarter. We're delivering financial results coming from the strategic focus of the company on creating differentiated product and service offerings that enable the success of our customers. As we sit here today, I continue to expect that second half of the year will have a stronger topline in the first half due to investments in leading-edge foundry and logic. And just one last item I'd like to share with you. We will not be doing our normal Investor Day at SEMICON West this year. Our plans will be to do something later in the year, likely in the month of November. We will announce exact dates and venue later in the year as we finalize our plans. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Martin and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we can take our first question from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Couple of questions. Could you just, maybe I missed this, but the gross margin dynamics, could you talk about what's driving the 90 basis points uptick sequentially in the June quarter? And how much of that is really leveraged versus mixed driven? And then what exactly is having with the mix in September, I guess, that takes it down again? And could you quantify that number for us?
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. There's a lot of different things that move gross margin around, which are overall business levels, you get product mix, you get a little bit of customer concentration some times that move it around. You've got a combination of all of those things occurring in the June quarter. And then it softens up a little bit in September, which is why I gave you a little bit of that color, which I normally wouldn't do. I think it will be a little bit later in the September.
Amit Daryanani: And is there a way to think about just the quantification of how much -- is it the 90 basis points that reverses back in September or a much smaller number potentially?
Douglas Bettinger: I'm not going to quantify it numerically except just to tell you, it's going to be a little bit softer.
Amit Daryanani: And if I can just follow-up on the KLA transaction. Could you just talk about what are the regulatory requirements or any other milestones that's left to be achieved? I know, you mentioned, some that you've already done, but I'm curious what's left over here for the deal to close.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, we don't have specific disclosure on the agencies that we're working with. We have more to do. And we're kind of public with disclosure as and when certain kind of milestones are achieved, so you kind of have what you have. I think the important message is we're still confident of achieving approval for this transaction midyear. And I provide a little bit more kind of color in prepared comments. Again, basic headlines, there are no product overlaps between these two companies. And at least as best I can tell from every customer reaction I had before we announced this deal and every customer transaction that I've had the benefit of having subsequently, there is a genuine investments in the success of the combined company and the innovation that will be possible as a result of this investment.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Tim Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Tim Arcuri: So Martin, I just wanted to ask about China. And I know that most of the activity is from the multinationals right now, but can you sort of talk a bit about, there's a lot of these big huge chunky numbers out there, these big memory projects, most of them beginning at the end of this year and sort of into next year. And you can debate how much IP they have, but certainly, they seem pretty focused on spending their money. So I'm wondering whether you've thought about sort of what the incremental is to WFE or more specifically your business from the captive Chinese projects. Could it add a $2 billion to WFE as early as next year?
Martin Anstice: Well, I certainly think there is a very compelling and thoughtful strategic rationale for the investments. I mean, the kind of balance of payments motivation from my point of view at least is very intuitive. As Doug outlined in his prepared comments today, the majority of today's investment is the international companies. And so clearly, there is upside to the extent that's there are indigenous company investments made, which to your point require access to technology one way or other, either it's acquired partners or developed internally. My instinct is that in the long-term, the investment that's available to our industry, the investments in WFE, naturally balances around supply and demand. And so is there a spike at the beginning of a geographic commitment to an investment like China, probably yes, and exactly how much, to be determined in my opinion. But I think at least perhaps if not more important question is, what are the opportunities for incremental IC unit demand to be created from this investments and what's capital equipment additions would prevail in that context. And I think we all recognize that incremental IC unit growth only occurs when there are performance or costs benefits above and beyond the baseline. And certainly the partnerships that emerged in China between design houses, semiconductor companies, electronics companies and ultimately semiconductor manufacturers create opportunities for partnerships to be attacked with demand. And whether performance benefits prevail is to be determined, and cost benefits obviously capture the government incentives and agenda that are relevant particularly in China in next several years. So I do expect a bump to be determined how big, I do think it's an authentic agenda. I do think it will be executed with discipline and I think in the long-term it's all about the costs and the performance of a chip.
Tim Arcuri: And then I guess just as a quick follow-up. I think the numbers suggest that the industry is adding this year sort of from a trajectory point of view in 3D roughly 200,000 versus where you closed last year and versus that 350,000 to 400,000 that you'll close this year. So at that sort of 200,000 run rate, like is that a reasonable number to assume that the end of Q will add per year going forward or rather will convert or is this year a year that was like abnormally above that? I'm just sort of trying to figure out how many more years to a point really concerned about how many more years there is left on the conversion of the existing plane and I'm just trying to help that.
Martin Anstice: Yes. So I think as best I can tell, it's kind of to four years plus minus a bit, that's kind of the customer dialog. Another piece of data is the data that I think included in my prepared comments that the 350,000 to 400,000 is a ships capacity reference, probably a third of that is being qualified at the end of the year. So it will take some time to get production ready. There are, I think, 1.3 million wafer starts per month of capacity in the non-volatile memory space. So the headline is less than 25% of it is capable of making a 3D device by the end this year. I think your question, obviously, is specifically unanswerable, because at the end of the day the pace at which the customer transitions is a byproduct of success in the marketplace on performance and cost. But the momentum is clearly there. It is the device. And our customers have made that commitment. So I think 95% of spending this year is 3D device architecture. And they will, as best I can tell, execute that over a four-year period, plus or minus a bit. And so three to five years is probably a reasonable proxy, but it speeds up or slows down on the basis of cost and performance.
Martin Anstice: And Tim, as you know, even once it converted, 3D will evolve in terms of layer count and the architecture. So even after playing it, a 3D is done making that conversion 3D-to-3D has a long way in front it.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, I mean it's for sure. It's a 10-year roadmap to be very clear with you. And deposition and etch segments are well-recognized, I think, by every industry participants at this point, that we're kind of very central to vertical scaling. And the other reference I think that's relevant to answer your question is what's the roadmap for SSD. So this is probably the single biggest example in the semiconductor industry for IC unit demand creation. And there is a $30 billion hard disk drive marketplace that every solid-state drive company is pursing in our ability to contribute productivity and performance to that agenda is a real enabler of incremental IC unit demand, which is a supplement to what we're describing here. So from my point of view, it's a really exciting headline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Martin, you seemed confident on second half sales growth versus first half. You seem to have maybe a slightly more tempered view on second half shipment growth versus first half, maybe not as much as you had previously anticipated. I think you mentioned maybe a slightly lower DRAM spending profile. Any other moving pieces, logic or foundry, which slightly tempers your kind of second half shipment outlook?
Martin Anstice: No, simple answer. I mean, it really is kind of a PC and DRAM kind of story. There is a little bit of rebalancing going on between the June quarter and September quarter, but that will always be true and we'll probably see even more by the time we get there, in what direction I can't tell you today. But the headline for us in terms of the momentum, I think is really positive. We believe that as we're guiding today, our first half '16 shipments exceed our second half '15 shipments. We believe that we got potential for second half '16 shipments to exceed first half '16 shipments. And we're very confident that second half '16 revenues exceed first half '16 revenues. At a segment level, our first half '16 memory shipments exceed our second half '15 memory shipments. So that's probably a company specific commentary that you're going to have to kind of absorb and digest from a modeling point of view. But the real swing factor in terms of WFE was PC units and the consequence in DRAM, and certainly the good news is I made both of those statements, because if we had a PC adjustment and no adjustment in DRAM spending, we'd be setting ourselves up collectively for a bigger problem statement. So for me that's a great commentary on the industries ability to react through changes in their market.
Harlan Sur: And then solid job on the discipline OpEx implied within your guidance I think for the June quarter is a step up to about $365 million, it's still lower than the overall topline growth and responsible for the operating margin expansion. So as the team steps up revenues into second half of the calendar year, how should we think about your level of OpEx growth relative to topline growth?
Douglas Bettinger: Harlan, the way we should think about it is, I'll just refer you back to the financial model that we shared with you at SEMICON West mid-last year, I mean that's how we think about managing the company. It won't be exactly that every single quarter, but we do have that in our minds when we let R&D spending. And by the way in the June quarter, the biggest uptick in spending will be R&D. But we're cognizant of the profitability of the company as we manage things.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Martin, my question is on your etch market share on staircase. One of your competitors was obviously talking about market share staircase early in the 3D NAND cycle. I just want to understand like what drove the market share shift towards Lam? And how big is the market? And where are we in terms of, like what's the market share like on the already installed base? And how do you see that going forward on the staircase etch?
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think the most important headline today is the very same headline. We communicated I think in SEMICON West of 2014. And the headline was the most important selection decision is the production tool of record position and that's true for us as it is anybody else in the industry. And we all work really hard to get a development tool of record position, but the only way you actually extend that into a production tool of record position, which is where the money gets spent is by demonstrating an ability to meet the specifications that you've sold or positions and making a productive and repeatable and having kind of consistency of high volume manufacturing production for our customers. So that's a continuum, and all of sudden it's not just oh, we're done, we never have to worry about it any more, we have to work really hard every single day to make sure that the advantage that's we've been able to present that is legitimized our participation in staircase selections is something that's sustained itself over multiple years and that's clearly the objective for the company. So it's really about just the natural passing of time and transitioning from [indiscernible] staircase is an important application, it's not the most critical. I think you recollect that we have about 90% market share in the critical etch, after the critical etch and deposition applications in the 3D NAND transition, and that's the kind of foundation of competitive strength of the company and the staircase is something we work hard to position in the HVM selections and we're very pleased with the results, although we've got more work to do and more upside of course.
Farhan Ahmad: And my second question is regarding the ALD and ALE opportunity. At SPIE obviously Lam talked about great importance of ALD and ALE and some of your customers as well in addressing some of the etch placement and/or issues. I want to understand like should we think of these markets as being incremental to your core market or its just that you have more of the traditional etch being replaced by atomic layer etch? And how does the shift from like more of the traditional etches to atomic layer etch, how does that affect your market opportunities? Is it much slower? Is it like on a per layer basis much more intensive? If you could talk about that that will be really helpful?
Martin Anstice: Yes. I would say, and this is going to be a Lam specific commentary, I will say for etch, I would not be thinking of it as particularly incremental. I think it's a commentary on more capability, more defendability, higher barriers of entry around the critical applications focus that we have in our company and the position of strength we have in etch. So for me as the technology roadmap of the customer gets more challenging, the bigger the proportion of etch-related differentiation will be occupied by atomic level control. The deposition also might be slightly different. And again, this is clearly a commentary for Lam Research, because we don't the comprehensive deposition product portfolio. We have, at least, one sizeable gap in the product portfolio compared to others. And so the atomic level deposition product roadmap for us has an opportunity to be disruptive more holistically and creates a growth potential for Lam Research above and beyond what might be available for a generic deposition kind of baseline.
Operator: We'll go next to Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your memory customers and the relationship between their spending levels and their cash flow both NAND and DRAM are quite worse than I probably thought they'd be here to date. I think there is pretty good cash flow coverage on the spending now, but it's eroding as the year goes by. What are your conversations with your customers telling you about that and how much of you're thinking on the second half is predicated on memory economics getting better?
Martin Anstice: Well, it may only not surprise you, but I don't actually have that precise conversation with the customer, because that's their gig and their business. What I do focus on is sustainability of investments. What I do focus on is the strategic nature of investments. And what I do focus on is the response to changes in IC unit demand. And so when I look at memory, I see the type of correction happening in DRAM that I consider to be healthy, responsible and disciplined. And that's a good thing for the future of the industry and it kind of sets us up I think in DRAM for a more positive year in '17 and '16, but a lot can happen between now and then. And in NAND, this is about as strategic as it gets. So you have the first in history where every single participant of the non-volatile memory space is committed to 3D architecture. And clearly, they have to have an ability to pay for that roadmap. But I think it's so strategic, few would be comprised by short-term profitability or short-term kind of cash issues. Does that helps?
Joseph Moore: Yes, that helps. And then, I guess, also in DRAM where all three of your DRAM customers are working on important yield transitions, I mean are you seeing flexibility there. And I think that you talked about maybe a little bit of a lower expectation for DRAM, any concerns if that continues to deteriorate if DRAM continues to deteriorate?
Martin Anstice: I mean, clearly the market is telling it something with ASPs with announcements in the kind of the PC space and DRAM generally. I mean people are kind of adjusting their plans and there is still is significant legitimately to 20-nanometer transitions and 1x roadmaps and there is a generation or two beyond that in people's strategic plans. And there are real performances in cost benefits that go with our roadmap. But we're assuming we ended the year with slightly less capacity in terms of wafer starts than we began the year, which kind of sets us up nicely for next year.
Operator: Next question is from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Martin, firstly in terms of the logic and foundry space based, you mention that you saw both investments in 10 and 28-nanometer. How does, I guess the life extension of these logic nodes, particularly for 28 and probably for both 14 and 10, how does that extension of life of these nodes, I guess, benefit you specifically in terms of both systems as well as the aftermarket sales?
Martin Anstice: I'm not really sure, I'm going to get your question here, but I'll give a shot. Obviously, we have a very long tail to our installed base business, when we sell something. So it's a 20 year commitment to our customers, once we sold a system in many respects and a 20 year opportunity in terms of upgradability and productivity improvements and so on and so forth. So clearly, this is the year where the majority of investments in logic and foundry are focused on leading-edge technology, but the cycle of investments in IoT and other broad marketplaces of 28 is creating installed base business opportunities above and beyond our baseline. You may recollect from our SEMICON West presentation a year or so ago, we talked about an objective to grow our installed business at a rate that was faster than our installed base segment growth. As we introduced new products and services to accommodate some respond to the productivity needs of our customers in the mature technology nodes and that's exactly what we're executing. So hopefully I got the essence of your question there.
Patrick Ho: Now, I'll use my follow-up maybe to just kind of expand on that. I guess, what I was trying to get is in the past using leading-edge nodes when they ramp up, the previous nodes kind of starts falling off and pretty rapidly. But you're seeing these older nodes last a lot longer. I guess, what are the incremental opportunities both on the systems side, as well as on the aftermarket there is for Lam given these changing, I guess, industry dynamics?
Martin Anstice: So there clearly is an opportunity, and so incremental 28-nanometer shows up because it's a great node in many respects. So it has a good performance threshold and cost dynamic that is relevant for a lot of kind of IoT-related demand. And so it's kind of a sweet spot in many respects. We have kind of great position. We are developing, in some cases, new product to be more competitive in the more mature technology nodes. And there are even examples where we're introducing new 200 millimeter product, believe it or not for some of these applications. They are not necessarily material in the context of the revenues of the company, but hopefully illustrative of the commitment that we make to all customers, not just those customers with leading edge. And clearly, when it comes to productivity solutions, clearly when it comes to install base improvement, advance services, utilization, productivity and reuse are everything to do with the economics of the semiconductor industry these days and that's not really new. But to your points, we're finding ways to contribute more to the customer's success and create some expansion opportunities and increase market share for Lam at the same time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Chin with UBS.
Steven Chin: Just a follow-up question on the strong shipments that you saw to China in this March quarter. Can you share some color on the customer diversity there? Was it concentrated into just one of these multinational customers or more than one? Just wondering if we should think about China being lumpy shipment region or are there enough multinational customers to make stuff consistently high region every quarter?
Martin Anstice: You're seeing just pretty much everybody that's spending at the leading edge and some not at the leading edge, actually it's not really leading edge, making investments in China. And 80%-ish of the spending that we're seeing are global multinationals putting some level of capability in China, Steven. And it's not one; it's pretty much across the board. And I think it has been pretty well chronicled in the trade press who is making those investments.
Steven Chin: And then just a follow-up question on trying to size up the wafer fab equipment opportunity in China. Do you think we could think about looking at China's installed base of 200 millimeter wafer capacity and possibly thinking about how much of a cost upgrade all of that to, let's say, state-of-the-art 300 millimeter capacity. Is that a reasonable way to try to size up the long-term China WFE market?
Martin Anstice: You probably have to ask them. I mean, I am sure that the full spectrum of options will be exploited at some level, right. I mean, there are assets in place at 200 and below and assets of 300 and the customer will optimize that footprint as well as they can. But if they have presumably productive fabs at 200 millimeter that are technology nodes that meets and are correlated with the domestic demand, then they are as likely, if not more likely to stay in that form than be changed. So I mean our instinct is that if you go back to first principals here, performance and cost matter when it comes to the agenda and the sustainability of an agenda, it would seem more rational, the more of the spending at 300 millimeter related certainly in terms of greenfield.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Shankar with Bank of America.
Chris Shankar: I had couple of them. Thanks for the color on the second half shipment and revenue. I just wanted to ask the question a different way. If the industry is flattish this year for WFE given the last couple of years, you guys have outperformed the industry, is it fair to assume your revenue growth will be better than the industry trend for this year calendar '16?
Douglas Bettinger: That's the plan.
Martin Anstice: Yes, Chris, I mean we've talked about these technology inflections, they will be a bigger percent of the total spend this year than they were last year and as you know that benefits us.
Douglas Bettinger: So I mean another reference, and it's not a linear progression, so it's little hard for us to kind of give you much more than these two reference points, but the outperformance commentary of the company is highly correlated to the technology inflection 3D device architecture, multi-patterning we've talked about it many times. And our estimates of the proportion of WFE last year that was inflections-based it was 33%. Our estimate of the proportion of WFE that will be inflections-based in calendar '18 is approximately 55%. So we are on a journey. We've come from zero to 33% last year and we're on our way to the mid-50s few years from now.
Chris Shankar: And then industry level question, when you see the second half versus first half comparison on the spending run rate, it looks like there was more 3D NAND spending in the first half of this year. Should we assume the second half is going to be weighted more towards 10-nanometer logic foundry customers? And if so does it have any impact in your gross margin profile?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, we had previously stated that all segments except NAND were second half biased. It is the by product of this PC and DRAM story. We would now say, memory first half '16 is stronger than second half of '16. And logic foundry, to your points, second half '16 is stronger than first half of '16. So if you want to kind of have first half, second half profile, our assumption is memory is in the mid-50s in the first half and foundry logic is 55 to 60 level in the second half of '16.
Operator: Next, we'll go to C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: I guess first question, Martin. You've outlined basically a flat WFE outlook. Curious what it would take to see growth this year? Where would you handicap, I guess, the highest probability where you could see an upward surprise?
Martin Anstice: I don't think I'd call that DRAM. So I guess, I mean, as I call that 3D NAND or logic, I think there is, as we've discussed many times, there's a real value proposition here to high performing and lower cost non-volatile memory relative to solid-state drive and hard disk drive kind of trade off. So there is a compelling motivation to be as good as we can, and as an ecosystem as fast as we can. This is a pretty complex transition. And it's the first year where everybody has kind of invested in it, so it's not the easiest thing to do. But I would say, at least from the interactions I've had with customers, the direction in terms of yielding is very positive. So probably the biggest upside is 3D NAND in terms of really getting traction and how that plays out we'll see. Technically, there's probably upside in foundry relative to kind of 7-nanometer, but that's some ways off probably, if I interpret the comments from our customers in the last several days correctly.
C.J. Muse: And I guess as my follow-up, there seems to be a pretty good debate around the sustainability of 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer foundry logics spending. I'm just curious if we added roughly 10,000 equipment shipped in '15, roughly 35,000 this year, how do you think the world evolves next year? I know, it's a long time from now, but would love to hear your thoughts.
Martin Anstice: Unfortunately, I'm not going to be quantitative about these thoughts. But qualitatively, as best I can tell, C.J., there is much more substance to a 10 and 7 conversation in terms of performance and cost benefits for the fab-less community than what's true at '16. And the tape-out data that's presented looks like it is supporting that rationale. The fab-less community in the foundries have growth trajectories that exceed overall semiconductors, so I mean at the end of the day, it's going to boil down to the reality of power, processing speed and cost. And if the substance of those roadmaps is there from my point of view, they will be demanded. And I've seen a growth in those segments will create expansion in our industry, so that's the best I can do.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Edwin Mok with Needham and Company.
Edwin Mok: First, I want to call quickly on install base business. I think previously you guys talked about how [indiscernible] will 13% comp growth for that business over the next few years. So wondering are you tracking in line with that? And as some of these new product you guys have shoveled the last two years come off, do you expect that to drive some incremental growth in that business?
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean, the prepared comments actually were intended to communicate that. I mean we put a lot of time and effort in the last several years into engineering the set of products and services consistent with the objectives that you correctly stated. And we validated a number of those with the key customer selections last year and now it's about kind of broadening the penetration of those products. I would expect that the install base business as a proportion of our business goes up not down consistent with the some expansion that we're describing to you and executing on a day-by-day basis. So we come into the year pretty strong, I would say on installed based products and services.
Edwin Mok: And then just kind of quick follow-on the DRAM investment there. I think one of your peers has talked about potential increase DRAM investment, they expect to come into the second half of this year, maybe predicate on 18-nanometer investment. Do you have any color on in terms of timing of that and what do you think customers are in terms of actually getting ready to ramp 18-nanometer?
Martin Anstice: Well, they're clearly is -- there is kind of roadmap for below 20 and there is clearly described value from a performance and the cost point of view and there clearly is some investments showing up this year. At least through the lead times that are relevant in our business, and actual in deposition, we don't expect the second half to be stronger than the first half. But depending on your lead times, it could well be and if you have long lead times and that's your conclusion that probably bodes well for us in the first quarter of next year.
Operator: Take our next question from Wes Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Wes Twigg: First just want to come back to this ALD growth idea and wondering if you can give us an idea of your growth expectations or revenue expectations in 2016?
Martin Anstice: Unfortunately, not. And I'd love to help you, Wes, but it's one of the more strategic kind of product lines in the company. There are hugely complex dynamics associated with positioning in ALD technology against others. So we are behaving with stealth for reasons that are really important to us in terms of competitive advantage.
Wes Twigg: That make sense. I guess, I'll ask another question, you probably can answer then. You spoke about non-volatile memory WFE this time. I think, what you're trying to perhaps do is be inclusive of 3D cross-pointing them. Just wondering if you're seeing any 3D cross-point activity yet or if you think that will be meaningful this year or do you think that's more of a 2017 event for you?
Martin Anstice: I think, we've also got to be a little bit careful with disclosure, but I've heard at least one other equipment company say what I'm about to say, which is, the vast majority of spending is related to traditional kind of 3D NAND architecture. And I'll leave it at that, if I may.
Douglas Bettinger: There is a reason, Wes, we're saying non-volatile memory, because other things are beginning to happen.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Mehdi Hosseini.
Mehdi Hosseini: I have two follow-up. Martin, your September quarter is historically kind of seasonally down, and with the second half up compared to the first half, is there any quarterly trend we need to be aware? If I just take the midpoint of your shipment guide for the June and go flat from there, I get to mid single-digit growth. But I also want to be aware if there is any seasonality with September quarter?
Martin Anstice: I frankly, I literally never think about seasonality, because I don't know what it would mean for our business anymore for all the same reasons that I don't know what cyclicality means anymore. I mean the second to the industry are trending and tracking, definitely this is a very strategic year. And best counsel I can give you, relative to modeling Lam, is what we've said, the long-term financial model is the best calibration for kind of profitability and performance, given WFE. And you've heard us describe an expectation that our second half revenues are higher than first half revenues this year. And we've got a decent shot having some upside in shipments as well, second half over first half. So that's the best we can offer you at this point.
Mehdi Hosseini: And then the second follow-up or clarification, you talked about 350,000 to 400,000 wafer per month of 3D NAND at capacity added. How do you think about the yield impact, if three of the four manufactures are going through the learning curve, would that have any material impact on wafer capacity in '17 as yields improve?
Martin Anstice: My presumption is not, but that's an industry answer, not a company answer, because we like obviously as many customers as we can have and we don't have so many. But honestly speaking, I think as an equipment industry we're agnostic to kind of who is spending the money. My presumption is, if there is demand for ICs, someone will fill it, and they'll need to buy equipment to make it. So there are five companies participating in a non-volatile memory RAM, as the best I know on a significant scale, and they are competing with intensity to get their fair share and we're supporting all of them in the exercise of their objectives. But if one yields faster or slower, presumably it makes itself out for the industry.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our Q&A portion of the call. I return the floor to our speakers for closing comments. End of Q&A
Satya Kumar: Thank you, operator. That's all the time we have for today. Thank you for your participation. And we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Satya Kumar - VP, IR Martin Anstice - President & CEO Doug Bettinger - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Romit Shah - Nomura Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Chris Shankar - Bank of America Merill Lynch Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Steven Chin - UBS Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Atif Malik - Citigroup Jogiday Shier - Redsun Technology Research
Operator: Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Satya Kumar, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Satya Kumar: Okay, thank you, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Lam Research quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment, review our financial results for the December 2015 quarter, our outlook for the March 2016 quarter and provide an update on a planned business combination with KLA-Tencor. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM Pacific Time this afternoon. It can also be found on the investor relations section of the Company's website, along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes, including the time and the parties' ability to close the proposed business combination with KLA-Tencor and achieve the anticipated benefits, technological advances and synergies to be realized as part of the proposed transaction and the anticipated structures of future combined operations. A comprehensive list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide that's accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosures in our public filings, including our 10-K and 10-Q. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented in a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific Time and as always, we ask that you limit your questions to one per phone, with a very brief follow up so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that, I will hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Satya and thank you all for joining us today. I will first begin with a review of our calendar 2015 accomplishments, including comments on their relevance to the growth outperformance opportunities for the Company, then offer a perspective on wafer fab equipment spending in 2016 as well as the trends driving our longer term favorable outlook, concluding my prepared comments with a progress update on our planned business combination with KLA-Tencor. Doug will then review our financial and operational performance as well as provide guidance for the March 2016 quarter. 2015 was another record year for Lam Research, augmented by our plan to combine with KLA-Tencor this year. A partnership that we believe will create an unmatched capability for the global semiconductor industry by uniting best-in-class process technologies with process control, creating a new paradigm in process enablement, accelerating innovation for the benefit of our customers. Last year, for the first time in our history, we exceeded $6 in earnings per share, grew shipments by 25%, to nearly $6 billion, reported record revenues of $5.9 billion, with operating profits expanding at greater than 1.5 times revenues. Demonstrating, we believe, sustainable leverage in our business model. In this context in 2015, we achieved record output from our factories, while improving our on-time delivery performance and shortening cycle time for installations, a very solid operational contribution. 2015 was the third consecutive calendar year in which we have significantly outgrown the industry. Over the last three years, we have grown our shipments at an annualized rate of more than 22%, well in excess of WFE CapEx growth of 6% in the same period. Our success is always predicated on customer trust and the opportunity customers are willing to provide us. It is also the result of our vision, strategy and operational execution to bring a capability in leading-edge process technologies to bear on the most fundamental technology inflections that are driving an increasing proportion of wafer fab equipment spending. In short, calendar 2015 was a year we're very proud of. Many worked extremely hard, but the increased strategic relevance of Lam and the demonstrative results make that effort rewarding. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all of our employees across every function and in every location, without whom as a collective group, these accomplishments would not have been possible. The culture and values of Lam and a priority on continued learning and development remain a foundation of competitive differentiation. We recommit to that as even stronger aspiration in 2016. We estimate that the industry grew wafer fab equipment spending by approximately 4% to $33 billion in 2015. Marginally stronger than earlier expectations, our SAM share of WFE expanded to slightly more than 30% in 2015, driven by the technology inflections including the industry conversion to 3D device architecture in non-volatile memory and also in logic, increased use of multi-patterning in DRAM and logic applications and increased adoption of advanced packaging integration schemes. Our demonstrated strength in these extremely complex technology and cost-sensitive process flows allowed us to grow Lam's share of our SAM to the mid-to-high 40% range in 2015. Multiple patterning has become a key driver in enabling our customers' scaling plans. Our Vector ALD and our Hydra conductor etch technology have enabled scaling and proactively positioned reductions in the cost of multiple patterning through variability reduction and productivity improvements. We solidified our number-one position in 3D NAND for deposition and etch with differentiated products such as the high-productivity Vector Strata and industry-leading ALTUS and Flex products which address the high aspect ratio challenges of advanced memory applications. In the multi patterning segments we saw an unprecedented ramp for our Kiyo with Hydra technology for conductor etch, where we have increased our install base by more than a factor of 5 in the last 12 months. The Hydra conductor etch process control technology has delivered improved CD uniformity by approximately 50% from the prior baseline. We saw very strong momentum for our Vector ALD products, where we doubled our shipments for multi-patterning applications enabled by best-in-class within-wafer, wafer-to-wafer film thickness and CD variation control. The Vector ALD platform has improved system productivity by up to 50% in the year, delivering the lowest cost of ownership available in the industry currently. All market segments combined, the headline for Lam deposition was an approximate 2 percentage point market share gain in the year on a very strong SAM expansion. In 2015, founded on the depth of etch technical competency and capability at Lam and supplemented by some positive customer mix, we achieved the largest expansion of market share in over five years in our etch business growing our total share by over 5 percentage points to the high-50% level. We're well on track towards delivering the longer term goal that we communicated at our Analyst Day in July last year. In a perpetually competitive industry segment, we had a truly great year, maintaining our leading HVM position in co-vector etch and making substantial gains in dielectric etch. In the conductor segments, we saw of fast ramp of Kiyo F Series products at multiple DRAM and 3D NAND customers. We were particularly pleased with the substantial market share gains we had in dielectric etch in 2015, with our Flex-F and G-series product families at multiple memory customers with increased potential and momentum emerging also in logic. We remain focused on delivering critical etch technologies for high aspect ratio etch as our customers scale the DRAM capacitor and the film-stacked height in 3D non-volatile memory structures. In our clean business, 2015 was a year of solid execution and some strategic repositioning. We recorded our largest increase in single wafer clean market share in any prior year, with a mid-single-digit percentage gain. Our strategic planning process ratified again the increasing strategic relevance of clean within our product portfolio. It also provided a framework for the streamlining actions we reported to you late last year. We enter 2016 energized about a future of sustainable profitable growth excited about the increasing breadth of the Lam wet and dry technology product portfolio, targeted at supporting traditional clean and increasingly complex surface preparation and other yield-enhancing applications. Providing the foundation for the overall business momentum is the performance of our install base, a key focus of our customer service business group. Here, we set another record for revenues. This business group is focused on creating collaborative solutions to improve our customers' productivity, also asset utilization and reduce their risk through the equipment lifecycle with products including advanced predictive services and productivity upgrades. We're also addressing the needs of leading-edge and trailing-edge customers across a variety of wafer sizes and markets through a broader and more capable refurbished tools offering. 2016 has begun with well-publicized volatility and some contraction in growth expectations for the global macro economy, with risks in some emerging markets, but balanced by steady if slow improvements in a number of developed markets. Within this environment, Lam continues to be optimistic that the underlying technology drivers of mobility, cloud and the Internet of Things provide a foundation for an exciting multi-year opportunity for our products and services. We assume 3D non-volatile memory, a new memory technologies adoption, are at a tipping point this year, resulting in an accelerated demand for solid-state memory in 2016. We're particularly optimistic in this segment where we see many years of technology visibility and opportunities for Lam to improve the cost and performance roadmaps for our customers. We expect to see double-digit growth in non-volatile memory CapEx in 2016, driven by the need for the industry to convert to 3D capable capacity. Based on our analytics, the equipment industry is scheduled to support the delivery of a 3D capable install base of between 350,000 to 400,000 wafer starts per month of total capacity by the end of this year, supporting NAND bit growth this year of mid-30%. Rational industry spending is a common theme in a consolidated world. We anticipate meaningfully reduced year-over-year spending in DRAM with customers focusing on 20-nanometer and 1X nodes migrations to continue to improve their cost competitiveness supporting industry bit growth in the mid-20% range. On a combined basis, we expect overall memory CapEx at the $15 billion level, plus or minus $1 billion. From a foundry and logic CapEx standpoint, we continue to see an increase in projected spending for 10-nanometer investments, as well as 28-nanometer and above investments, across a number of customers. Since our updates in October, we have seen some reported weakness in end-market demand for high-end smart phones with content continuing to expand however and in that context we expect to see growth in 14-nanometer wafer demand as more companies ramp products of this node throughout the year. Taken together, we expect foundry and logic spending to be up slightly year over year at the $17 billion to $18 billion level in 2016. As a result of these trends, we expect that 2016 WFE will track to approximately $33 billion, plus or minus $2 billion which is relatively unchanged from the initial views we provided you in October. We're off to a great start this year with broadly positive customer engagements and an anticipated book-to-bill in March comfortably exceeding 1. Based on our current understanding of customer plans, we're very confident that our shipments in the first half of calendar year 2016 will exceed the second half of calendar 2015 and early indications suggest our shipments in the second half of 2016 will grow from this new first-half baseline. As a closing headline, December was our weakest shipments quarter in a record-setting calendar 2015 year. We anticipate the March quarter as our weakest in the 2016 year which overall is anticipated to be stronger for Lam than 2015. I will now update our progress towards completing our planned combination with KLA-Tencor and provide an early glimpse of our integration planning. We're working closely with regulatory agencies across several global regions to obtain the necessary approvals for the closing of this transaction. We remain confident that we can secure approvals to complete the transaction in mid-2016. Any updates to the developments on the regulatory front will be made through relevant filings or press releases that will be broadly disseminated to investors. We will not comment further on this subject in this meeting today. We're in the early stages of planning for the successful integration of Lam and KLA and the process that will enable us to realize the full strategic and financial potential of the combination while continuing to operate as two stand-alone companies with compelling products, technologies and people. We formed an integration planning team and we plan to leverage our experience from successfully integrating Lam with Novellus. A team with strong representation from both companies is established and already quite active. With a primary focus to develop a comprehensive understanding of what we both do and exactly how we do it. At a more personal level, I continue to be very pleased with the dialogue with customers around the world, who without exception, look to the value proposition available of enhanced innovation from this business combination. As has been clear from our public filings related to the merger, we intend to continue the existing KLA-Tencor supply and support relationship with the broad industry ecosystem of our customers and suppliers to our customers both. We will be ready for day-one execution I have no doubts based on numerous interactions worldwide. I am delighted that we have an engineering and technology community in both companies who see more opportunity each and every day to deliver a more compelling value together than is possible separately. Excitement is definitely building our deal hypothesis being validated through our planning. While 2015 was a record year for Lam Research, we believe that 2016 holds even more promise. With the current quarter momentum in our business, our opportunity for continued outperformance and the anticipated creation of an even stronger and more strategically relevant company in partnership with KLA, we're positioning Lam for significant performance improvements now and over the long term. In closing, I would like to express my thanks again to our customers for their trust and partnership, employees for our differentiated culture and performance, suppliers for their support and commitments and investors for their confidence and continued interest in Lam. Let me now turn the call over to Doug who will provide a review of our financial performance and our March quarter outlook.
Doug Bettinger: Great. Thanks, Martin and thank you, everyone, for joining us today on what I know was a busy earnings day. We ended calendar year 2015 with strong performance. Meeting or exceeding the midpoint of our guidance for the December quarter on all financial metrics. Earnings per share came in above the high end of our guidance range. In addition to the numerous milestones Martin mentioned during his prepared remarks, during calendar year 2015, we generated over $1.2 billion in cash from operations which was an increase of more than 45% compared to calendar year 2014. And we returned more than $410 million to our shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. We're very pleased with what we've achieved this quarter as well as this calendar year. Shipments continued at a healthy level in the December quarter, totaling $1.288 billion which was a little bit above the midpoint of our guidance. As we anticipated, memory shipments decreased in the quarter, with the combined memory segment representing 65% of total system shipments and that compares with 72% in the prior quarter. DRAM shipments made up 42% of the system shipments which was up from 32% in the previous quarter. DRAM investments continue to be largely focused on 20-nanometer conversions. Customers continued to ramp NAND and other nonvolatile technologies which made up 23% of the system shipments and this was down from the 40% level that we saw in the September quarter. NAND investments were again primarily directed towards employment of 3D NAND capacity. December quarter foundry shipments were 25% of system shipments and this was up from 18% in the previous quarter. Foundry spending was broad based, with the combination of 10-nanometer pilot capability, first-generation FinFET capacity, as well as trailing-edge investments. The logic and other segment accounted for 10% of system shipments which was about the same level as last quarter. Revenue in the quarter came in at $1.426 billion which was a little bit above the midpoint of guidance and down 11% compared to the record-high level that we saw in the September quarter. Gross margin came in right at the midpoint of guidance at 45.5% And as I always mention, you should expect to see some quarter-to quarter variability in gross margin due to multiple factors such as product mix, customer concentration, as well as overall business volumes. Our financial model continues to be the right tool for you to use to build your models and think about our ongoing financial performance. Operating expenses in the December quarter declined to $352 million, coming in at 25% of revenue and this compared with 23% in the September quarter. About 62% of the OpEx spend in the quarter was allocated to R&D which was around the same ratio we held throughout the calendar year. Funding of strategic R&D programs to continue our technology and productivity leadership is critical to meeting our objectives of growing the Company at a faster pace than the industry. The market share success we're currently enjoying is a result of investments we have made in previous years. We aim to continue that outperformance. Operating income in the December quarter was $296 million, down from $380 million in the prior quarter. Operating margin was 20.8% which was down from 23.8% in September and a little bit above the midpoint of the guided range. Operating income and operating margin declined sequentially as a result of the lower revenues in the period. Our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 7%, down compared to 14% last quarter. The tax rate was lower primarily due to the permanent extension of the R&D tax credit in the United States. A tax rate of low- to mid-teens for the remainder of 2016 would be a reasonable number for you to include in your models. Based on a share count of about 172 million shares, earnings per share for the December quarter were $1.57. This was above the high end of our guided range due to the favorable tax rate in the quarter as well as the higher revenue. The share count includes dilution from the 2016 and 2041 convertible notes, with a total dilutive impact of about 11 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. Dilution schedules for the 2016, 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our investor relations website for your reference. In the quarter, we returned $48 million in dividend distributions to our shareholders. We did not repurchase any shares in the December quarter as we have temporarily suspended share repurchases in anticipation of the business combination with KLA-Tencor. Let me now move to the balance sheet. Cash generation was strong again in the quarter with cash from operations coming in at $295 million. During the quarter cash and short term investments including restricted cash increased to $4.7 billion, up from $4.5 billion in September. Day sales outstanding increased to 70 days versus 62 days last quarter. The increase in DSO was due to the timing of shipments within the quarter, with shipments being more biased towards the back half of the period. Inventory turns remained strong at 3.6 times. Deferred revenue at the end of quarter were $395 million which was down from last quarter. And I just point out this number excludes $109 million from shipments to customers in Japan which will revenue in future quarters. I would like to remind you that those Japan shipments remain as inventory carried at cost on our balance sheet. Company non-cash expenses during the quarter included the following, $33 million for equity comp, $39 million for amortization and $33 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $28 million which was down from $49 million in the September quarter. CapEx can sometimes be a lumpy number as you saw in December. CapEx for the year came in at $173 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 7,300 regular full-time employees. I point out that we have been relatively flat headcount wise for the last two quarters. Entering 2016, we continue to be pleased with the momentum in our business and the progress we're making towards our targeted financial model. For the March quarter, our non-GAAP guidance is as follows. We expect shipment growth to $1.43 billion, plus or minus $75 million. We expect revenue of $1.3 billion, plus or minus $75 million. This lower revenue for March is largely consistent with our December shipments. We expect gross margin of 44%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. The margin decline in March is due to both customer as well as product mix. I expect margin to improve from this level as we go through 2016. We forecast operating margins of 17%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally, we're forecasting earnings per share of $1.07, plus or minus $0.10, based on a share count of approximately 172.5 million shares. In the outlook for the Company, we're optimistic in the trajectory of demand for our products and services. We expect shipments and revenue in the June quarter will be stronger than in the March quarter. With the anticipated strength in shipments, we expect to grow our deferred revenue balances in the first half of 2016. As we sit here today, I expect the second half of the year will have a stronger top line than the first half due to investments in leading-edge foundry and logic. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Harlan Sur, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Within the team's flattish WFE outlook for 2016 and your view on the positive trajectory of your business this year maybe you can just give us a sense DRAM, NAND, logic and foundry what the bias on customer spending trends look like first half versus second half. I assume for example 3-D and 28 nanometer maybe strong first half with 10 nanometer and 1X DRAM maybe strong in the second half, but wanted to get your views.
Martin Anstice: Yes, thank you for your comments at the beginning there, Harlan. Obviously we're at the beginning of the year so lots to learn. But our analytics today would cause us to think that year over year, so 2015 to 2016, the memory investment level is maybe down by $1 billion and the foundry is up by about $1 billion and then logic and other are kind of flattish. So there's a plus or minus with each one of those, so that's a kind of segment composition. Our sense of first half, second half WFE we're currently modeling a 47%, 48%, 53%, 52% type of profile. So, overall a stronger second half than first-half. DRAM foundry and micron microprocesses all second-half stronger than first half and NAND to your point, slightly stronger in the first half of the year. And I would say that the upside to the extent there's upside in the first half, second half split and I'll just characterize with NAND, is all defined around the performance of devices and then momentum in SAD markets and so on and so forth. So that's the summary of our modeling at this point in the year.
Harlan Sur: And as you mentioned, it seems like legacy 28 nanometer is a pretty resilient note. There's still a lot of design starts going on in this node. I think UMC just reported last night their doubling their CapEx spend this year primarily for 28 nanometer, hearing the same thing from some of the other China domestic manufacturers. How much of a driver of the foundry outlook this year is from some of these legacy nodes?
Martin Anstice: It's not insignificant for sure. There is a healthy investment at above 28 nanometer and I would say it is almost equal to the same level of wafer stocks that we saw added in 2015. It has a slightly different composition. It's relatively broad-based so there's two to three customers at almost every foundry node and there's a cap in intensity at the 14 nanometer, 16 nanometer and 10 nanometer technology nodes obviously that make those investments relatively more expensive. But certainly there is a decent chunk of foundry wafer fabrication equipment spending that is 28 nanometer and above.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Romit Shah with Nomura. Your line is open.
Romit Shah: Martin, you're under an environment that you characterized kind of flattish WFE for this year, based on your comments I'm sort of concluding that the company shipments can grow presumably revenues would grow, but as you think about operating expenses and some of the other below the line items, do you think it is reasonable to assume the company can grow earnings per share?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think we've got a pretty clear statement of modeling on that. Our long term financial model that we used at Semicon West is a great reference point for you. It's almost replicated in the F4 filing. There's 22% operating income references, there's growth references, there's SAM expansion references and the headline is the inflection story which is the catalyst for SAM expansion continues to progress 2015 into 2016 and all the way through 2018. Just to remind you our estimate of inflection-based spending as a percentage of WFE in the year just completed was in the low 30% range and by the time we hit 2018 our estimate is 55% or slightly higher. So, the SAM expansion story the targeted market share story certainly have us optimistic that we're continuing to grow the company in an environment of flat WFE and the economics that we're targeting are exactly as we've communicated in our long term financial model. So I think the answer to your question is yes.
Romit Shah: Okay that's terrific. And then as a follow-up, Doug, just on gross margins for Q1, you mentioned that customer and product mix were negatively impacted in gross margin. Can you just give us a little bit more color on the specific stuff?
Doug Bettinger: Probably not much more. You see variability if you go back in December we were 4% to 5.5%, in you back to the quarter before we were 46.4% and overseeing 44%. You get lots of puts and takes when different customer mix, customer concentration, tool mix. Not every tool we sell is the same profitability level and overall business volume is part of this, too. So all of it is contributing, Romin. And as I said in my scripted remarks I expect this to be the low mark in terms of gross margin percentage for the company in 2016
Martin Anstice: If I need to just build on that and take the question in the context of the totality of investments that we're making in the company. Let me deal with margin and OpEx together. You know the full process relative to the operating expenses in the company we have tremendous opportunity here to continue to outgrow the industry and our commitment to invest in R&D to support that initiative is a really important commitment for the company. So we're not jerking left and right, our commitment to customers around enabling technology. We're committed and we have to work through these short term kind of variability that we see as a result, as a result of concentrated customers these days. But having said that, we talked a lot about R&D and SG&A percentages so Doug can talk more if you want to in the call, but I think you know what we're trying to do there. We have essentially in the guidance provided today retained or constrained the operating expense investments to a level that is pretty similar to the March 2015 quarter. And just to remind you, in March 2015, we were just coming off the back of a $5 billion revenue year. Now we're coming off the back of a $6 billion revenue year. So to have the operating expenses at the $350 million level is a testament to the business model and the commitment to the management team to be responsible in the context of long term and short term performance improvements. Last thing to say, relative to gross margins, I don't think we're the first large equipment company to message December to March gross margin contraction in the scheme of things. The best council we have for you is the long term model and the 22% range of operating income is still the ambition of the company in the 2016 year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: I had two things. First of all Martin just the sort of a question about the environment today versus three or so months ago, you guys had been very clear about the first half of this year shipments being up versus the back half of last year. But now it sounds like you're a bit even more optimistic on June shipments and particularly now you're looking in the back half and also showing you're pretty bullish there too. So the question really is what has gotten better? What particular customer area are what particular region has gotten better in that time? Thanks.
Martin Anstice: I guess the context of what I'm about to say as I've said $33 billion which is exactly the same as what I said in October. What's different today obviously the passing of three months always provides a little bit more visibility, always provide a little bit more of a confirmation on technology roadmaps of customers and their ability to yield through very complex technology transitions. So it's the same numerical presentation and if my tone is a little bit more positive that's really a commentary on the passing of time and being able to validate plans and being able to see customers validate their plans a little bit more in January that we were able to do in October.
Timothy Arcuri: And then I guess Martin just following on that if you add up all the projects in China there's like $20 billion worth of WFE. Clearly there's a big fab not huge but a decent sized fab that's actually ordering right now in China, but there's a lot of other very, very big fabs. And so I'm wondering, what is your assessment on the timing of that? Is any of that going to come into the back half of your year or is that more of a 2017, 2018 thing? Thanks.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I'm going to reserve the right to not get specific to anyone fab. I think the headlines are clear from that customer what they're intending to do and as you know, we've got great position in the 3-D NAND transition -- so to remind everybody we're at about a 90% market share etch and depth-cortical applications and we made progress between planar and 3-D and so, we're a very active participant in the spending plans of the customer that you are referring to. And I should defer to their public confree on the timing.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Chris Shankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Chris Shankar: Two of them, Martin and I give Martin the congratulations on a good calendar 2015. The first question is on the 3-D NAND spending. It looks like everyone want to be bullish on this. I'm just wondering, is there a risk that if customers run into yield issues, could that slow the pace of adoption or do you think that demand is so strong that they're going to punch through and meet your yields. And then I also had a follow up.
Martin Anstice: I think it would be irresponsible to say that yield isn't relevant relative to cost isn't relevant to adoption. There is kind of a chicken and egg here. And I think one of the things that we're trying to do, we have obviously a tremendous opportunity to grow our company and outperform in the context of enabling many of the 3-D NAND architecture in partnership with our customers, but what goes with opportunity is a lot responsibility and we've got a lot of responsibility to help the customers yield to create an environment from a cost and performance point of view which is a catalyst for demand. I'm not sure which comes first a lot of this and the customer is going to speak to their tolerance of risk. To your point, everybody is invested with plans in 3-D NAND this calendar year as best as we can tell. 95% of the nonvolatile spending is focused on 3-D device architecture. It seems like there's a universal commitment to this and we're certainly head down working hard to contribute in our small way to the success of the customer.
Chris Shankar: Just a follow-up for you also, for Doug, when you look at the next year or even later this year or next year it looks like the spending shift might move more from memory towards larger co-foundry. Is there a way to quantify how much of a margin tailwind would it be when the mixture's from memory to foundry?
Doug Bettinger: No, I don't think there's really any substantial differential due to any of the segments in the business. There's differentials, customer to customer sometimes, larger early adopting customers that help with development sometimes, get a little better pricing but I don't think segments is something you should think of that way Chris.
Martin Anstice: And I think is a basic headline what you've heard us talk about for many years is the philosophy relative to pricing what we sell to our customers. So our number one focus is to build customer trust. Our number one way of building customer trust is to position for fair compensation. And we're not the highest gross margin company in the industry by a long stretch. But I think we're the fastest growing or one of the fastest-growing and there's always a balance between targeted profitability and growth. And we spend a lot of time thinking through the legitimacy of the gross margin objective for the company and the range that we talked about for the last several years, this mid-forty percent range, 45%, 46%. And I think a very defendable place for us to be and it is in general, in a consolidated world it is pretty segments and customer agnostic, right? We don't want to play a role influencing the competitiveness of customers based on our pricing strategy. That would be a sure way to lose customer trust.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Farhan Ahmad: My first question is on 3-D NAND. Martin, you mentioned that the overall NAND spending is going to be up double digit. I wanted to ask if you can provide a breakout between cleaner and 3-D and specific to 3-D, how much an increase in spending do you expect to see?
Martin Anstice: You know, we're at least in this goal going to keep our WFE disclosure for memory at the memory level as opposed to a DRAM number and a NAND number and the reason for that is because we see there are some pretty big decisions for a couple of customers to make around where their allocation of spending will be. So I'm hoping that by the time we get to the next call that clarity is there. But to the first part of your question our assumption is 95% of the investments in 2016 in non-volatile memory NAND and other schemes is 3-D. So it is dominating the investments. And it is a very complex mix of conversions and upgrades as well as some additions. I would say it is a very efficient spends plan and it has everybody participating.
Farhan Ahmad: And just a clarification, how much was the split between cleaner and 3-D in say 2015 spending?
Martin Anstice: I want to say 60/40.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, it was about 60%.
Farhan Ahmad: And then one longer term question, Martin. If I look at what happened over last three, four years, Lam has outgrown the industry massively and part of the reason was obviously like you guys have been following a strategy and investing heavily in the growth trends within the industry where some of your other competitors, EMAP and DOE, for a period of time kind of moved away their focus from semiconductor and were looking at other market and were kind of struggling, then this went into semis. Now looking ahead it seems like both of these companies have seen the outperformance that you have been able to deliver and kind of changed their strategy to start investing more in the space. Is there a change when you look at the competition that you are seeing in the growth areas of the market is it any higher now than what you used to see like say three years ago?
Martin Anstice: I think I used perpetually competitive when I described the etch segment. It feels the same today as it ever has done. This is a tough industry, a tough segment and it isn't just about the big guys, it's sometimes the smaller competitors, the regional alternatives and so on and so forth. We have been very disciplined making the investments in our future, long term future, a priority for the company. It's a multiyear commitment that extends way back. And it is a tough thing to get balance but I think the company did a nice job at identifying the opportunity to grow through technology inflections. The technology and engineering results, the company did a fantastic job delivering as competitive products and services. Our field organization nailed the interface with the customer in terms of positioning but more importantly supporting ramps and productivity agendas and install base performance. So it's a total team effort. Our plan is to build upon that foundation and whether we can do exactly the same thing in the next three years that we did in the last three time will tell, but you've got a pretty committed company to a growth trajectory that is profitable.
Operator: We will take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: I guess first question, was hoping to drill a little bit deeper in terms of SAM expansion peer for calendar 2016. You grew 20% plus in 2015 versus the market's 3% to 5%, so great job there. Curious what the puts and takes are this year. How do we think about maybe a falloff in image sensors but a pickup and sharing logic the move to a greater NAND less DRAM differed revenues. What are the key drivers we should be thinking about plus and minus for this year?
Martin Anstice: So I'll deal with one part of that and maybe Doug will deal with the deferred revenue piece. At a segment level the story that I described for WFE is slightly stronger foundry year-over-year relative to a slightly weaker memory investment. Historically that has meant something to us in terms of the degree of outperformance but one piece of really important context is we really positioned well in the image sensor transitions and I think when other folks were struggling a little bit with logic spend reductions we generally marched right through that because of that positioning and it is as strong today as a was then. Our momentum in foundries and in microprocessor logic is now I hope well understood to be a positive trajectory for the company. And so we still believe that in an essentially flat WFE our SAM increases. One part of that is the inflections message, so something like a 33% reference point for 2015 the proportion of WFE that is inflection-based and that is walking its way to the 55% level. We've just come off a stunning market share year for the company. We're going to keep working hard and the long term market share objectives I think are well within grasp at this point. So we're pretty pleased about that.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, so just to follow on the second part of your question, normally you will see when we have got shipments ramping up deferred revenue will grow and vice versa when shipment coming down deferred revenue will come down. You kind of saw that in December. And in my scripted remarks I talked about an expectation that in the first half of 2016 we expect deferred revenue to grow. It's because we expect to be on a ramping profile of shipments.
C.J. Muse: I guess as my follow-up if I take your commentary around shipments more second-half weighted than first-half it looks like we're going to hit roughly $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion and I'm curious, A., do you agree with that assessment? And B., does that mean that we should be targeting 46.5% plus type of gross margin exiting 2016?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, C.J., I'm not ready to quantify anything yet. The fact that we're giving you color on the second-half we thought was important given March was a low level for the year. I'm not going to quantify it quite yet. And in terms of the profitability level I'll just take you back to the financial model we've put up back in July as the right way to think about the performance of the business on a medium term basis.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Patrick Ho: Doug, first off in terms of the revenue recognition versus the shipments and the deferred revenues that you're talking about, obviously Japan is a portion of it. Are there any other variables, like say as you mentioned the new Chinese fab, things of that nature that also cause a potential delay in terms of revenue recognition?
Doug Bettinger: Every customer is a little bit different in terms of how they accept tools that are shipped, so customer-to-customer there's variation, fab-to-fab there can be variation. Especially when there's a new fab you're shipping to sometimes it can take a little bit longer to clear customs as an example, so the differential between ship and revenue has several different variables.
Martin Anstice: But I think it's fair to say that the mix of customers this was a relatively slow term and we'll probably speed up a little bit over time.
Patrick Ho: And Martin, just I'm going to the ALD market for a second. You guys have made a big foothold to try and get into that market. You're starting to see some of the gains especially as multi-patterning on the logic and foundry side. Kind of a two-part question there, one, how do you see the capital intensity increasing for the ALD market for us as a whole and secondly how do you see your share gain potential particularly as you move from the 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer nodes to 10 nanometer?
Martin Anstice: The share gain sits in the context of the overall objectives for the company and depositions, so we've kind of given you a reference point of 5 to 10 percentage points in the calendar 2013 through 2018 timeframe. The ALD question is a really interesting one and I think there are actually a lot of unanswered questions relative to the choices of technology and integration schemes to address really complex challenges. But our expectation is that ALD is a market that grows faster than any other that we participate in in the deposition segment. And we come from behind in many respects. In the last kind of five years and so in relative terms the market share momentum that we're seeking in ALD is higher than the average in depositions. So it is a faster-growing market with a faster market share growth ambition. Which doesn't mean it's easy, it's really hard and it's hard because everybody wants a piece of that.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Steven Chin with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Chin: Just a follow-up question on market share, did you feel comfortable that Lam's overall share in NAND this year will stay the same or even grow now that we've got a new entrance. I'm just wondering if customer mix in NAND this year can have another positive impact to Lam's market share this year.
Martin Anstice: You know, at a level which is kind of relevant to a conversation between us, there's not that much difference between the market share positions of any one customer. We tend to have, when we want something we kind of want it at an application-specific level because we have a very competitive technology. As you know there is one of the four players that has a different integration scheme and so I want to be a little bit careful and just hold back because their scheme is there's and I don't want to focus too much on that difference. But the basic headline of a 90% market share curative applications, 60% market share all in which is a kind of double-digit gain for us from playing at the 3-D, that is what we have to build upon. And it is what others are trying to take from us. So that is our responsibility.
Steven Chin: Just a follow-up question on China, do you think, Martin, we're at the point yet where Lam will invest more in a local China infrastructure or services to support future customers in China? Just wondering of China is part of the other Lam investment this year, part of the bet you're making going forward.
Martin Anstice: For sure, but I wouldn't say that's a new reality. As a customer invests in building a fab, we have to invest consistent with supporting that. And as noted a couple times in this conversation there's a reasonable investment in China and it is increasing and we're making investments proactively to ensure that when we win positions, we build trust through a customer's ramp. The worst thing to do is to win a development position and then fail to execute because you don't have enough field process or field service engineers to support a ramp. So absolutely we're investing in infrastructure to support growth of the China marketplace. But that's true in every region of the world.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Weston Twigg: First, just wondering on the 10 nanometer logic and foundry expectations for stronger second half installations and then a ramp into 2017, can you give us an idea kind of like you do for 3-D NAND how many wafers starts might be shipped this year and next year?
Martin Anstice: Yes, so I'm going to do this with some kind of caution and hesitation. We have a range around it. We're still over a 300,000 wafer starts per month reference point for 28 nanometer technology nodes and the sum of below 20 nanometer, so 20 nanometer, 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer and 10 nanometer. We would expect by the end of this year to have a shipped capacity which is different than a qualified capacity, but a combined shipped capacity of about 260,000 wafer starts, plus or minus 20,000.
Weston Twigg: Okay. How much do you think that might expand in 2017?
Martin Anstice: Can I way to get to 16 before answering that?
Weston Twigg: I guess so. Wafer cleans you mentioned you're getting some good traction. Can you give us a better update maybe on the evaluation programs that were in place last year? And your overall market share position at this point?
Martin Anstice: Yes, well, it still obviously is the weaker link in the company in terms of market share performance. It's certainly relative to etch and deposition and we did some strategic repositioning as you might remember towards the end of last year and rationalized some cost structure and focused a little bit more on what we consider to be the most relevant opportunities to grow. It's a mid-to high teens market share play for us today and the message we communicated today is strategically relevant. We're excited about of profitable growth opportunity coming into 2016 and we're broadening the product portfolio wet and dry and time will tell what we can accomplish as a result of that investment. But I think most of us would say we feel better about clean this year that we did last year and long may that continue.
Operator: We will take our next question from Atif Malik with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Atif Malik: Martin, you talked about in your prepared remarks that you received positive feedback from your customers on the merger with KLA. Can you talk about one or two key areas where you think you guys can add value to the user or some of the applications?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think the basic message is going to be the same as the hypothesis we presented last time. The challenge for the industry is not just a challenge of physics it is a challenge of economics. At a strategic level we concluded that the most responsible action we can take, the most significant contribution we could make to the success of our customers, would come from the integration of process and process control. A big part of that value proposition is associated with new engagements across the companies with customers, because the reality is as you all know, the KLA team is a little bit more entrenched and stronger relatively in foundry logic than we're and we're more than them in memory. So there is absolutely an opportunity there. There are engineering exchange programs. We're building momentum, specifying the types of things we think are relevant to new collaborations and joint development activities with customers when we get to be one company. And quite how far that goes, how quickly, your reference right now is now $600 million bogie we have in the proxy for revenue synergies. And I would say I feel better about that today than when I did when I talked to you about last time because I see excitement emerging in the engineering community around the substance of opportunity which is everything about delivering vision here. And I see a sustained willingness in the customer base to support our plans to support them. So, pretty excited at this point.
Atif Malik: And then a follow-up, Doug, the street has a tendency to miss model your revenues. And I think in the past you guys have talked about a formula for revenue 50% of shipments in the prior quarter and then 50% from shipments in the current quarter. Is that still the right rule of thumb moving forward?
Doug Bettinger: I would be cautious about doing that because I think it has proven to be a really hard thing to model. And the reason is, because we live in a consolidated customer world and the difference between a week one shipment and a 13 week shipment is huge relative to the term and it moves absolutely. And so we cannot really give you a nice simple reference like we used to be able to. I remember vividly describing a relationship to you 10 years ago that would work for three years, five years. It doesn't work anymore, because it's consolidated. It is a much more variable play and every week counts and so we have a little bit slower turn in the March timeframe and we expect it to speed up. The best we can give you in terms of counsel on modeling is the exact guidance for the next quarter, the tone of quantitative sentiments on direction and the long term model that Doug has talked about a number of times and triangulating on those three you might get a quarter wrong but hopefully you get the year right.
Operator: We will take our final question from Jogiday Shier with Redsun Technology Research. Your line is open.
Jogiday Shier: I wanted to dive in on two aspects. First Martin I just wanted to get your thoughts on that DRAM side. Given the technology challenges and the market challenges, what needs to happen to trigger an investment going forward? Can we have an upside in DRAM investment this year? And I have a follow-up.
Martin Anstice: I guess the answer to the question always has to be, yes there can be. Do I think there will be? Not clear to me today. And it would be a second half environment not a first half environment because I think the energy situation is getting better but it's probably not all the way there, but it's a lot better. There's tremendous discipline, it's a very efficient spend because it's all about conversions which is increased performance and lower cost which is more profitability, despite the fact that profitability levels have come down they're still reasonably able to support investment. I just think it's like a lot of discipline in a year when bit density conversion is playing out in DRAM as well which creates a little more complexity to your question. So I would say we have models pretty conservatively our expectations, maybe there's a little bit of upside in the second half of the year. At the end of the day it is all going to be about end-user and end-unit's demand and you will probably see that before we will.
Jogiday Shier: Just as a follow up can you compare or contrast your growth in your etch and deposition segments holistically for the year, given the spending mix as we compare it to last year? Thanks.
Martin Anstice: I'm not sure a quick at the question. We had a really tremendous year in terms of share gain last year. And that was particularly true in the etch business. It was an extraordinary year for the etch team. And do you get to repeat that every year? No you don't. So we typically target one to two percentage points of share gain. That's a great result in a year or in a technology node conversion. And so we just did something like that in deposition, we did a lot better and that in etch. I would expect the 1% to 2% reference to be a better long term modeling from what we just did. But again, time will tell.
Operator: And this does conclude the question and answer session. I would like to turn the program back to Satya a Kumar for any closing remarks.
Satya Kumar: Yes, thank you, operator. That is all the time we have for today. Thank you for your participation and we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's program.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation September 2015 Conference Call. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Audrey Charles, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Audrey Charles: Thank you, operator. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer of Lam Research; Rick Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer of KLA-Tencor; Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lam Research; and Bren Higgins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of KLA-Tencor.
 Prior to turning the call over to Lam and KLA management to share their perspective on this exciting business combination, I will read a few preliminary legal notices of the proposed transaction. The proposed transaction will be submitted to the stockholders of each of Lam and KLA for their consideration. 
 Lam intends to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement prospectus of Lam Research and KLA-Tencor. Investors and security holders of Lam and KLA are urged to read the joint proxy statement prospectus and any other relevant documents that will be filed with the SEC carefully, and in their entirety, when they become available, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction.
 The materials to be filed by Lam and KLA with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. In addition, security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statements prospectus from Lam or KLA by contacting Lam or KLA Investor Relations through the Investor Relations contact page on each company's website, investor.lamresearch.com or ir.kla-tencor.com. 
 This call may include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These include statements regarding future outcomes and events, including: the time and the parties' ability to close the transaction; the anticipated benefits, technological advances and synergies to be realized as part of the proposed transaction; and the anticipated structures of future combined operations. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described in this call due to a number of risks and uncertainties detailed in documents filed by Lam Research and KLA-Tencor with the SEC, including Form 10-K filing, Form 8-K filing, filings under rule 425 and the joint proxy and registration statements the parties expect to file. 
 With that, I'll turn our call over to Martin Anstice. 
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Audrey. I would like to start this morning by thanking you for joining us at short notice.
 Today, we announced that Lam Research and KLA-Tencor will be combining. We believe that this transaction will allow us to deliver compelling value to a transforming semiconductor industry by combining industry leaders in wafer processing and process control to help our customers address their most difficult challenges. Together, we will deliver unmatched capability, creating a new paradigm for process and process control, delivering optimized results in partnership with our customers by reducing variability and accelerating yields, helping our customers extend Moore's Law and performance scaling generally. The new company will have increased breadth and scale, both valuable components for sustaining long-term growth. The technical competency and capability of the combined company, which is illustrated by our respective product leadership positions, will benefit our employees, customers and stockholders alike. We are confident that together, we will deliver higher levels of innovation and collaboration than would be possible as independent companies.
 We are certain that, just as we identified the need for closer alignments of deposition and etch, which resulted in our successful merger with Novellus, the opportunity for closer alignments between process and process control creates an exciting opportunity as the drive to reduce variability at the atomic level becomes central to our customers' high-volume manufacturing success.
 The transaction offers compelling financial opportunities, including the expansion of our served market and substantial synergies. We expect to realize $250 million of cost synergies within 18 to 24 months of transaction close and $600 million of revenue synergies by 2020. The transaction will be accretive to our non-GAAP earnings and free cash flow per share during the first 12 months of the transaction. 
 If I could direct you to Slide 5 of our PowerPoint deck today, here are a few of the highlights of the transaction.
 KLA-Tencor stockholders will receive $32 in cash and 0.5 shares of Lam Research per KLA-Tencor share, effectively valuing the company at $67.02 per share or $10.6 billion, using Lam's stock price as of October 20. On a pro forma basis, KLA shareholders will own approximately 32% of the combined company. Both boards have unanimously approved the transaction and, pending customary regulatory and shareholder approvals, we expect to close in mid-2016. The combined company will be called Lam Research.
 We strongly believe this is the right combination for our industry at the right time. The powerful drivers of Cloud's mobility and IoT are firmly established and growing. The demands of these segments, higher performance, lower power and smaller form factors, increase the economic and technical challenges faced by our customers, providing a catalyst for broad industry transformation.
 Our customers and their customers both demand new levels of innovation and collaborative engagements as they continue to scale with new materials, the transition to 3D device architectures, multi-patterning imaging, advanced packaging integration schemes and next generation memory solutions. The ability to differentiate in these technology inflections increasingly lies at the intersection of process and process control. Together, we will be much better positioned to meet these challenges by combining best-in-class process performance with industry-leading metrology, inspection and analytical capability. We seek to create unmatched and complementary capability to enable atomic level processing.
 I am looking forward to formally welcoming the KLA-Tencor employees to our new company. These are 2 companies with similar cultures and values, geographic proximity, with a passion to contribute and win, and to take pride in doing things the right way in the interests of our customers. I look forward to listening, learning and building a strong team together with them as we create a more exciting future. 
 And before handing the call to Rick, I want to thank him personally, and also his team, for their leadership and vision in creating a great company, and working with us putting together what we believe is an extremely compelling transaction. Rick, over to you. 
Richard Wallace: Thank you, Martin. This is truly a transformational day in the industry and for both companies. I spent 28 years at KLA-Tencor, and I've seen several industry transformations. But in my opinion, this combination has the potential to be the most transformative, both from a capability and from a timing perspective.
 Our customers are on the cusp of ramping some incredibly complex technologies, with roadmaps for advanced development over the next decade already in place. And KLA and Lam's combined capability to partner with our customers on improving the manufacturability and the yield of these technologies will be a powerful value creator in the space to a degree that neither of us could achieve as standalone companies.
 The SAM expansion that's been experienced by Lam, driven by the inflections of 3D device architecture and multi-patterning, will complement KLA-Tencor's strong presence in foundry and logic, and create both SAM and market share expansion opportunities for both companies.
 We're proud of what we've built at KLA and the value that we've delivered. The scale achieved by combining with Lam substantially enhances our future value creation potential, making this transaction a win both for today and for tomorrow. KLA's strong results and guidance today, and the confidence we have in continuing our growth in 2016, are a direct result of our efforts with our customers in the last decade to enable industry transitions and scaling. I want to recognize our employees whose dedication to excellence across all aspects of the organization have made this performance possible.
 Through the discussions we have had to date with Lam, it's been reinforcing me -- to me that the capability and the culture of our companies are very similar. And that will be a key component to the success of this combination. And I also want to thank Martin for his leadership, and I am very confident in the success of this company under his leadership as we go forward. 
 And with that, let me hand it back to Martin. 
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Rick. As we have said many times, our guiding principle for effective consolidation in our industry is first focused on the legitimacy of innovation strategies and the opportunity for sustainable value creation from the perspective of our customers.
 With this threshold validated here, we are excited to deliver compelling value to all stakeholders by combining the established leaders in deposition, etch, clean, inspection and metrology. However, the rationality of this transaction lies in our belief that the combination is substantially stronger than the sum of the parts. By joining the critical device manufacturing areas of process and process control, our 2 companies combined will become a more knowledgeable, more capable and closer partner to our customers, better positioning us to innovate the solutions required to meet the industry's needs together.
 For example, in logic and DRAM multi-patterning, as we highlighted at our Analyst Day in July of this year, the key challenges faced in high volume manufacturing for multi-patterning schemes are variability and costs. By more effectively linking the process control expertise of KLA and Lam's strength in process around critical technology inflections, we can improve efficiency and utility of metrology information for optimization of the unit process at a much greater depth. This represents the potential for faster and better solutions for our customers, and opportunities for differentiation and profitable growth for us. 
 It is already clear that the level of integrated controls we will be able to deliver becomes even more critical at 7-nanometer and beyond, where substantially high levels of control of patterning processes will be required in support of our customers' roadmaps. 
 In the 3D NAND space, high aspect ratio structures and long process times increase costs and complexity. We plan to utilize our combined leadership capability in deposition, etch and metrology to innovate and develop process control capability for 3D NAND structures to help enable cost-effective vertical scaling. Our increased scale and breadth will enable multiple value creation drivers. From the market perspective, when we combine Lam's inflection-driven SAM expansion, which we believe extends throughout this decade, with KLA's strong presence and new product momentum in wafer and mask inspection and optical and overlay metrology, we expect to compete for more than 45% of WFE by 2018.
 Worthy of note. The complementary nature of our presence in the WFE market is striking. Lam has historic strength in memory applications and has made meaningful progress in the logic segments of WFE over the last several years. Lam also has technology inflection growth drivers in logic and memory, both, with multi-patterning process flows and 3D device architecture. KLA has a relatively stronger presence and opportunity in the logic segments with exciting new product introductions. The wafer fabrication equipment segments complement is a powerful commentary on the combined company's opportunity to sustain growth through the specific investment cycles of our increasingly large and consolidated customers.
 We also see meaningful costs and revenue synergies available, including $250 million of annualized cost synergies realizable within 18 to 24 months of closing as well as a strong revenue synergy opportunity of approximately $600 million by 2020, made possible by strengthening unit process performance and value of our core product offerings.
 Finally, our shared and well-established operating excellence combined with our deal-specific commitments to prioritize deleveraging our balance sheet supports our commitments to profitable growth. All of these value-creation drivers will reside in a business with increased diversity of people, product portfolio, market segments and customer exposure. More opportunity, no question. 
 With that, let me turn the call over to Doug. He will cover the financial details of our transaction as well as offer a brief review of our September quarter performance and December 2015 outlook. 
Douglas Bettinger: Thank you, Martin. I'm going to start with the transaction summary, which you can see on Slide 12.
 Lam Research will acquire all of the outstanding KLA-Tencor shares in a cash and stock transaction that values KLA at $10.6 billion in equity value or approximately $67.02 per share. The deal provides that KLA-Tencor stockholders may elect to receive in exchange for their shares the economic equivalent of $32 in cash and 0.5 of a share of Lam research common stock in all cash, stock or mixed consideration, subject to proration as more fully described in the merger agreement.
 To finance the purchase, Lam will issue approximately 80 million new shares and approximately $3.9 billion of new debt. We are committed to maintaining an investment grade rating. The combined company will have a healthy cash position of approximately $5.3 billion and a very strong cash flow generation profile. We expect to begin deleveraging soon after closing with an objective to get below 2.5x gross debt-to-EBITDA as soon as possible.
 As Martin mentioned, we expect to realize $250 million of annualized cost synergies within the first 18 to 24 months of close as well as approximately $600 million in annualized revenue synergies by 2020. We expect the transaction to be accretive on an earnings and free cash flow per share basis during the 12 months after closing.
 The combined company will retain the Lam Research name. Martin Anstice will lead the company as CEO, and we anticipate a combined company leadership team with strong representation from both companies across all functions. Lam's Chairman, Steve Newberry, will continue in that role, and 2 board members from KLA will join the combined company board effective as of the time of closing. As mentioned earlier, the boards of both companies have unanimously approved the transaction. The transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals and the approval of both Lam and KLA shareholders. We've already begun integration planning, and our efforts will be helped significantly by our close geographical proximity, our long history of close collaboration as well as our collective experience of successfully integrating companies. We currently estimate receiving all approvals on a timely basis and that the transaction can be funded and closed in mid-2016.
 Martin's already highlighted many of the financial benefits of the transaction. I'd like to take that a step further and shed some light on how we view the combined company's financial model. That starts with the sizable expansion of the revenue opportunity and increased diversity of our business. Given the complementary market leadership positions of each -- that each company enjoys and no product overlap, the combined company will be positioned to address approximately 45% of the WFE market by 2018. The combined company will also derive approximately 1/4 of its revenues from its larger installed base. We will have a more balanced exposure across all customers and market segments.
 In the 2017-18 time frame, assuming a $35 billion WFE, we expect a combined company target model of approximately $10 billion in revenue and industry-leading performance highlighted by non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 27%. These profitability levels enable us continued strong and sustainable commitment to R&D into the uncompromised delivery of leading technology and productivity offerings as we leverage the combined strengths of the 2 companies to deliver on customer commitments.
 Martin mentioned in his comments the multiple value creation leverage that we have as a combined company. In addition to the expanded market, revenue synergies and strong profitability levels, we will be augmenting returns through deleveraging the balance sheet and continuing to pursue our capital return program including a sustained quarterly cash dividend, in line with Lam's current practice, and a bias towards continuing share repurchases, once we reach our leverage target.
 Speaking as Lam CFO, this is an exciting transaction from a financial perspective, providing outstanding opportunities to invest in growth and create additional value for our customers, employees and shareholders.
 Let me switch gears and now spend a few minutes on our September quarter results, guidance for September, and I'll also provide some color on our preliminary views of 2016. All numbers will be presented on a non-GAAP basis.
 The September quarter marked yet another period of outperformance for Lam, once again featuring record revenue and operating income. Results came in at or above the midpoint of our guided ranges across all metrics. September quarter revenues of $1.6 billion and shipments of $1.58 billion were both right at the midpoint of guidance.
 As expected, memory shipments were stronger in the quarter. The combined memory segment made up 72% of total system shipments, compared to 16% in the prior quarter. NAND and other nonvolatile memory accounted for 40% of the shipments. NAND investment in the quarter was primarily directed towards investments in 3D NAND. DRAM shipments represent 32% of system shipments, which was down a little bit from 37% in the prior quarter. Shipments to our Foundry customers were at 18% of system shipments, and finally, the logic and other segment accounted for 10% of system shipments. Non-GAAP gross margins came in at 46.5%, which was at the high end of our guidance. The strength was driven by better mix and stronger manufacturing absorption. Operating expense came in at $364 million, which resulted in operating income of 23.8%. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.82 ended up above the high end of our guidance. 
 Let me now turn to December. As we previously indicated, we expect shipments down sequentially coming in at $1.275 billion, plus or minus $75 million. We expect revenue of $1.41 billion, again, plus or minus $75 million. We're forecasting gross margin of 45.5%, plus or minus a percentage point; operating income of 20.5%, again, plus or minus a percentage point; and finally earnings per share of $1.42, plus or minus $0.10.
 September's results combined with the midpoint of December guidance positions us for our third consecutive calendar year of 20% revenue growth driven by our strong position in the technology inflections. As we look forward to 2016, while it's still a little bit too early to quantify from a numerical perspective, we continue to believe, based on market demand as well as planning conversations with our customers, there will be a healthy level of investment across a number of segments next year.
 In the NAND segment, we see positive momentum driven by continued deployment of 3D NAND to meet the requirements of the growing SSD market. With approximately 10% of the install base 3D capable by the end of this year, we see the opportunity for continued strong investment in this segment.
 In DRAM, we view our customers as disciplined in matching supply with demand. We expect diligent investments in 20-nanometer conversions given the high customer ROI at this node. And we also expect initial shipments for 1x nanometer DRAM in late 2016.
 In the Foundry segment, we continue to see that investments are focused on FinFET adoption at a number of customers. Development at the leading edge for the multi-patterning intensive technology transition from first to second generation FinFET is progressing, and we anticipate will lead the shipments in 2016 for 10-nanometer capability.
 As a result of these trends, our early view is that 2016 WFE spending could be flat to maybe slightly down. However, we expect our SAM to increase year-on-year, as a greater share of WFE is directed to critical technology inflection-driven spending. As is customary, I'd just add that the outlook I just shared with you is predicated on a stable macroeconomic environment.
 With that, let me turn the call to Bren who will cover KLA's results and guidance. 
Bren Higgins: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Before I get started, I just want to highlight that the reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found on our website, kla-tencor.com. 
 Q1 was a good quarter for KLA-Tencor, with the company delivering results above the guided range for bookings and non-GAAP earnings per share and with revenues finishing at the top end of the range of guidance, demonstrating KLA-Tencor's market leadership, the strength of our business model and solid operational execution. My comments on the quarter will be focused on the non-GAAP results, which exclude the adjustments covered in the press release.
 Revenue for the quarter was $643 million, and fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.71, above the top end of the $0.46 to $0.66 guidance range. 
 New orders in Q1 grew 8% sequentially to $725 million and finished 32% above the midpoint of order guidance. We experienced good momentum in order activity in the quarter, and demand was strong across each of our end markets, highlighted by strong foundry demand for both leading edge and 28-nanometer requirements as well as incremental upside in 10-nanometer mask inspection demand. We are particularly excited about the strong demand we are experiencing for leading edge mask inspection tools to support 10-nanometer development, as we had our strongest quarter for this product family since December of 2011. With the deployment of multi-patterning and other advanced device architectures in leading edge, logic and foundry, radical design is becoming increasingly more complex.
 The upside in mask inspection demand not only reflects KLA-Tencor's technology and market leadership in this key inspection market, it also indicates our customers are moving forward with their schedules for 10-nanometer development in calendar year 2016.
 As we look ahead to the December quarter and into next calendar year, we expect continued order momentum. We are on track to ship multiple units of Gen 5, our latest generation broadband plasma wafer inspection platform, in the December quarter and expect the combination of new product demand in optical wafer inspection as well as the mask inspection demand I just discussed to set the stage for what we are planning to be a solid year in 2016.
 Foundry was 44%, the new system orders in September and up strongly on a sequential basis, both in terms of percentage of total orders and absolute dollars compared with the June quarter.
 Memory was 37% of new orders for Q1 with the majority of the demand focused on NAND activities. 
 Logic was 19% of new system orders in September, consistent with our original view of timing of initial shipments for 10-nanometer development for both logic and foundry customers. These orders are expected to ship in the middle of calendar year 2016.
 Turning now to the distribution of orders by product group: wafer inspection was approximately 43% of new system orders; patterning, which now includes radical inspection, was approximately 30%; service was 25%; and non-semi was approximately 2%.
 Total shipments in the quarter were $635 million and within the guided range of $610 million to $690 million. 
 In total, we ended the quarter with $1.3 billion of total backlog, comprised of $1.1 billion of shipment backlog or orders that had not yet shipped to customers and expect to ship over the next 6 to 9 months; and $214 million of revenue backlog or products that have shipped and invoiced, but have not yet been signed up by customers.
 Looking forward, we are modeling December quarter shipments in the range of $660 million to $740 million. 
 Turning now to the income statement. Revenue was $643 million, finishing at the top end of the range of guidance for the quarter. Gross margin was 58.7%, slightly up compared with the June quarter on lower revenue, benefiting from a more favorable product mix and lower parts expenses in our service business than we originally modeled in the quarter. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 57.5% to 58.5% in December.
 Total operating expenses were $206 million, down $8 million compared with the June quarter, finishing below our guidance of $212 million and approximately $34 million lower than the September quarter of 2014. The lower operating expense levels we are seeing today are the results of the cost actions we took earlier this year. We expect quarterly operating expense levels to remain in the range of $205 million to $210 million over the next several quarters. 
 Our effective tax rate was 22.6% in the quarter, in line with our long-term planning rate of 22%. 
 Finally, net income was $112 million or $0.71 per fully diluted share, and we ended the quarter with 158 million fully diluted shares outstanding. 
 I'll now turn to some brief highlights from the balance sheet and our cash flow statement. Cash and investments ended the quarter at $2.3 billion. Cash from operations was $194 million in the quarter, and free cash flow was $186 million.
 In the quarter, we paid $82 million in regular dividend and repurchased 143 million of shares of our common stock in the period. We also made a supplemental payment of $40 million towards our outstanding term loan. 
 In conclusion, although there is always some uncertainty as to the pace and magnitude of industry CapEx in calendar year '16, given our market leadership, new product revenue and with the benefit of our leaner cost structure, KLA-Tencor is well positioned for strong relative performance in the coming year. 
 Now for guidance for the December quarter. Bookings are expected to be flat at the midpoint compared with Q1, and in the range of $625 million to $825 million. Revenue for the quarter is expected to be between $670 million and $730 million with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $0.75 to $0.95 per share. 
 This concludes our remarks on the quarter. I'll now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin? 
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Bren. As should be clear from our comments this morning, we see substantial value creation opportunities ahead for our organization, our customers and our stockholders by virtue of combining Lam Research and KLA-Tencor. We recognize both the opportunity and challenging combining 2 large companies, and we understand that our demonstrated execution is a necessary component of sustaining and building trust with all stakeholders. As demonstrated with the integration of Novellus and subsequent outperformance, we are confident and completely invested in meeting that expectation and sincerely appreciate your ongoing support. 
 As was just summarized by our 2 CFOs and standalone company's press release today, the headlines of current and short-term future performance are clear. Both companies reported and guided a strong first half '15, second half '15 revenue balance. Both exceeded earnings guidance in the September quarter and exceeded earnings consensus for the December 2015 quarter.
 Profitable growth is again reinforced by demonstrated operational excellence and leverage from flexible business models in both companies. New product introduction is a prevalent theme for the combined portfolio going into 2016, a year where we aligned to the consensus of flat-to-slightly down WFE with a second half '16 slightly stronger than the first half of '16. 
 Significantly, at the combined company level, we anticipate a growing SAM calendar 2016 over 2015. For Lam, in large part, this is the inflection story generating outperformance opportunity; for KLA, in large part, this is a commentary on mix and new products with slightly stronger allocation to logic spending than memory when compared to 2015.
 Longer term, the strategic rationale and growth opportunities lay in our combined ability to create a new paradigm of process enablement to support our customers as they address unprecedented economic and scaling challenges in their industry. As a combined company, we will continue our focus on the technology leadership and investments critical to success in the inflections of today and tomorrow, enhancing our ability to deliver value to customers while also expanding our SAM and strategic relevance.
 We also remain committed to operational excellence and profitable growth, with returns enhanced both by achieving the cost and revenue synergies available in this transaction, and by continuing our commitments of returning additional value to stockholders. 
 In closing, the combination of Lam Research and KLA-Tencor will allow us to move faster, innovate better, scale efficiencies and, ultimately, provide more value to our customers, their customers and our stockholders. We are very excited to get started on this journey. And with that, we are happy to take some questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from James Covello with Goldman Sachs. 
James Covello: Martin, I guess first question, when you talk about the revenue synergies, can you help us understand a little bit how you're thinking about the revenue synergies for in situ versus standalone tools in the combined entity going forward? 
Martin Anstice: Yes, Jim. I think the way we think about it is that in the world of the complexity that I described for our customers, there's tremendous uncertainty about a lots of things, the materials, process, device architectures and structures and to some extent, there is uncertainty relative to how they solve some of these problems. So putting ourselves on the inside of this conversation is the space we want to be where whatever trajectory is valuable to our customers from an integrated perspective, standalone perspective, real-time process control perspective, we will have put together a portfolio of tensors, algorithms, analytics, software and process and metrology management systems where we can respond proactively and, I think, beat expectations. So we're not planning to go to market with the answer to this question. We have lots of ideas and we have lots of strategies in place already. But as you know, in this industry, responding to needs of customers and supporting their choices is an important foundation of success. 
James Covello: That's incredibly a helpful perspective. And as a follow-up sort of staying on the same topic, can you help us think a little bit about the general trend that you and others have discussed toward integrating process control with processing tools, whether it's in situ or standalone versus kind of the historical customer thoughts or concerns around kind of having their process control and neutrality, if you will? In other words, having a neutral process control provider, is this just a dynamic where the process control requirements and the processing requirements are getting so stringent that customers kind of have to give up some of their desire to have neutrality with their process control provider? 
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean -- just to be clear, this is not about dominance. This is about creating more choices and more solutions for customers. There clearly is demonstrated momentum in the conversation of integrated and real-time process control. I think it's early days. And again, this combination creates a situation where we are going to be right at the center of enabling the choices of our customer. And I think that's the right place for us to be. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Farhan Ahmad with Crdit Suisse. 
Farhan Ahmad: My first question, Martin, is really talking about your growth rates of the 2 companies. If I look at the CAGR over the last 5 years, Lam has -- Lam and Novellus have kind of grown mid-5% CAGR and KLA has been growing about half of that rate. And when we look at the industry guidance, which you have clearly outlined in the analyst days over the last 2, 3 years, Lam has been very well exposed to some of the inflections that are happening in the industry. So as you think about the growth rate of the combined company, does it slow down once you acquire KLA? And can you just help us understand like how are you thinking about the effect on your growth as you were looking at the acquisition? 
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think as we tried to articulate in the prepared comments, I mean, we're really excited about the opportunity. And stating the obvious, this is about absolute dollars of growth, not percentages. I mean, that's the fundamental measurement of performance of companies. And we see a tremendous platform of foundation in both companies for growth. I think we articulated slightly different reasons why in the '16 and '15 comparisons, both companies outperformed. The inflection story of Lam that we've talked about for many years is still a great platform and a great story and long may that continue, and we're supplementing that with a new product wave from KLA-Tencor, and we're supplementing that with more balance from a segment exposure point of view, and in the '16 to '15 transition, that is a very positive momentum for the KLA company and in turn, combined company. So we're really pleased about the growth trajectory, the profitable growth trajectory of both companies. 
Farhan Ahmad: And then as a follow-up, one question for Rick. If you can just talk about -- your Gen 5 platform is about to be introduced, so why sell the company at this point when you had a great product story coming up next year? 
Richard Wallace: Well, the Gen 5 is doing extremely well. We've had several customer engagements as we've talked. And we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we will be shipping those initial shippers by the end of the calendar year. So I'm very excited with that. I really look at this combination not as selling the company, but becoming part of a big industry powerhouse, really, where we're going to be able to provide great solutions for our customers as they work towards their challenges that they're facing in Moore's Law. And I think that this enables the industry to move forward, and I'm very excited about it. So I view it as the right next step for KLA-Tencor and for Lam. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Bill Peterson: This Bill Peterson for Harlan. And congratulations to both Lam and KLA teams on the deal. I wonder if, Martin or Rick, you've had conversations with customers and what -- how are the customers viewing this transaction? And part of the question is because, obviously, last year, 2 industry leaders tried to combine and it didn't happen, and there were some thoughts that some of the larger customers did not really  were keen on the transaction. So I wanted to get your perspective on how customers view this potential transaction. 
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think I'll take this one. I mean, I have and I think I've even spoken to this on prior calls, I spent a lot of time in the last 4 to 5 years dialoguing with the customers around their strategic challenges and how we might contribute to creating value and choices and solutions as part of that. And I think every customer in the world is going to articulate a value proposition around controlling process and that is a fundamental component of value. There is obviously no product overlap here between these 2 companies. It's about adjacency. And it's about complement. There is geographic proximity, which makes the integration risk profile dramatically different than the other transaction that you referred to. So my instinct is from the conversations that I've had with customers, there is going to be a lot of support for this, and I think in large part, that's a commentary on the motivation. So the motivations that we've stated, I hope, are really clear. This is about enabling the future of long-term success for our customers and in turn, creating opportunity for us. And that bias to focus on the customer to build customer trust, to give them choices is everything about the values, the culture of KLA-Tencor and Lam Research and that will continue. 
Bill Peterson: Okay, great. And then maybe switching more to the fundamental environment, and you provided kind of a view towards 2016. I believe Doug, on a recent call at a different sell side conference, talked about how the view to 2016 was -- the bias would be perhaps even up, and now it's more flat to down. I'm kind of wondering what's changed since then. What are the puts and takes? And I guess what areas would you expect to drive it to more of a flat to down profile versus maybe a prior view of perhaps being up? 
Martin Anstice: Yes, I don't think wed add anything to kind of existing public disclosure on puts and takes. But the headline today is we support the consensus opinion of flat to slightly down of WFE. There are kind of a couple of elements to that. One of them is meaningfully less DRAM investment next year, meaningfully more NAND investment next year and kind of flattish microprocessor and logic and foundry to maybe slightly up. So that's a headline that I think is kind of well established. As Doug said in his prepared comments, a very important headline to remember is in that context, KLA-Tencor and Lam Research both are projecting SAM expansion year-over-year, and both of us are projecting market share expansion as well. And I didn't comment about market share, but our customary 1% to 2% market share target is kind of a platform of growth for us there. So hope that helps. I think we have to take the next question in the interest of time. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company. 
Timothy Arcuri: So I have 2 questions. Number one, Martin, can you talk about the dividend policy for the combined company? 
Douglas Bettinger: Tim, I'll take it. This is Doug. As we look forward, we're going to continue essentially the dividend level that Lam has today. And as we've described before, we understand the expectation that dividends grow over time and we will have a bias to continue to do that. I want to emphasize though, Tim, that the main priority, at least in the near term, first and foremost, is going to be the profitable investment in the business; second, is going to be deleverage the balance sheet; and then third, is going to be return to equity holders. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it, at least until we get to that leverage target I communicated, of 2.5x gross debt-to-EBITDA. We're going to prioritize paying the debt down. 
Martin Anstice: And relative to that 2.5x ratio, we're targeting 12 to 18 months to get to that point. 
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, it should happen in 2017, Tim. 
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay. So I guess just a second question is really on the timing of the deal. As I said, obviously, I think of this -- that this deal makes tons of sense. But why now? Is it some view on EUV? Did something change in the market place in the last couple of quarters? I'm just sort of curious, why now. 
Martin Anstice: Well, I'm sorry to say it's not because you said you like the deal. The why now answer is pretty straightforward. This is a commentary on opportunity. It's a commentary on capability of combined companies and it's a commentary on the need from our customers and the industry. The foundation from 2 standalone companies is strong and architecting strategic change of this nature is better done from a position of strength. And so we see a tremendous opportunity. We do believe, as I said, there will be support, there is support, for this type of combination, which respects and promotes the long-term interest of our customers. And we certainly believe, having executed not quite on the same scale, but executed a merger integration with Lam and Novellus, we have an experience. We have a competency and capability to make sure that we do not compromise on commitments made to customers as standalone companies and we execute better and stronger together. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from CJ Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, first question, Martin, just taking a step back, the narrative for Lam over the last 2 years was best growth in the industry, leveraged all the right technology transitions. And with this transaction, that narrative seems to be changing a bit. And so curious, what do you see in the future? And/or what has occurred that changed a bit? Is it the fact that we're maturing? Or challenges to Moore's Law? Is it a vision that scale, increased scale is really necessary to compete in that world? We'd love to hear your thoughts. 
Martin Anstice: Well, actually, I would probably contend the premise in your question. I don't think this is a fundamental recharacterization of the message from our company. We're absolutely focused on our performance. We're absolutely focused on operational excellence. We're absolutely focused on expanding profitability faster than we are revenues. And I think there's plenty of opportunity to do that as a combined company. This is a very strategic transaction. It is a commentary on a long-term commitment to our customers. And for sure, scale and breadth of portfolio is better than not. For sure, as I said, we have more diversity, more competency, more capability, more learning. The quality of fundamental research and product and services development will be higher as a result of this transaction. But I think at a very fundamental level, the outperformance commentary of this combined company is still a great value proposition. 
Christopher Muse: Excellent. And just as a quick follow-up, Doug, can you share your early thoughts on what the long-term tax rate will be for the combined entity given you're about what, 6, 7 points below KLA? 
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, CJ, if I was you, I'd model something partway between both companies. Obviously, part of when we do integration, we'll be working on some tax planning. But for modeling purposes, I'd split the difference right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Atif Malik with Citigroup. 
Atif Malik: Martin, first question. Can you compare this deal to the Novellus deal? I mean, when I look at it on a cost synergies level as well as a product overlap, they're very similar. There's no product overlap. The revenue synergy is a little bit tough to understand, given that your -- it appears -- LAM appears to have not been successful in growing the process control area with a process equipment capability. So we'd love to get an understanding of what 2 or 3 applications you're looking at in terms of revenue synergies, and then I have a follow-up. 
Martin Anstice: Well, I mean, I guess the obvious statement to make relative to the comparison is this is bigger, which means our expectations are higher. And I think I agree with the essence of the comparison you just made. I think -- what is the differentiation? What is the distinction in our strategy versus any competitor strategy? Our focus is on unit process excellence. These are 2 companies that have well-established positions of leadership. And as we've talked about many times, you have to have positions of leadership. You have to give customers choices. You have to respect their ability to deliver competitive differentiation as much as your own. And I think with those biases and with that philosophy, there are, again, plenty of opportunities around 3D device architecture and around the logic roadmap for us to open up process windows, for us to deliver more predictable solutions to our customers and for us to break through the historic challenges associated with streamlining optimizing the process and process control arena. This is the first company that will have ever had the competency and capability that we will bring to our customers. 
Richard Wallace: One other thought. As you know, the adoption of inspection in measurement in memory manufacturing is lower than it is in logic and foundry. It's my belief that one of the reasons for that is, particularly in 3D NAND, is the fact that we're held off from the process. I think this combination allows the inspection of metrology to much more be part of the integration of those, and that becomes more important. It's not like our customers aren't struggling with the yield on 3D. We know they are. But I think this enables us to provide more capability, helps them get their yield and at the same time provides market opportunity for the combined company. So I think that's really exciting. 
Atif Malik: Great. And then as a follow-up. If you guys can comment on the NAND spending environment for next year? ASML on their call last week mentioned that the NAND spending on 3D especially could be lower than this year given that there's one fab that's already fully ramped on the greenfield level, but -- and there's brownfield fab. We love to get your thoughts on how you're looking at NAND spending within that flat-to-down outlook. 
Martin Anstice: Yes, we don't align to the statements and the representations you just made at all. So our view of NAND spending in calendar '16 is that it is higher than the calendar 2015 spend level. About 95% of the spending is invested and directed to the 3D device transition. We see a universal commitment to that technology transition from our customers, and I think the commentary from almost every customer around the importance of this transition is a very positive one. We believe that the 3D NAND chip capacity by the end of this year is around 160,000 wafer starts per month, and our best estimate is somewhere between 350,000 and 400,000 wafer starts by the end of next calendar year. And we would expect somewhere similar to, or maybe a tweak more, capacity in qualification at the end of next year compared to this, and that's really just a statement on kind of what is normal in a transition of this scale. So the 3D NAND investments, we think, is a very prominent theme and one that we're well positioned for. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Krish Sankar: A couple of quick questions. One is, clearly, both Lam and KLA as a standalone company has had a very product-focused approach. But when I look at the Lam-Novellus deal, it does got out of certain products like PVD to get the ultimate synergies. I'm wondering, to the extent you can answer, are there any products that exit now that you have KLA under your belt to get revenue or cost synergies? And then I have a follow-up. 
Martin Anstice: Yes, I don't know if I would really kind of look at a -- point to a PVD decision as a necessary or particularly material component delivering synergies. It was a pretty small investment level. But to your question, we have -- I think, both companies run very well. Both companies take strat planning and operational planning fairly seriously. Both companies have high bars for investment -- investing in the future of our businesses. And more or less, I think the roadmaps of both companies are valued together as much as they were separately. So that said, we have a really, really strong set of executives as a result of this combination. And they will continue to take ownership for refinements as appropriate from whatever learning and opportunities and feedback we have from customers. But I think the basic headline is: As Is. 
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. And then as a follow-up, what is the breakup fee that is involved in the deal? And were there other businesses that you looked at that you had thought would have been more attractive? Or you think this was the way given the size and scale required? 
Douglas Bettinger: Chris, the breakup fee is pretty customary and you'll see it once we file a prospectus. It's approximately $300 million -- a little less than $300 million. And Martin, do you want to comment on that? 
Martin Anstice: No. Nothing to say. 
Douglas Bettinger: This is the right deal at the right time, Krish. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin: I just had a follow-up question on the potential EPS value created from the merger, Martin. I think Doug may have said it, WFE is $35 billion, then you could hit an operating margin target. And I'm getting to a combined EPS of around $8 or so, which assumes a higher share count and some more interest expense from the debt. So that looks like it's higher by about 10% to 20% than the Lam EPS potential that you shared at SEMICON West. So my question is, just want to make sure that we were in kind of the ballpark of where this potential EPS could be? And is this one of the reasons why this combined company is better than the standalone? 
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Stephen. I gave you a model that said $10 billion and 27%. I mean, just things to think about. The interest rate on the debt is going to be kind of high 3s as a percentage, and I've already given you how much debt need to get raised, so you can solve for that. We told you that the deal will be accretive in the -- within the first 12 months, and it will get more accretive as you go out in time. I'm not going to confirm the numbers that you just went through, but this is an accretive transaction. This is a transaction that's good for shareholders. It's good for the combined companies. We're really excited about where we're going with our numbers. 
Stephen Chin: Okay. And then Martin, you know there's a general market perception out there that KLA's market is in decline, and I think you did a pretty good explaining why you disagree with that. Could you share any color on what the customers may think of this deal? And the customers also encourage you to consider merging with KLA? 
Martin Anstice: I don't know that I would go quite as far as your last question. But as I said in response to a similar question earlier, I spent a lot of time dialoguing with customers in the last few years around strategic opportunities for our company to gather their perspective and their requirements and their motivations and to integrate that, because I want, appropriately, customers invested in the success of our company, in whatever form that exists. And I believe that there is a very compelling perspective from customers around value from opening up process windows, delivering more predictive results on wafer. And to Rick's points, technology enablement is the first contribution for us to make; productivity is the second. And there are as many economic challenges in the future of our industry and our customers as there are technical. And we think this is a very fundamental paradigm, which the combination allows us to pursue. 
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest. 
Weston Twigg: And not to be a downer, but I was wondering if you could maybe take a stab at giving us an idea of what your target model might look like if demand is not $35 billion WFE? Like, what if it's $30 billion? Can you give us maybe a ballpark view on what the target amount might look like in that range? 
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, it will be lower, Wes. I think if you're really kind of want to do scenario planning, you can look at the public commentary from both companies. We've both had financial models that have been out there. You can kind of look at the way I'm putting the 2 together in the $35 billion scenario, Wes, and I think you can kind of smooth between what you think the world looks like just by doing that. 
Weston Twigg: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the revenue synergies, the $600 million. I was wondering if maybe you could help us understand a little bit more specifically where the opportunities are. Is it primarily just the new value of the combined solutions or do you see a specific segment? Do you expect to grow a bit faster than you could comment on? And just a little more color on how you get to that $600 million in revenue synergies. 
Martin Anstice: Frankly speaking, there's a limit to how much of that conversation I want to have. We've done a lot of work in preparation for this conversation to validate the $600 million. And obviously, there is a competitive component to messaging in the public domain. So Slide 8 in our deck today, which describes how we plan to deliver differentiated technology solutions together is the best way to answer the question. We do see there are very important opportunities to use metrology information to strengthen the fundamental value proposition of deposition, etch and clean solutions in the logic space around FinFET and next generation gates. The multi-patterning process flow is not the cheapest process flow in the world, as everybody has discussed. And so any opportunity we have to improve productivity, increase yields, open up process windows, is a tremendous value proposition. That will be new products and services, I hope, over time and more capable etch and deposition and clean systems. In 3D NAND, I think Rick already answered the question. There are opportunities in 3D NAND. It is illustrative where one company gets earlier access to an inflection in the industry, and we have an opportunity here that kind of normalized to make sure every part of process, process control combined company gets early access to technology inflections and get in the best position possible to make appropriate investments and deliver differentiated solutions. So a broad cross-section of plays, fundamental value will strengthen what we have. Second is supplement. And we will be taking a very measured approach through that. As all of you know, it takes a long time in this industry to deliver new capability, which is why the revenue projection is biased to the beyond 2018 reference point. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Patrick Ho: Martin, maybe for you. You guys have obviously displayed the growth, particularly for yourselves in the etch and deposition market and the SAM store you detailed. Maybe going back to your talk about innovation, accelerating and the revenue synergy potentials, do you believe some of your SAM expansion potential can, I guess, pull process control or maybe get it out of the current rut that it's in, and maybe help grow that SAM as well? 
Martin Anstice: I'm not sure I exactly get your question, but I mean, do I see SAM expansion opportunities in the process space of the company? I think the answer to that question is yes. And we're also not going to get so specific. So again, the headline here is increase the competitiveness, increase the competency and capability of the established portfolio in both companies by virtue of more learning and more understanding, and great teams that are really excited about an opportunity to work together. We obviously have had very limited interactions of technology teams in preparation for this announcement, but some and I would say the appetite and the enthusiasm in that community to create value and ways that are not available to standalone companies is extraordinary. I mean, I am really excited about what we're going to see when really smart people get together and finally have an opportunity to do something they've not yet had an opportunity to do. SAM expansion, market share, new products, new services, a lot of work and we're going to be very focused on doing the right thing to support choices and value for customer. 
Patrick Ho: Great. That's helpful, and then maybe for Doug, specifically on the cost synergy targets you've outlined of $250 million. These are obviously 2 very different companies in terms of process and process control. I guess, what are some of maybe the high level cost synergies that we can look at today in terms of that target that you're setting out there? Because there's not the immediate process synergies that you can get like you've seen in other deals. What are some of the steps that you'll take to get to that target? 
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Patrick, at this point, we've done a reasonable amount of homework. That was part of the diligence process that we went through. When I look at the cost synergies, I think about 1/3 of it comes from the Cost of Goods Sold line. There's some commonality there. Although, as you know, there's not a ton. 2/3 of it probably come from operating expenses, and that's going to have a heavy bias towards the SG&A functions and probably not a whole lot in R&D. Half of this will be headcount and half of it will be non-headcount-related synergies, at least the way we're looking at it today. And we're going to be very light on R&D. I mean, the objective here isn't to do a whole lot in R&D. So we'll be very careful about how we're looking at that area. 
Martin Anstice: And just to repeat what I hope is a very clear headline: This is not about reducing cost. It is a necessary component of bringing 2 companies together, but this is all about creating a fundamental new value proposition in our industry to benefit our customers, very strategic. So please help us not lose sight of that message. 
Operator: We have time for one final question. Our final question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. 
Martin Anstice: Audrey, please close. 
Audrey Charles: All right. Once again, we'd like to thank you all for joining us today. A replay of our call will be available on lamresearch.com. Thank you, operator. That concludes our call. 
Martin Anstice: Thank you. 
Douglas Bettinger: Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Audrey Charles - IR Martin Anstice - President and CEO Doug Bettinger - EVP and CFO
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities  C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan Romit Shah - Nomura Edwin Mok - Needham and Company Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2015 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Audrey Charles. Please go ahead.
Audrey Charles: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Conference Call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the June 2015 quarter and our outlook for the September 2015 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the Company's Web-site along with the presentation slides that accompany today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes, including our outlook. A more comprehensive list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide deck accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosures in our public filings, including our 10-K and 10-Q. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific Time and as always we ask that you limit questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our Web-site. With that, Ill hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Audrey, and good afternoon everyone. We would like to thank those of you who attended or listened to our recent Investor and Analyst Event on July 14th in San Francisco. During that meeting, we described the drivers of our sustainable outperformance, reviewed our perspective on the industry, and updated our long-term financial model. As that update was just two weeks ago, we will keep our prepared comments today brief starting first with a review of our June quarter and fiscal 2015 results followed by a brief recap of key messages we shared with you during our Analyst Event, then providing an update on our near term industry outlook including with a reinforcement of the unique SAM expansion story for Lam. The June quarter reported results were in line with our expectations at or above midpoint for all guided metrics, and for the second straight quarter, we set records for revenue, shipments, and operating income. The June quarter marked the end of our 2015 fiscal year, a year where we surpassed the $5 billion level for shipments and revenues and generated more than $1 billion in operating income. We demonstrated our commitment to long-term profitable growth and returned value to shareholders with a 16% growth in net income fiscal year-over-year and $630 million or three times increase year-over-year of returned value to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. It's important to note that the substance of the outperformance trends that we're demonstrating is based on technology and productivity leadership, strength and execution across the entire organization, the values and culture of our Company, and the support we have earned from our customers through our focus on customer trust and collaborations aimed at helping them solve their most difficult challenges. As stated before, our opportunity to continue the outperformance trend is driven by a broad-based market participation in the now well-understood deposition and etch-intensive inflections of multi-patterning, 3D device architecture and advanced packaging. Focusing on one element of that headline today, at our recent Investor Event we discussed how the patterning market for Lam likely grows through the 5-nanometer technology node with or without EUV. An important dynamic within this segment is the increasing relevance of spacer-based patterning. Spacer-based quadruple patterning as we illustrated in our Analyst Meeting can increase the number of deposition, etch, and clean passes up to five times driving the need for process variability control and cost reductions. To address these challenges in logic and memory segments both, we are focused on delivering technically enabling capabilities at high levels of productivity such as the VECTOR ALD Oxide and Kiyo with Hydra technology products. With these offerings, we've been able to establish a very strong and we believe sustainable number one position in etch for multi-patterning and grow our ALD share dramatically in just a couple of years. With our assumption that approximately 60% of old foundry logic patterning steps are spacer based at 7-nanometer, our leadership in this segment is illustrative of the value we have already been able to deliver to the customer, and more importantly the opportunity that lies ahead. Now turning to the near-term industry update, with the second quarter of calendar 2015 concluded in line with our expectations, we continue to see discipline in the industry with recent puts and takes being directionally consistent with movements last quarter, i.e., strengthening in 3D NAND investments, foundry, and logic both slightly down. Investments by our customers is supporting a very strong September for the Company as evidenced by our guidance today. Although it is way too early to guide 2015 December quarter shipments, a September outlook that is materially higher than most expectations, ours and yours, our comments at the recent Analyst Event combined with the last couple of weeks of general industry tone suggests we will likely see a December quarter with shipment levels lower than our 2015 March quarter. In many respects, this is illustrative of the variability of business we described as the new challenge of the consolidated industry as the plans and investment decisions of any one customer or segment presents a more immediate and more significant short-term effect than ever before. With strong mid and long-term fundamentals for the Company and building deferred revenue balances in the first half of this year, we now expect slightly stronger revenues for the Company in the second half of 2015 compared with the first half 2015. Overall, we maintain our view for calendar 2015 WFE investment of $34 billion, plus or minus $2 billion, and as is customary, we would add that our view is predicated on a healthy macro environment. We are encouraged by the opportunity we see for Lam in the industry. Investments appear rational across segments and are largely consistent with our understanding of capacity needs and reasonable assumptions on rising capital intensity. From our perspective, there are positive and broad-based emerging indicators for demand at the leading edge with increased device designs, tape outs, and new product penetrations, plans to take advantage of targeted performance and cost benefits available from latest device architecture and process flows. In the DRAM segments, market's demand continues to be driven by mobile and enterprise DRAM growth. DRAM investments, which as we have said, are biased for the first half of calendar 2015, are very efficient and focused primarily on technology conversions to 20-nanometer. Investments appear to essentially keep the installed base wafer start level flat year-over-year with strong segment participation for Lam Research. For NAND, 3D NAND momentum has continued to increase through the June quarter. As we recently stated, we now expect that shipped capacity for 3D NAND will be approximately 150,000 wafer starts by the end of calendar 2015 with perhaps slightly more than half this amount being qualified for HVM device outburst. Overall, we anticipate 2015 memory WFE spending at approximately the $16 billion level. For the foundry segment, we continue to see that investments are focused on FinFET enablement at a number of customers. The previously noted 28-nanometer capacity additions this year continue to be a meaningful part of the foundry segment investments with healthy end demand. We reiterate our view that foundry investment will be slightly lower than the spending levels we saw in 2014. We expect logic spending of between $6 billion and $7 billion, slightly down from 2014, reflecting a sustained commitment to technology conversions with optimized reuse of the installed base. As noted last quarter, strength in demand for image sensors driven by mobile communications and share gains for Lam has provided some upside in the logic segment for us. Today, significant device technology migrations are fundamentally enabled by the most advanced deposition and etch intensive inflections of multi-patterning and 3D architecture which we aim to extend and make more productive for our customers each and every day. As we outlined at our recent Investor and Analyst Event, these inflections together with advanced packaging are driving what we now see as a $3 billion plus multiyear market expansion for Lam with multi-patterning and 3D NAND being the biggest opportunities, each representing approximately 40% of that total. We believe that continued execution of Lam combined with our market-leading deposition and etch positions in these segments is an undeniable relative and accelerating growth opportunity for the Company through 2018. As we enter the second half of 2015, we are excited about the long-term opportunities ahead and sufficiently confident in our ability to execute to recently update our growth targets and long-term Lam financial model indicating the potential for $8 plus annual earnings per share within the next three years. It is an exciting time in the industry and from the perspective that we have, Lam is better positioned than most for growth through multiple segment inflections over a multiyear period. Of course, being in a good position is not enough. Our focus on contributing to the long-term success of our customers must continue to be paramount, our ability to execute our opportunity only possible with commitments and hard work of more than 7,000 Lam employees worldwide who make this a special and rewarding place to work. I would like to take this opportunity to thank them all for their commitments and continued focus on industry excellence. With that, I'll now hand the call to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thank you, Martin, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. We have what I think are some strong results to share with you today for both the June quarter as well as for our just concluded 2015 fiscal year. So I'll go ahead and just get started going through the numbers. It's an exciting time for Lam Research. We delivered record levels of shipments, revenues and operating income for the quarter and for the fiscal year. Each of these metrics achieved double-digit growth in the June quarter compared with the June quarter of last year. In the quarter, we performed at or above the midpoint of guidance for all of the metrics. And for the fiscal year we hit some impressive milestones crossing $5 billion in both revenue and shipments for the first time in our history and generating more than $1 billion in operating income, again for the first time. We believe these strong results and milestones clearly demonstrate solid execution against our opportunities. Our upward trajectory of shipments continued in the June quarter with shipments coming in at $1.616 billion, which was up 8% sequentially and above the midpoint of the guided range. And as I just mentioned, shipments for the fiscal year topped the $5 billion mark. As we expected coming into the quarter, memory shipments were flattish in dollar terms and declined slightly in percentage terms during the quarter. The combined memory segment paid up 60% of total system shipments and that compares with 67% in the prior quarter. DRAM shipments represented 37% of system shipments, which was down from 45% in the prior quarter. DRAM shipments were largely being driven by 20-nanometer conversion spending. NAND and other non-volatile memory accounted for 23% of shipments, which was flat with 22% in the March quarter. NAND investment in the quarter was primarily directed towards investments in 3D NAND. Shipments to our foundry customers were at 26% of system shipments in the June quarter, which was up a little bit from 24% in the prior quarter. Foundry spending in June was a mix of FinFET investment as well as 28-nanometer capacity spending. The logic and other segment had a nice uptick accounting for 14% of system shipments compared with 9% last quarter. Strength here came from continuing investments in CMOS image sensors. Record revenues for the quarter were at a level of $1.481 billion, which was an increase of 6% compared with the March quarter. For fiscal year 2015, the revenues of the Company also exceeded the $5 billion mark for the first time. You've consistently been hearing us talk about our strong position around the technology inflections and our differentiation in the marketplace. I think you can absolutely see that position reflected in our shipment and revenue outperformance. Gross margin came in right at the midpoint of guidance at 45.5%, and as we shared with you in the past, we expect to see variability in gross margins on a quarterly basis as a function of a number of factors such as business volumes, product mix, particularly our newer products where we're still moving down the cost curve as well as relative levels of customer concentration. Operating expenses in the June quarter grew a little bit to $355 million but decreased as a percentage of revenue to 24%, which was down from 25% in the March quarter. In the quarter, 63% of the OpEx spend went to R&D which was about the same level as last quarter. The top priority of the Company is to continue to fund R&D programs and infrastructure to enable the future growth of the Company. These ongoing investments are crucial to being ready for the current as well as next set of technology inflections. R&D is funding development of capabilities like our Flex G Series dielectric etcher, our VECTOR ALD Oxide systems as well as our Kiyo conductor etch systems. Operating income in the June quarter was also at a record level coming in at $319 million, which was up over 15% from the prior quarter. Another first in the history of the Company, as I mentioned, operating income generated in fiscal year topped $1 billion. Operating margin in the quarter was 21.6% which was up from 19.9% in March and again above the midpoint of the guided range. Operating margin improved quarter over quarter with the growth in revenue along with the improvement in gross margin. And similar to my comments about gross margin, we expect to see variability in operating income with variability in gross margin as well as overall business levels. The tax rate for the quarter was approximately 16%, which was up compared to 11% in the March quarter. A tax rate in the middle teens would be reasonable for you to continue to include in your financial models. With share count of about 174 million shares, earnings per share for the June quarter were $1.50, above the midpoint of the guidance, driven by the higher revenue and the higher operating margin. The share count at this point includes dilution from all three of our convertible notes with the total dilutive impact of about 12 million shares of a non-GAAP basis. And I'll remind you that dilution schedules for the 2016, 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations Web-site for your reference. We spent $59 million and took delivery of 754,000 shares at an average share price of $78.80 during the quarter. At the end of the quarter we had completed more than 60% of the current $850 million share repurchase authorization. We also returned $29 million in dividend distributions to our shareholders and during the quarter announced a 67% increase in the dividend level raising the dividend at $0.30 per share each quarter starting with the payment made earlier in the September quarter. Let me now move to the balance sheet. Cash from operations was strong at $292 million, which was up from $191 million in the March quarter. During the quarter, cash and short-term investments including our restricted cash increased to $4.2 billion, up from $4.1 billion in March. The increase in the cash balance was primarily a result of the cash from operations, offset by those share repurchases and dividends as well as capital expenditures. Day sales outstanding decreased a little bit to 67 days versus 68 days in March. And as we mentioned in the Investor Event, we recorded in the June quarter an impairment of goodwill and intangibles on the balance sheet primarily related to our clean business. The total impairment of $89 million are treated as one-time expenses and included in our non-GAAP adjustments for the June quarter. At the end of the quarter, deferred revenues were $518 million, which was up from $485 million in March. This number excludes $164 million in shipments to customers in Japan which will revenue in future quarters. And I'll just remind you that these Japan shipments remain as inventory carried at cost on our balance sheet. Company non-cash expenses during the quarter included the following; $40 million for equity comp, $39 million for amortization and $31 million for depreciation. Capital expenditure was up a little bit to $63 million which was up from $32 million in the March quarter. Investments in the quarter were largely attributed to lab tool investments. We exited the quarter with approximately 7,200 regular full-time employees. And I'll just take a moment to mention that the growth in headcount you've been seeing from us over the last few quarters will level out as we go forward. So now looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the September quarter. We're expecting shipments of $1.580 billion, plus or minus $75 million. Shipments will continue to be strong driven by 3D NAND. We're forecasting revenue of $1.6 billion, plus or minus $75 million. We expect gross margin of 45.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. We're forecasting operating margins of 22.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. And I just point out, this operating margin includes some growth in spending that is of a discrete nature. I'd expect spending in the December quarter to come down somewhat from this level. And then finally we're forecasting earnings per share of $1.70, plus or minus $0.10, based on a share count of approximately 174 million shares. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Martin and I would be pleased to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello: Congratulations on the very strong results and guidance. Martin, if I could just ask a question, since Intel cut the CapEx again on the last call and kind of made the comments about slowing down Moore's Law, slowing down some technology transitions which a lot of people think TSMC is kind of suggesting they will do as well, obviously that's not affecting you in the short term given the terrific results and guidance, but what do you think the long-term impact is this on your business of that?
Martin Anstice: I think when we look at the totality of our industry and while it is true we have a consolidated industry and that means looking at 5 to 10 companies, everybody does have a slightly different story, and as an equipment company, our profile of business with any one customer is slightly different than others, and as many people have written, in fact the negative commentary from Intel from a cadence perspective obviously doesn't impact us as much as it does possibly for others. But we look kind of holistically here at the full spectrum of technology inflections and still feel very positive around medium-term and long-term business opportunities, and logic is in the mix and traditional shrink is in the mix, but there are many other market inflection opportunities for the Company and that's kind of what we're investing for and that's what we're trying to describe in terms of outperformance opportunity for the Company. So it takes all customers, all segments, all inflections and it's a lot of opportunity from my perspective to be innovative and creative, solving and contributing to the success of our customers long-term.
James Covello: That's very helpful, thank you. And if I could just ask for a follow-up, similar kind of situation to last quarter where the market was very concerned about what your results and guidance would look like on the heels of an Intel cut and maybe some more cautious commentary from TSM and just like last quarter you guys delivered a terrific quarter and gave guidance well above the street, do you think this is just a function of that much less exposure to those customers or do you think there's some dynamic here of you gaining share even if some of the customers that might be slowing down a little bit such that your commentary is much more constructive and your numbers are much better than your peers even in the context of those customers slowing down?
Martin Anstice: I mean let's not be confused, the outperformance commentary of the Company is not a commentary of being weak in places, so they are cutting investment. It is a fundamental commentary on deposition and etch and to some extent clean intensive technology inflections, which is creating a rather unique opportunity for our Company in our industry to grow and outperform, and the commentary that we've articulated today is a little stronger than we did a couple of weeks ago relative to revenues because as I hope all noticed, we said, we're now expecting revenues in the second half slightly stronger than the first half as opposed to kind of roughly balanced, and if we execute to that plan, we will be delivering our third straight year of 20% revenue growth in the Company, which is a tremendous commentary on fundamental growth opportunities that we think have traction for several years yet.
James Covello: Terrific. Thanks a lot for the color and congratulations again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar: I have two of them. First one, Martin, even though if December shipments are going to be down, it looks like your year-over-year shipments are still very impressive comparing where the WFE is going to be, so based on that my question is that if the growth, can you parse it out between how much of your growth is coming from SAM expansion and how much is it market share, is it 50-50, two third-one third, and then I have a follow-up?
Martin Anstice: 1 don't know that I can answer that specifically for the year, Krish, but we have kind of characterized from the beginning of this inflection story roughly a two third-one third profile in favor of SAM expansion. So the market share story is indeed a meaningful component but it is the smaller of the two. And as a side note, we did recently increase our expectations to share growth in etch from the original 3% to 5% target to the 4% to 8% level.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. And then as a follow up, if I look at your September guidance and try to analyze it, you're kind of at the run rate that you gave in your target model on revenue side at a $36 billion WFE run rate, which obviously is not the case in September but it looks like you guys are running pretty well ahead of target, thanks to your model, the question here is that is most on the earnings power going forward going to be driven by the top line or are there any specific levers to pull on the OpEx side or customer mix that's going to drive the incremental EPS upside?
Doug Bettinger: Krish, a lot of it is going to come from revenue growth. Having said that though, we're not going to grow spending as quickly as we believe revenue growth will grow which is how you get from kind of where we are today at call it 22%, up to the 24% or so over the next several years. So there's leverage in the model, little bit in gross margin probably and in the spending line.
Martin Anstice: And just to supplement, we talked a lot about the focus on long-term growth, today's inflections, tomorrow's inflections, and the team has done a really nice job getting the proportion of operating expenses that's focused on R&D above the 60% level, and we've kind of repeated that again this quarter. And again to supplement Doug's point, the guidance today kind of really answers your question because today's guidance September over June is a 13% expansion of EPS on an 8% expansion of revenue's midpoint. So we're really focused on leverage and profitable growth not just market share and revenue growth. So we know the game.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, we've been doing it for three years running now.
Krish Sankar: Got it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho: Congrats on a really nice quarter and fiscal year. Martin, you talked about some of the spending trends that you saw in the first half of the year where DRAM was highly biased, you're seeing the emergence of 3D NAND spending as we head into the second half of the year. Are there any other segments that you're seeing the second half of the year that are picking up that's helping you deliver some of the outlooks both for September as well as the December quarter?
Martin Anstice: I think we have a pretty good presence through each of the inflections in the segment as you know and with the recent disclosure, despite comments on this call, the recent disclosure in press release about our progress with the North America logic company, we feel pretty good about participating broadly in the spending habits of our customers. To your point, the view of the world today is not so very different in many respects to the view we had at the beginning of the year. We expected DRAM to be first half biased and it still looks that way, and we expected NAND to be second half biased and it's kind of picked up, and we expected kind of foundry logic to be neutral to maybe slightly stronger in the first half as well. So running this Company in this industry, all of that is relevant and certainly notable but we're much more invested in investing with a medium-term, kind of longer-term horizon for obvious reasons. $3 billion SAM expansion opportunity is very important for us to stay focused on executing.
Patrick Ho: Okay, great. And Doug, maybe a question for you, something you've talked about on the Analyst Days and over the last few calls of the services business, some of the revenue opportunities there, that's always a business where you could always have margin improvement. What are some of the actions you're taking there to I guess further streamline that opportunity to help drive better leverage to the bottom line?
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, what we're really trying to do more than anything is set that part of the business to grow faster than just the growth rate of the installed base. As you know, the profitability of this part of the business is pretty good. It requires some direct investment, not a lot. But really what we're doing is, innovating the business model, innovating in how we're delivering value to customers so that we can grow the top line and the bottom line falls through just as the top line grows.
Martin Anstice: To be very direct, Patrick, it's all about value you can provide to the customer. If you can't provide much value to the customer, then you're not going to make much money selling it. So it's all about finding ways to understand their challenges and issues and support them as well as we can and we've got a lot of people invested in that agenda.
Patrick Ho: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll next go to Timothy Arcuri with leads Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Couple of things. I guess, Doug, I'm just looking at gross margin and if I compare gross margin and I look at the guidance and I compare that to the end of calendar 2013, revenues are up about $500 million a quarter or roughly $2 billion annualized and model has definitely played out, there's no question about that, I guess the one thing would be that margins hadn't really gone up despite all that additional revenue, and I guess are there any things you can do from a high level to sort of address that? I know you've talked about doing some more one-off projects for some customers which seems to be [indiscernible] a lot more value to them, so I wonder if maybe there's some way something you can do to capture that value to cause margins to have some upside from here?
Doug Bettinger: Tim, when I look at operating margin at least, we've delivered nice upside. We've gone from high teens a year ago into low 20s, right, so even though gross margin is kind of been level a little bit. The reason gross margin to level is, as we've talked about in the past, we've got more new tools coming out in the last 12 months than we ever had in the history of the Company, and in the first couple of quarters that new equipment is shipping. You don't have your cost as low as it's going to get and as you mature those tools and get them released into the high-volume environment, costs come down and margin gets better. That's really what is going on the gross margin line.
Martin Anstice: And this is maybe an important point relative to the philosophy of the Company, our most important vision objective is to focus on customer trust, which means in all respects, and we have to be cognizant of the distribution profit to the supply chain, we have to target a profitability level that we think is going to support the sustainable growth ambition of the Company, and so the model that we've articulated historically has been a baseline and I think although we didn't report a gross margin percentage in the long-term model the other day, Doug described the fact that more or less the headline for gross margins was the same today as it was a year or so ago.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot for that, Martin. And then I guess my second question is on shipments and you're not guiding December shipments, Martin, but it sounds like shipments are going to come down maybe 200 million to 300 million versus what they were in September, and I'm wondering given all the issues in China and you look at semis, many of the semis are guiding way below seasonal for Q3 and there's some obvious signs that foundry is going to get softer, so I'm just trying to assess how much in the foundry segment in particular, how much is risk-adjusted in that down 200 million to 300 million shipment number from September to December, is that primarily 3D NAND coming down or is there some risk adjustment also for the foundry segment too?
Martin Anstice: So you kind of gave me the answer in your question when you said you're probably not going to give guidance, and I'm definitely not, but to help you kind of triangulate, I mean some part of what will be our profile, and I have no idea if our profile is going to be the same or different than other equipment company, it's all a by-product of how you're participating and what your September is going to look like in terms of sequentials. Some part of December message we communicated is a by-product of what I think will prove to be relative strength of our Company in the September quarter. I think some part of the commentary is simply a statement of this new variability challenge we described in our Analyst Meeting. In a consolidated semiconductor industry, just in context, the top five spenders are going to represent let's say 70% of wafer fabrication equipment: spending. If you're a $6 billion company, which is kind of what we're run rating to right now, that means in any one quarter the average spending from one of those top five customers is $0.25 billion. So all it takes is an adjustment from one guy and you spring into the types of numbers that you talked about. Our focus is kind of obviously flexibility of business model to deal with that variability as well as we can but not to compromise the focus on long-term growth in the Company. So we've done our best to absorb the rumor and the substance of kind of industry tone in the last couple of weeks and obviously we spend a lot of time directly with customers trying to learn as much as we can and that's reflected in the guidance that we have given you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Congrats on another set of solid results here. Martin, I wanted to probe you on the fourth quarter expectations just a little bit. You kind of quantified the upside on the shipments, like the maximum ceiling for shipments in the fourth quarter. I was hoping you can provide some color on what level of downside could there be. And secondly, like you've built deferred revenues of about $200 million over last three quarters. How should we think about the revenues in the fourth quarter? Could we still get like flattish revenues from September to December?
Martin Anstice: I'm going to respectfully contain my comments on December quarter shipments which seem a long way away from our seat at this point in time to the answer I just gave to Tim's question, but certainly relative to revenues the message from the Company is very clear I hope. We expect slightly stronger revenues in the second half of this year than the first half of this year, and if we executed our plan, this will be our third consecutive year of 20% growth which I think is a remarkable commentary on the substance of the technology inflection growth opportunities we've described to you now.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. And just a quick question related to your comment on NAND shipments, you mentioned the term 'NAND and other non-volatile memory' and considering that there was a new memory architecture that was announced yesterday, I just wanted to hear if you have started to see other orders or shipments in next-generation memory?
Doug Bettinger: It's Doug. We spend a lot of time working with customers on all of their next-generation technologies and aspirations. I'm not going to answer a question about any specific customer except to say we're very well integrated with everybody in the industry.
Operator: We'll next go to Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg: First just I know it's really early but wondering if you could just give us a little bit of your view on which segments might be up or down in your opinion in 2016 foundry, NAND, logic, DRAM, up or down, some early color?
Martin Anstice: West Twigg, you are very optimistic today with your question. So I'll do my best here and I think it's more qualitative than quantitative. As we said in the Analyst Event, we are still biased to an expansion of wafer fabrication equipment spending in calendar 2016 over 2015, and frankly a big part of that is influenced by the SAM expansion conversation that we have most knowledge of. So asking any equipment company to really applying with substance on WFE is a bit of a stretch because none of us sell product into every single segment of the industry, so we're always kind of imputing a WFE headline. But I would say, the demand message holistically looks pretty descent I would expect and I see unit number next year that's probably a little higher than this year. I think that to the extent there are kind of inventory  I don't know if I would describe them as issues right now because I think it's pretty modest but there are certainly some evidence of minor industry corrections kind of playing out in the second half of the year. I think we go into next year with really good supply/demand balance in all segments of the industry. Next year is a very important year relative to transitioning from first phase investments and for some maybe second but primarily first phase investments in next-generation technology, and so the technology inflections of 3D NAND and FinFET transistor for example are really just beginning to get traction as device relevant. So I look at the demand statement and I feel reasonably good about all of it. And then obviously I think there's maybe four fabs coming online in the first half of next year, three of them I think are foundry logic and one is memory. So it's very clear that the customer is committed to the medium and long-term inflections and they are very disciplined around their execution. So even in a world like DRAM for example where perhaps as a by-product of ASPs in the last three months, there's some level of anxiety, it's a superefficient conversion and it is a conversion that has business subsets, it's a better performing DRAM at lower cost. And so at the end of the day it's all about the customer's ability to pay for that and if they can afford to do the upgrade then I think you see it executed. So I don't know if I would call out any one segment right now, I feel like there's legs in all three of them as we describe them, and we will see how the next kind of six months plays out before we get quantitative.
Weston Twigg: That was a very good answer, very helpful especially for what's a difficult question. So as a follow-up, can you help me understand the nature of the big increase in the future Japanese revenue, was that more CMOS image sensor or was that perhaps some memory shipment?
Martin Anstice: It was perhaps a little bit of both of those things, West.
Weston Twigg: Perfect. Thanks again.
Operator: We'll next go to C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse: I guess first question, I was hoping to get I guess discuss your thoughts on 10-nanometer ramp on the foundry logic side and how you would compare and contrast it to what you saw to 20 nanometer, 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer, both in terms of timing and magnitude of equipment, first the pilot and then high-volume?
Martin Anstice: I think in terms of timing, I'd refer you back to the slide that I presented in the Analyst Meeting, kind of not so much more to add there but the substance of 10 nanometer we think emerges next year and continues through 2017 with 7 nanometer investments playing out in the 2018 timeframe. So there's more details in the Analyst slide deck for you to take a look at. In terms of how we would expect the 10 nanometer investment to compare and contrast, I don't know that anybody can really answer that question today and I'm repetitively exposed to a broad diverse set of opinions. My personal opinion is that 16 nanometer and 14 nanometer is obviously important nodes as first FinFET but I have the impression that the fabless community have expectations of performance and cost benefits in relative terms with 10 nanometer that will be greater than they realized in the 20 nanometer and 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer space, and when I read what I read from the foundries, that seems to be consistent with what they are describing as a business objective as well. So, I would expect 10-nanometer to be a very robust technology node for the industry. In our models, as a point of reference we try to assess risk in our long-term models or opportunity in our long-term models. I think by the time we get to calendar 2018 in the logic and foundry combined, we've assumed about 150,000 wafer starts of 10-nanometer capacity.
C.J. Muse: By calendar start 2018?
Martin Anstice: That's it. By the time we get to the end of 2018, and I should have said foundry only, sorry, foundry only about 150,000 wafer starts by the end of 2018, that's our assumption in our [indiscernible].
C.J. Muse: Great. And I guess my follow up for Doug, two parts here, one, can you share what ending backlog was, and then two, for OpEx trajectory and the discrete items here in the September quarter, should we be getting back to low, mid-350s in December?
Doug Bettinger: C.J., I'm not going to give you bookings. I did that a quarter or so ago just kind of as a one-off thing.
C.J. Muse: No, but you do report ending backlog. I'm curious if you can share that.
Doug Bettinger: We don't report that.
Martin Anstice: You're going to see that in the 10-K.
Doug Bettinger: We report it one time a year and it's  I actually haven't even looked at it, C.J.
C.J. Muse: Okay.
Doug Bettinger: So then your second question on spending, it will come down, probably a little bit above the quarter that we just announced but pretty close I think.
Martin Anstice: Just to put the backlog statement in context, the reason Doug said what he said is the same reason that about seven or eight years ago Lam Research guys were not reporting bookings anymore. It gives a very misleading commentary on the ebbs and flows of the industry. And so when you take that input and then you take the very short-term nature and the cycle time compression that exist in the industry, the backlog for any of our companies today is much less a commentary on the future of the industry than ever before. So that's why it is only an annual disclosure that shows up in the 10-K filing.
Doug Bettinger: And it's not that meaningful for kind of upcoming shipments.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Congratulations on the solid quarterly execution. On the roughly flattish shipment outlook for September, you pointed out strong 3D NAND. Can you guys just give us the rough sense directionally for your DRAM, foundry and logic shipments in September?
Martin Anstice: I'll give you a little color. It's going to be strong 3D NAND. DRAM is probably down a little bit. Everything else I think is pretty steady, plus or minus.
Harlan Sur: Okay, great, thanks for that. And I'm not complaining about the gross margin performance here but given your commentary around sort of record loadings in your manufacturing facilities back at SEMICON a couple of weeks ago, I'm also kind of somewhat surprised that the team is not driving some gross margin benefits from better overhead absorptions on higher revenues in the September quarter. Is it mix related as you mentioned or are there some other cost related issues that are masking the potential absorption benefits?
Martin Anstice: As you might expect, we're driving this conversation really hard but as you might also expect our customers drive the very same coefficient really hard relative to us contributing to their long-term success. So frankly speaking, the gross margin conversation does not exist in isolation, at least as we run our Company. We are very focused on trying to get the balance right, we feel like we've got a tremendous growth opportunity that can be executed in the context of the models that we presented, and for us to execute that and have sustainability it means we have to respond and respect to the long-term interest of our customers and other companies may choose different strategies and they may have different growth and profitable growth profiles as a result of that, ours I hope is very clear.
Operator: And we'll next go to Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit Shah: Martin, you mentioned 20% growth in the last couple of years as well as this year. When you think about sustainable growth, is 20% sort of the number that you have in your head looking forward?
Martin Anstice: That's a good try, Romit. I would say our objective is to grow faster than the industry. We have an outperformance objective. We've talked about trying to grow twice as fast as the industry and we've been able to demonstrate an ability to do that. I think that's the more definitive objective for the Company, and if WFE kind of goes up and it coincides with 20%, that's great.
Doug Bettinger: We should grow faster than the market and the industry, Romit, is the important point.
Romit Shah: Understood. Thanks. And then the other point you guys have mentioned at least as far as 2016 goes is, one reason why you're optimistic on DRAM is that 20-nanometer conversion is still low as a percent of the installed base. Do you have an updated number for what you think that is or what it might be towards the end of the year?
Martin Anstice: More or less the same number today, Romit, as before. Our expectation is, by the end of this year we've done about a third of the conversion to 20-nanometer done. So if the industry continues at the pace of calendar 2015 from a conversion point of view, it's another 18 months to two years before you're done and that's without one X and one Y and maybe even one Z in the roadmap of our customers. So as I said in the Analyst Meeting, we've got kind of two to three nodes after the 20-nanometer technology node in the roadmaps of customers as we understand them today. So I think there's decent sustainability here. At the end of the day, as has been demonstrated many times in this industry, it's all about ability to pay and if the ASP environment puts too much pressure on profitability then obviously it's tough for folks to spend money on converting even if there's business substance to that investment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Edwin Mok with Needham and Company.
Edwin Mok: Congrats on a great quarter. So first question on the etch market share number, I understand obviously you guys gave that target on the Analyst Event, but just kind of think about how you can achieve those numbers, how much of that is already designed that you believe you have already won in existing 3D NAND or FinFET or kind of newer inflection [indiscernible] opportunity versus has any of that or what portion of that is relying on customer corroborating to let's say thicker 3D NAND there like 72 layer 3D NAND or [indiscernible] 10-nanometer process and you won that business, is that what [indiscernible]?
Martin Anstice: I mean in the timeframe of right now, the selection decisions that are being made by the industry in logic, for example 10 nanometer selection decisions, now there are some a little bit left of that and then maybe even some a little bit right of that from a kind of early-stage selection perspective, but it would be irresponsible for me to say it's all in the bank because in this industry we should constantly have respect for the competency and capability of our competition, everybody that survived this long is good, and we should recognize that we have to work hard every single day to continue to realize the opportunity that we've described. But I do feel like if we continue to execute in this Company and meet the commitments that we've made to customers, then in large parts the inflection story absolutely is as much in our control if not more in our control than anybody else. So 'in the bank' too strong a word but I think we've got good track records, we've employed the right strategy and you've heard me talk a lot in this call about supporting beliefs of customers, I think the instinct and the philosophy that we employ in the business on a day to day basis makes this story sustainable.
Edwin Mok: Okay, great, that's fair. And then, Doug, can I ask you about capital structure, any thoughts, I know you guys did the buyback and you guys put up dividend and raised dividend recently but any thoughts about putting more leverage on the balance sheet or maybe putting more, adding more debt on the balance sheet and can you remind us how much of your cash is onshore versus offshore?
Doug Bettinger: I mean right now I'm pretty comfortable with the balance sheet as it's at. We just a quarter ago raised $1 billion in debt. I feel very good about the cash we have in terms of funding what we need. So I don't see doing anything in the near term beyond what's there because we've got what we need. In terms of onshore/offshore cash, a little less than half of the cash today on the balance sheet is onshore and obviously a little more than half is offshore.
Edwin Mok: Okay, great. That's all I have, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria: I will just combine both of my questions in one. Martin, just a question on the memory, DRAM versus NAND, industry trend and specific to your Company, you talked about logic and foundry being down slightly, of course memory is up. Can you talk a little bit about relative growth in DRAM and NAND for industry specific and also for your shipments because if I look at your shipment last year, your DRAM shipment were probably 40%, 50% more than NAND, and this year I get to almost even NAND and DRAM, so NAND has to be a huge growth, so if you can describe that a little bit qualitatively that will be helpful?
Martin Anstice: I mean from an industry perspective, the wafer fabrication equipment spending kind of the 2014 compared to 2015 under the assumptions we described in this meeting, DRAM and NAND both increased year-over-year and the increase is slightly greater I would say in DRAM than NAND Flash actually. I'm sorry, I said that back to front. So for the Company, we obviously have communicated to you a really important message in terms of a sound expansion for 3D NAND and that means in relative terms the story for the Company is going to be positive around the 3D NAND transition which is heavily deposition and to some extent also etch intensive. So you got to see a stronger story for the Company in NAND because of that, but our outlook is both segments spent more money this year than last year and we see obviously a very meaningful inflection expansion for NAND next year and we believe consistent with the answer to last question that there's sustainability to the DRAM investment as well.
Operator: It does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. So at this time we will go ahead  we do have one more question.
Martin Anstice: We'll take one more, operator.
Operator: We'll take that question from Jagadish Iyer with [Bridgestone Technology] [ph].
Jagadish Iyer: Thanks so much for squeezing me in. Just one quick question, Martin. One of your competitors have highlighted that next year potentially there could be a slight slowdown in DRAM spending and one of your customers has also indicated that the bit growth for next year for DRAM could be lower. In such a scenario, how should we be thinking about the patterning opportunity for you for next year vis-a-vis this year?
Martin Anstice: I mean it's appropriate that you should make a connection between the multi-patterning growth opportunities for the Company in DRAM because multi-patterning shows up in DRAM as well as logic. I think the relationship in our assumptions next year is probably two-thirds logic one-third DRAM in terms of multi-patterning SAM. So there's definitely a consequence. If there was a scenario where DRAM spending did not play out, there is some level of consequence into the multi-patterning opportunity but the majority in the two-thirds I think if my memory serves me correct is logic based anyway.
Jagadish Iyer: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Audrey Charles: Thank you, operator. That's all we have time for today. Thank you for your participation and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's call.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Audrey Charles - IR Martin Anstice - President and CEO Doug Bettinger - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs  Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse C J Muse - Evercore ISI Group Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Stephen Chin - UBS Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Mark Heller - CLSA Atif Malik - Citibank Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shawn - RBC Capital Markets Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Edwin Mok - Needham and Company Sundeep Bajikar - Jefferies Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2015 Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Audrey Charles, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Audrey Charles: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to the Lam Research Quarterly Conference Call. We would like to thank you for accommodating our change in schedule of this week. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the March 201 quarter and our outlook for the June 2015 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes, including our outlook. A more comprehensive list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide deck accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosure in our public filings, including our 10-K and 10-Q. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific Time and as always we ask that you limit questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that Ill hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Audrey. Good afternoon everyone. And thank you for joining us today. In recognition of the competency capability and effort necessary to repeatedly deliver record levels of performance. I'd like to begin today by extending by sincere thanks to the employees of Lam Research, who strive tirelessly to meet commitments made, and built competitive advantage for the company. Defined by the substance of our culture, we are intuitively predisposed to find ways to contribute to the success of our customers through the delivery of innovative technology, trusted productivity and speed to solutions. It is in this context that we continue to be very pleased with the fundamentals and the trajectory of the company and are more inspired than ever by the long -term growth outperformance opportunity. Thank you, all.  At is customary, I will now review our March quarter accomplishments, highlighting the multiyear outperformance drivers and their relevance to our strong results and guidance today. We will then summarize our 2015 outlook for wafer fabrication equipment spending and conclude with some updates on our strategic focus.  The March quarter concluded with results generally in line with our expectations above mid point for all guided metrics. This represented our seventh consecutive quarter, a greater than $1 billion in revenues and was the highest yet reported levels of revenue shipments and operating income, each showing double digit growth from the same quarter last year. The delivery of this performance, we believe is a strong endorsements of our culture and values. The commentary on levels of customer trust and the validation of our ability to scale effectively. The combination of a strong March quarter and a stronger next quarter guide. And a perspective for there is some uniqueness to the market dynamics for Lam, provides the company opportunity for a strong second half.  We continue to believe our performance is the result of increasing levels of trust and support from customers broadly. Markets that are sustaining, sustainability growing faster than the average WFE baseline, a differentiated Lam product and service offering which when deployed in a true partnership with customers, are together facilitating the technology inflections of multi patenting, treaty device architecture and advance packaging. These inflections are at the core of semiconductor scaling, critical to our customers and to their customers' success as they respectively perceive competitive differentiation with higher performance, more power efficient and more cost effective devices. We believe that inflection spending continues to raise proportionately tracking to one third of WFE this year and reaching the 50% level in 2017. A view point that remains a major influence over our confidence in achieving multiyear growth outperformance. The multi patenting and 3D device architecture inflections are now well recognized as being etch and deposition intensive making likely the segment grow faster than the market for the next several years. This represents opportunity and risks both but the continuous strengthening of our product portfolio creates a growing SAM. The headline today is we now compete for 28.5% of total equipment spending and that number we believe will exceed 30% by calendar 2017. Lam's opportunity to outperform continues to have upside through market share gains. We previously reported a greater than 50% inflection based market share headline and further achieved applications defense and penetration performance so far this year above expectations at the 90% success level. Both data points reflect good momentum against our three year market share target of 4% to 8% increase in deposition market share, 3% to 5% in etch and 5% to 10% in clean . Over the last several quarters, we have talked about the success of our vector ALD product with a targeted tripling of business this year and an equivalent increase in breadth of customer engagement. Growth in our ALD presence well primarily driven by multi patenting application is being augmented by the successful expansion of our product to other applications such as high expect in ratio liners and image sensor devices. Our momentum in this fast growing market segment is enabled by our technology which is delivered with the productivity necessary for high volume manufacturing adoption. In conductor etch; we continue to extend our leadership with the most comprehensive product portfolio in debt development capability. We are extremely pleased with the market adoption for our latest generation Kiyo etch products, illustratively we recently secured another critical 3D NAND conduction etch position at a leading device manufacture and as a result, the Kiyo product addressing this market will now have more than double its install base in the first half of calendar 2015. This type of success builds fundamental capability and competitive advantage from demonstrated production performance. And it validates our conviction that for deposition and etch combined, we believe we have secured 90% of the critical 3D NAND's application selection so far made in the industry. We have long partnered with customers to demonstrate the value of our Kiyo with hydro technology which allows for localized fine tuning. Significant benefits are being seen for patenting and CD sensitive applications, the differentiated on wafer results are accelerating adoption of this unique and well patented capability. Tactically as we have stated many times, we don't win or defend everything successfully, but if we continue to more than not our momentum builds, strategically we recognize that our greatest areas of growth opportunity remain in dielectric deposition and dielectric etch, accordingly we prioritize investments and engagements to realize that vision.  Now turning to our industry update. With the first quarter of 2015 concluded in line with our expectations and disclosure by companies in aggregates more or less consistent with our planning assumptions, we maintained our general outlook for WFE investment. The predicated trends in semiconductor consumption including demand at the leading etch, the value proposition of technology investments by our customers and the well established spending discipline, we believe together supports a growth outlook. The perpetual environment of change, pull and push, real and perceived is not new. Our focus on achieving long-term success a key guiding principle. We believe that the fundamentals remain strong for our company. This is an opportunity rich environment where our long-term commitment to customer trust across all market segments and all active technology nodes combined with a vigorous pursuit of technology leadership across our full and product portfolio never more important. In the DRAM segments, we see disciplined investment strength across multiple customers, notwithstanding the well publicized weakness in PCs. Market demand continues to be driven by mobile and enterprise DRAM growth, DRAM investments which have appear p4 biased to the first half of 2015 are very efficient, and focused primarily on technology conversions to 20 nanometer. For NAND memory, we believe that it will remain a healthy balance in overall supply and demand. We still anticipate that investments will include play and conversion and 3D NAND capacity addition in 2015, with the 3D investments being more second half weighted. At this time, we project 2015 3D NAND investment to be slightly greater than planar.  Overall, we anticipate 2015 memory WFE spending at or slightly above the $15 billion level. For the foundry segment, we continue to see that investments in 2015 are focused on FinFET enablement at a number of customers as they compete for opportunity in their market place. The previously noted 28 nanometer classes of additions are occurring as anticipated. Our view of foundry investments is slightly lower than the spending levels we saw in 2014, again reasonably distributed across the industry and the year.  We expect logic spending of between $6 billion and $7 billion more or less flat with 2014, reflecting a sustained commitment to technology conversions with optimized reuse of the installed base. This downward market pressure is offset at some level by mobile demand driven spending within the image sensor segment. Bottom line, we continue to model 2015 WFE at $34 billion, plus or minus two for the year. As we highlighted last quarter, execution on our current opportunities continually increasing customer trust, building strategic alliances with key customers, profitably growing the business and preparing for the next set of technology inflections are areas of strategic focus. Our commitments to R&D is the most fundamental element of sustaining outperformance for the company and as such we target to allocate more than 60% of operating expenses consistently to the delivery of innovation, fundamental research and concept feasibility evaluations, seeking to optimize both short term performance with our ambition for long-term sustainable growth.  We continue to realize the benefits of that focus in atomic level processing and control in deposition and in etch both which effectively leverages our established strength providing a credible and we believe executable technology roadmap for the future. As we continue our journey of growth, 2015 is a year which in many respects solidifies and expands upon our successes of 2014. It is the year where we target to build competitive advantage through an intense focus on execution. We are pleased by our performance so far, but believe our opportunity and potential are greater. We aspire to strengthen the foundation of success and ensure that our most enabling vision objective to make Lam Research a place where successful people want to work, is a long-term competitive advantage that builds with intensity and drives value for the full community of stakeholders. Doug?
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you again for joining us today. We are very pleased with our results for the March quarter. A quarter where we achieved record levels for shipments, revenue as well as operating income. Each of these items grew double digits sequentially. We delivered performance above the midpoint of guidance for all of our metrics and delivered earnings per share above the guided range. Execution from the company was clearly very strong in the quarter. Shipments for the quarter were $1,497 million, which was up 20% sequentially and again near the high end of the guided range. I just point out this was the fastest sequential shipment growth in the last seven quarters. Memory shipments continued to be strong in the quarter with the combined memory segment making up 67% of the total system shipments compared to 53% of the prior quarter. DRAM shipments represented 45% of system shipments which was up from 43% in the prior quarter. And NAND made up 21% of the shipments which was up from 10% in the December quarter.  The foundry segment was flattish sequentially in dollar terms accounting for 24% of system shipments. And I remind you that foundry in the December quarter represent 32% of system shipments. And finally the logic and other segment were slightly down contributing 9% of system shipments. And while we don't normally comment on bookings, this quarter I just mentioned that as we ended the March quarter, the book-to-bill was comfortably above one. We delivered record revenue of $1,393 million in the March quarter, an increase of 13% from December. Gross margin for the period came in at 44.7%, again towards the high end of our guided range. Better utilization from the factory and field in addition to a slightly more diverse customer base up gross margin. Also helping was the fact that we made solid progress in improving the manufacture ability of some of our new deposition tools. And as we shared before our excellent gross margins are a function of a number of factors such as business volume product mix and customer concentration and you should expect to see variability quarter-to-quarter.  I'll remind you that our financial model is still the best way to think about our ongoing performance in the longer term. Operating expenses in the quarter grew to $345 million but decreased 2% as a percentage of revenue to 25%. Spending was above the midpoint of the implied guidance primarily due to an increase in profit depended expenses during the quarter. R&D spending increased sequentially while SG&A declined. We continue to drive our spending profile to have an increasing portion of our operating expense in R&D versus SG&A. R&D represented a greater percentage of total OpEx in March compared to last quarter. These R&D investments are critical to preparing for the current as well as future technology inflection center industry.  Operating income in the March quarter came in at a record level of $277 million, up 20% from the prior quarter. Operating margin was 19.9%, up from 18.7% in December and again at the high end of the guided range. Operating margin improved sequentially as we delivered leverage from the growth in revenue. The tax rate for the quarter was up slightly is expected to 11%. The tax rate of middle teens remains the right level for you to include your models. The March tax rate was a little below the normalized level due to more income generated in lower tax jurisdictions as well as a provision to return true-up. Based on share count of approximately 174 million shares, earnings per share for the March quarter were $1.40 above the high end of our guided range. The primary drivers of this being the higher revenue and the above mid point gross margin. The share count at this point includes dilution from all three of our convertible notes with the total dilutive impact being 12 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. And I'll remind you that the dilution schedules for the 2016, 2028 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference. During the quarter, we spent $112 million and took delivery of about 1.4 million shares at an average share price of $78.45. We also returned $0.18 per share in dividend distributions. At the end of the quarter, 11 months into our two year program, we had completed about 55% of the current $850 million share buyback authorization.  Let me now turn to the balance sheet. Cash and short term investments including our restricted cash increased notably in the quarter to $4.1 billion. We decided to take advantage of what we perceived to be a favorable interest rate environment and completed the issuance of $1 billion in principal value of investment grade senior notes. The issuance creates some flexibility for the company on a number of fronts. One of those being something I mentioned in last quarter's call. We have the first of convertible notes maturing in mid 2016 and we plan to use a portion of the proceeds from this issuance to refinance those notes. Cash from operation was $191 million which was up from $161 million in December. This cash generation ended up being a little better than I foreshadowed last quarter due to a little bit more linear shipments during the quarter. Day sales outstanding increased by two days to 68 days. Cash generation was partially offset by our capital return programs as well as capital expenditures. We exited the quarter with deferred revenues up $485 million which was up from $374 million in December. And I'll point out that this excludes $45 million in shipments to customers in Japan which will revenue in future quarters. These Japanese shipments remained as inventory on our balance sheet. Company non cash expenses included $33 million for equity comp, $40 million for amortization, and $31 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $32 million which was down from $61 million in the December quarter. CapEx in this business can at times be lumpy due to the timing of certain investment programs. We exited the quarter with approximately 7,000 regular full time employees.  Now looking ahead, I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the June quarter. We expect shipments of $1,600 million plus or minus $50 million. We expect continued strength in memory and slight growth in both foundry and logic. Revenue of $1,460 million, plus or minus $50 million. Gross margin of 45.5%, plus or minus one percentage point. Operating margins of 21%, plus or minus one percentage point. And finally earnings per share of $1.46, plus or minus $0.07 based on a share count of approximately 174 million shares. And given we just issued new debt, I'd like to provide you some guidance on how to model the P&L impact from the 2020 and 2025 senior notes. On a quarterly basis we anticipate the incremental interest expense net of interest income and the tax impact to be between $4 million and $5 million. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, Martin and I will now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. We will take our first question from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 
Jim Covello: Great. Thanks so much guys, good afternoon and congratulation on the terrific results. Martin, when you made comments about the industry environment, I thought you emphasize the word in aggregate there has been no change. Obviously there has been a couple of high profile cut. Your use to the word an aggregate there and the fact that you haven't changed the overall result suggest there maybe some other-- some other customers that are actually spending a little bit more than they suggested earlier in the year. Is that a fair way to interpret your comments? 
Martin Anstice: Yes. I think that's fair, Jim. And the use of the word aggregate was deliberate. I mean one of the kind of reality is obviously when we're opining on what's changing in the industry outlook. Each of us have a baseline and just occasionally those baselines are the same, and just case they are different, sometimes we are anticipating announcement, sometimes we are not. But what has changed quite clearly is we've seen the public disclosure from the logic and foundry space that I think is well understood in the Industry for us, we've got some pretty kind of positive and meaningful offset in logic in or around image sensor application opportunity so that's kind of an offsetting positive. And the memory investments in 3D NAND is little stronger than we had anticipated in the second half. So I think now we've gone kind of three sequential earnings scores with slightly better outlook in 3D NAND so if you back up two we said we thought planar  0:24:59.0 was greater than 3D NAND. Then we said that we thought they were about the same. And today we said we believe 3D is slightly stronger than planar investments in the calendar year. So that's go little bit better. And in DRAM, the investment level is probably slightly higher than we anticipate it, but I would have say this slightly more efficient because the balance of conversions got slightly stronger and you remember the odds which we talk about in DRAM really not technically as because they are just a compensation of the consequence of technology transition. So we had some foundry and some kind of micro processor negative, we had some image sensor, some 3D NAND and some DRAM kind of positive. And at the end of the day, our WFE number I think is within $200 million or $300 million today where we estimated to be in January.
Jim Covello: That's incredibly helpful, thank you. And if I could ask for my follow up, on the 3D NAND side, would you characterize that strengthening in the back half being driven mostly by one customer or is it a little broader than that? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: I think it is pretty distributed, Jim. I have a sense at this point that everybody is kind of invested in the substance and the reality and the benefits of the transition and the investments are recurring at a difference pace obviously from one customer to another. But as best I can tell everybody is describing an ambition to have HVM capability in calendar 2016, which means they are investing in a meaningful way in the second half of this year to accomplish that objective. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much. Guys, I wanted to ask a question about 3D NAND, and sounds like it is a little better than what you thought during the back half of the year. But you said last call that you thought you add about 70k, not you but the industry would add about 70k, I think going from 60k last year up to 130k closing this year. Does that mean that 70k is gone up a bit?
Martin Anstice: I think that number is not a bad reference point today, these numbers are when you are talking about additions they are pretty big numbers for 5,000 or 10,000 wafer stock. So I am not sure I would extract a very meaningful headline today in terms of number of wafer stock. Similar commentary today. I do think that perhaps our view is that there is maybe 10,000 wafer stocks of capacity shipped in but it won't be kind of productive and installed by the end of calendar year. So we probably have revised our outlook in terms of what will be in process being qualified. But it doesn't play role at all in terms of supply and demand balance in the industry. So it is same message more or less. 
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then, Doug, you said last call, you said that the bottoms up forecast was at the time, implying that -- technically, that the first half looked a little bit better than the back half. But now given that June is in fact that much better than what you thought at that time, do you still think that the first half, have we just pulled into the first half, or is the annual number in fact better than what you thought it was at this time last quarter?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, as you know in this business you don't have perfect clarity in the second half when you are siting here at the end of March. But our expectation is as Martin described a strong second half. There are may still be a slight bias to the first half in terms of shipments, it is probably not loss on you that deferred revenue this quarter such that there might be more balance in revenue than shipments but honestly we are going to guide one quarter at a time. Still a bit early for us to give you definitive visibility in the second half but little bit of color anyway. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities. 
Weston Twigg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow up on DRAM piece. Given that DRAM pricing falling and PC demand has been quite soft this year. Do you have confidence that this spending plan will hold up in the second half? I guess may be you can give us waiting just specific around DRAM first half, second half? 
Martin Anstice: Yes. It is little dangerous to say we are like really, really, really confident gives life doesn't ever work as exactly as you anticipate it. But I do think the headline of discipline in the industry that we talked about a lot now is a valid assumption for the rest of the year. I think the entire supply chain is invested and accomplishing that objective. None of us get excited about wild swings in the volumes of our business. And frankly one of the things that doesn't make me feel good today, the only kind of primary change that we are talking about today in DRAM is that they got more efficient. So it is a slightly bigger number of investments but the value delivered from those investments in the industry is greater than we originally anticipated because there is now a greater proportion of investments assigned to conversions than we originally kind of thinking. So that's a very positive headline from my point of view regarding sustainability. And let's not forget that even with the pace of investment we are describing here, by the time you get to the end of calendar 2015, probably two thirds if not slightly more of the installed base has yet to be upgraded to the 20 nanometer technology node. So that's and I think a multiyear sustainable statement. 
Weston Twigg: Okay, that's very helpful. And I just wondering on the R&D line, big step up in the March quarter. On absolute basis do you think R&D stays around that level or it just varies as a percentage of sales in there to keep it in that range? 
Doug Bettinger: It will hold steady, we said that revenues little stronger in June, total spending will tick up slightly less but it is probably in a pretty steady state level through the next quarter or so.
Weston Twigg: Percentage wise or absolute dollar wise or both I guess to the year maybe. 
Martin Anstice: Absolute dollars
Operator: Our next question comes from Credit Suisse, Farhan Ahmad.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is for Martin, in terms of the 3D NAND, DRAM particularly as you look to next year, how do you think the spending between the planar and 3D would be for next year? Is it fair to assume that maybe close to 90% or even more could be 3D NAND? And secondly as you rethink about spending mix between conversions from planar to 3D and 3D new capacity how does that affect your business? Just to -- you mention like from DRAM the conversion being stronger resulted in a lot high revenue for you, I would imagine like if there is more portion of the spending going to conversion, spending on deposition and etch would be lot stronger? 
Martin Anstice: Yes. I would say at jumbo [ph] level and it is kind of segment unspecific. The more efficient the spending for the customer the more sustainable their investment is and the more likely they are to be successful. So we actually in general are very positive when we see conversions and upgrades. Specific to the first part of your question, while I am not trying to that I could apply on a percentage per se for 3D NAND but I definitely think it is the majority of spending next year. And as best I can tell most of the plans of the customers is not Greenfield. Their existing facilities and their conversion based and the implications of that to while research are very good because 3D NAND transition is deposition and etch intensive as you know and so we care about sustainability, conversions are very good. And whether it is new or conversion the debt on ex component is going to be disproportionately and positively a big feature of that spending.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks, Martin. And just one question on the linearity of CapEx this year. Some of your peers have talked about foundry spending being kind of flattish through the year while DRAM is mostly first half faded. I just wanted to hear your thoughts like if you are seeing similar trends. 
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I don't that we got kind of perspective to that much different from the rest of the industry. So I think we kind of more or less aligned to grow up to that message. 
Operator: From Evercore ISI we have C J Muse. 
C J Muse : Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question when I look at your results implied in your first half guidance, can you comment on whether you are pulling in here your talking model for 2016, 2017 that it actually may absolutely come to fruition in 2016. I would love to hear your thoughts on that. 
Doug Bettinger: Yes. C J, I am not ready to update the financial model. You should expect to hear an update from us when we get to our investor event at SEMICON. Obviously, I feel good about what we are tracking relative to that model but I am not ready to give you any update today. 
C J Muse : Okay. Sure I guess maybe as part of then when you think about the right parts of the market that you lever too, what do you principally drive your outperformance, attribute your outperformance in the first half? Is it memory exposure, is it share gain in LDH, is it double patenting, would love perhaps rank order of what's driving this relative outperformance near terms and then perhaps looking to the back half of the year with 3D ramp, NAND ramping what the key drivers look like there?
Martin Anstice: Well, the memory component obviously features in a pretty meaningful way as communicated by Doug's segmentation comments on March quarter and on the June outlook. Right so in terms of rank order first half of the year, there is a very strong message for us there. But the outperformance commentary from the company as a by productive kind of three inflections we've talked a lot about right so multi patenting, 3D device transition in memory and logic both and advanced packaging, these are the reasons we said we would with execution outperform and these are the very same reasons that we are outperforming. They are real and our focus is execution. I mean you heard me say in my closing that intensity of focus on execution here is kind of everything because we have at least by the decisions of customers set ourselves up for a greater than 50% market share of inflection based business. And as long as we execute that the story for the company is extremely positive. And so we got a little bit of kind of momentum on that obviously from a memory point of view in the first half relative to our model, it is clear and we talked about it several times, we are growing the company a little faster than we had originally anticipated in large part because of the multi patenting transition that we are accelerating particularly in DRAM earlier and faster than we originally modeled. And we are working really hard to make sure all the profitability of that growth kind of plays out consistent with our models and that's the reason why we don't change this model more than kind of once a year. So I feel really good about our growth and there are a lot of people in Lam Research really busy making sure growth is profitable. 
Operator: And our next question is from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much and also congratulation. First off, in terms of 2015 and your comments about planar NAND versus 3D NAND and seeing I guess seeing the pick up and improvements on that front. Do you see any potential shifts in dollars from original plain or NAND investments that are not going to 3D, or has your number basically stayed static on planar or NAND or you are just seeing more 3D NAND in the second half?
Martin Anstice: We have tweaked less planar conversion than we originally anticipated. But our assessment today has been in overall NAND WFE investment is greater today than we anticipated in January. So there are some adjustments but the dollars of investment today we believe are higher than we anticipated in January. Just a little bit, Patrick. 
Patrick Ho: Great, that's helpful. And maybe Doug on the financial side. There has been a little bit of discrepancy that's gotten a little bit larger between shipments and revenues over the past few quarters which does give you a little bit of visibility on the revenue front. However, is that more related to new tools that are getting after in the field that takes a little longer in revenues, or is this something different on the accounting side that we should be aware of? 
Doug Bettinger: There is nothing different on the economic side. It is a little bit of new tools. It is also the fact that we are shipping this to some new fabs and it can sometimes take little bit longer to get the acceptance in that situation. 
Operator: And our next question is from Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin: Thanks. Hi, Martin, Doug also congrats on the execution. I also have a follow up question on 3D NAND. We've heard recently from some of the customers giving updates on the 48 pair for 3D NAND. Do you think the second half is also perhaps benefiting from 48 pair 3D NAND being significantly more capital intensive than perhaps 32 pair NAND was last year? 
Martin Anstice: May be we need to remind everybody we are actually not a NAND memory company. I guess we have perspective but our perspective is never as reliable as our customers on this point. It is a little hard frankly to applying on capital intensity from where we sit. We have a very good visibility to deposition and etch and indeed a 48 pair has more intensity of deposition and etch than a 32 pair and 60 have more than 48 and so on so forth. Now performance benefits and yields all have to kind of play out for the substance and validity of those plans to kind of emerge. So we are not really articulating a headline today that I think is the byproduct of the number of pairs and a device changing from our expectations in January today. I think more we are articulating that some of our customers have made to kind of some changes in their plans a little bit around the balance of planar and 3D investment. So I think that's more the message than the kind of layer account.
Stephen Chin: Okay, thanks for sharing that. And then just a follow up question on the operating expense trends going forward. Now that some of these key inflection technology program, seem like they are well underway at customer such FinFET and 3D, can we think about Lam's OpEx spend normalizing a little bit lower -- or there are the big projects like FinFET and 3D that have come down to pipeline that we just don't know about. 
Doug Bettinger: Stephen as always in technology you have to be innovating your capability such that you are growing revenues two years down the road. The right way to think about the level of our spending, I would encourage you to go back and look that financial model that will answer the question for you. 
Operator: It is comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon and congratulation on a very well executed quarter. On your memory spending outlook for 2015 going higher this year, can you just breakout the rough mix DRAM versus NAND spent within that memory view? 
Martin Anstice: Yes. I can if I get a slide in front of me. Okay, here we go, so we have today an assumption of between kinds of I would say 8.5 and 9.4 DRAM. So you can answer the NAND's question. There is a little bit of other memory but 8.5 to 9 is our assumption on DRAM. 
Harlan Sur: Appreciate that Martin. And then for Doug, team is looking for solid 80 basis points of gross margin improvement here in June. How much of that is due to a more diverse customer base versus some of the cost improvements and new tools that are starting to ship. And given your pipeline and product visibility, does the buyer suggest that you can kind of maintain this sort of 45% plus range as you move to a stronger second half over the year. 
Doug Bettinger: Yes, hi, Harlan, it is pretty evenly split in terms of the sequential improvement gross margin between tool maturation one which is about manufacturability as well as the slight running out of the customer base. So it is a little bit of both. Relative to expectations beyond that, again the reason I point to the financial model it is how we are thinking about the profitability of the company and how we are trying to run the company. So we are kind of in the sweet spot where you would expect us to be. If you go back and look at those model so this probably steady as you go for the most part.
Martin Anstice: So I mean we feel really good about the growth in the company. Hopefully that's kind of clear, we are working really hard to make sure we get the profitability expansion that we were targeting and the most stressful point as we talked about many, many times is the gross margin percentage is still one which is a very, very, very hard thing to execute to because you have kind of competing influences in terms of introducing kind of technology as fast as you can possibly get it to the customer and at the same time maturing it, so that in HVM buy in a high volume environment, the economics are where you want them to be and that's a really tough thing to pull off. And the long-term success of the company is more important than short term success. And our customers have high expectations of our industry that contribute to their business and so we are really focused as Doug just said on the long-term financial models that we've given you and we feel really good about growth and we are working really hard on profitability. 
Operator: And our next question is from Mark Heller with CLSA. 
Mark Heller: Thanks for the question and congratulation also on a good result. Doug, I was wondering if you could may be just give more color on the end market breakdown for June. I know you said memory would remain strong but can you give maybe some little bit more color on the percentages? 
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I am not going to give you the hard percentages. As I said memory will remain strong so that's plus or minus what we did in March likely and I said I expect logic and foundry both be sequentially stronger. I am not going to get into quantifying it specifically but that's a directional body language on it.
Mark Heller: Okay. And then obviously cash flow generation is really been excellent. I was wondering if you could -- is there any target that you have for calendar2015 and aside from the debt refinancing which I think is for next year, what are the other expected uses of cash. Could we see a dividend increase or another buyback?
Doug Bettinger: Well, we are not changing the plans of the company as we sit today. So I told you we are 55% of the way through the two year buyback authorization and we are about like end of the quarter we are 11 months into it, so that's got a ways to play out, I described part of that debt that we raised targeted towards refinancing the 2016 convertible notes. And beyond that our priorities for cash are first the profitable reinvestment of the business. We are absolutely committed to returning cash to shareholders. I don't have an update for you on the program that we got in place. And then you got to invest in CapEx and the business as well. So that's how we are thinking about there.
Martin Anstice: The only thing that I would add is relative to we kind of target for cash from operations, we don't really and we kind of pulling out there for you guys but clearly the operating income performance of the company is a decent proxy in the long term for our cash from operations performance. And in practice when it is higher or lower that's much more to do with the direction of the industry and the company than anything else. So if business volumes are in a positive direction i.e. growing at the end of this calendar year then we will be much more likely investing in even more growth and so may be you don't drive cash from operation as strong as your operating income if the reverse is true then you drive better cash from operations. So that tends to be how we think about it over a multiple year horizon, the operating income percentage is a good proxy for us in terms of cash from operations performance. 
Operator: Our next question is from Atif Malik with Citibank. 
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question, congratulation on good set of numbers. Martin, what if anything is different about equipment reuse especially at foundries migrates from 20 to 16 and down 10 nanometer. And if you can talk about either your end markets or any other end markets which are more prone to equipment reuse? 
Martin Anstice: Yes. I would say I mean historically the markets where reuse is featured significantly have had limited number of kind of dye in a fab and align and so microprocessor fab and memory fab have historically been kind of the perfect models of equipment reuse and our customers get better at that and we get better at supporting them and frankly it is in everybody's best interest in the long term that we are able to kind of execute collectively consistent but as it always the case there is two sides to every coin and one of the reality is as an equipment company is the profitability level measured by percentage of profitability is often greater on kind of the conversion the upgrade than the original equipment sale. And so you get a smaller dollar but you get better kind of leverage in terms of the percentages. In the foundry space specifically I would say where you have a really big customer with a much focused demand requirement in terms of the number of dye then you have an opportunity for reuse in ways that in a typical foundry with many customers and much dye you don't have. And we don't actually see any change today from the world that we anticipate it, maybe we were lucky or maybe we put a lot thought into anticipating it well but I think we've been saying for a year we expected the equipments for 16 nanometer foundry by to have 90% to 95% overlap with the 20 selection. There is a lot of reuse potential and our outlook today in terms of investments in foundry is just the same as it was before. Obviously, considering the recent announcement from at least one foundry customer. 
Atif Malik: Great, thanks, very helpful. And then in response to James' question you mentioned the NAND, incremental NAND wafer start per month for this year you think that's 70,000 ballpark, could you also verify at the DRAM wafer start for this year are still in the 60,000 to 70,000 wafer start range? 
Martin Anstice: That's fine. It is about the same, Atif. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar : I have two quick questions. Martin, the first on is when you look at your ALD product, looks like you are getting pretty good traction but my sense is you are not developing that many layers that you compete in today. Is there a potential to grow that with the existing product or do you need additional investments to get more footprint on the ALD product side? 
Martin Anstice: I think from a hardware perspective we are in decent shape, Krish, as is the case of hardware it gets you about 25% of the --results on the wafer and the rest of it is kind of process and the material integration. And so there is always a lot of work to do in terms of precursor development and then process to get uniformity and selectivity and conformality that we are targeting as a level of yield performance that make sense for our customers and I think we are off to a great start. We are coming from behind as you know in ALD; pick a momentum of the company I would say is very positive. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments today, we are taking kind of a very focused foundation and platform of growth and we are trying to broaden the applications now, but we have got tough competition and we respect their capability as I hope just a little bit they might respect ours. 
Krish Sankar : Got it, that's very helpful. And then a question for Doug. What is your mix of onshore and offshore cash?
Doug Bettinger: We have to raise the debt, its cost kind of evenly balanced. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, sir.
Shawn: Hi, this is Shawn [ph] in for Mahesh. Thanks for taking my question. Just one quick question. Martin, DRAM spending has been very strong for the past two quarters and I think you mentioned that efficiency of the investment is betterment than anticipated. So at the beginning of the year when you initially presented the 14 to 15 bit in memory, you said that spending would drive about 30% of bit growth and then now with the improving efficiency do you think that pie in DRAM will be higher that 30% you mentioned before?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean I don't think that we have a position that is different from the industry on bit growth in any segment of the industry. We try to kind of triangulate as best we can and the high 20s and kind of 30 levels is I think where the industry is. And I think it is a very disciplined commitment by our customers. It doesn't serve anybody's interest for anybody to get ahead of this thing and you got a lot of discipline through consolidation. And capable as you know supply chain for that to continue. So I hope it does.
Operator: And our next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of follow up. Just want to clarify on the 3D NAND. You said that the dollar spending is a slightly higher than the planar NAND, and incremental capacity at is about 70, so does that mean that you still expect the NAND industry to be able to grow bit capacity by more than 30%? Or what I am missing here?
Martin Anstice: Yes. The answer is yes. 
Mehdi Hosseini: So more than half of the CapEx for NAND 3D and so when we look into next year as maybe some of our customers are start to reuse the NAND, should we assume some sort of a slight decline in capital intensity or do you think this kind of capital intensity is sustainable for multi year? 
Martin Anstice: Well, I think we are not a very representative competitive to answer that question because our participation in this inflection is a deposition and etch participation, that's a very kind of powerful place to be. But we don't really to get applying on capital intensity for the industry. I don't think there is another company in the equipment industry; they are doing much better job than us doing that. But I would say we are very invested in the opinion that our customers are focused on sustainability of investments and they are going to do at least as much as you might want them to do in terms of conversions to make it efficient and sustainable. So what is that mean for us? I think it means we are in the right place at the right time with the right products and if we execute we can continue to strength together some outperformance. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And then on image sensor, are these new customers or existing customers that have -- that are following new projects? 
Martin Anstice: Existing customers. 
Operator: And our next question is from Edwin Mok with Needham and Company.
Edwin Mok: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So on your comment about DRAM, spending more dollars on conversion for this year. Is that driving, is it a way you can break it down? Is it driving more incremental etch with deposition business for you guys?
Martin Anstice: Yes is the answer to that. But I think that's just kind of headline on the intensity of etch from a conversion point of view. It is a very favorable transition for us. And it is a commentary on the patenting transition in etch and deposition both. So we believe that the total wafer fabrication equipment investment in DRAM is a slightly higher than we thought, we believe it is more efficient to my earlier point and we believe it should stay for the second of deposition and etch. 
Edwin Mok: Okay, all right, that's helpful. And then on 3D NAND, I am curious, have you started to see shipment, or are you expect to start seeing shipment in the June quarter? And then sorry, a slide on an earlier question, in your ALD product that you talked about, is that tied to the 3D NAND investment, or is it all the inflections that you mentioned?
Martin Anstice: Let's try and answer the first part of your question. If your first part of question is 3D shipments, are they happening now or I mean they have been happening on a continuing basis. I mean there is always someone somewhere buying something for a 3D NAND application. So sometimes that's an addition to HVM capability sometimes that's a first phase pilot, sometimes it is second phase. I mean this four guys have different timing and different commitments to investment, but I think everybody is there as an industry. We have two more guys we are going to try and get to hear. So can we get to next question please? 
Operator: Our next question is from Sundeep Bajikar from Jefferies.
Sundeep Bajikar: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just one on the foundry side. If you would just give us an update on the total amount of 20 nanometer, 16 and 14 capacities that you are now expecting to see exiting 2015. Are you seeing a bigger sift towards 14 and 16 rather than 20? Also if possible share with us how you are thinking about the progression of this capacity into 2016. Thanks.
Martin Anstice: Well, as I said before at least in the dialogues that we have for the customers we are not really distinguishing too much between 20, 16 and 14. I mean there is a huge amount of kind of overlap in terms of equipment. The basic message today we think is the one that was communicated to you publicly in the last couple of weeks that there is commitments to technology conversions and a little bit less today at the 14, 16 kind of node for the year from an industry perspective than was originally anticipated. But I think that the basic commitment to FinFET conversion first wave and then the pilot investment in 10 nanometer are there. So that would be my comments on foundry. And we are assuming by the end of this year that the capacity that has been shipped in at or less than 20 nanometer is in the range of 200,000 to 210,000 wafer stocks per month.
Operator: And our next question is from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. First, a quick clarification. Did you say you had won 90% of the 3D NAND critical etch and deposition steps?
Martin Anstice: Yes. Which is disclosure by the way we made at SEMICON west a year ago. So I was really just kind of repeating that based on our assessment of critical and non-critical applications in that segments, we think the 90% headline that we communicated in SEMICON west is valid today. And in fact as I said in my prepared comments we had a nice kind of reinforcement of that in a selection this quarter. 
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then critical makes up what percent of the overall etch and dep for the 3D NAND?
Martin Anstice: We don't actually make that disclosure. 
Tom Diffely: Okay. Then finally when we look at the competitive front, are you seeing any increased presence with local vendors in places like in Korea and Taiwan?
Martin Anstice: No. I would say it is very kind of constant competitive threat and I don't think it is anything new. The reason by the way I said we don't disclose it is because the value of the critical position is much less to do with the percentage of the business. And it is a reasonable percentage; otherwise I wouldn't bother telling you. The value proposition of the critical win is you create cycles of learning for your company that your competition does not have. And if you do that long enough then your ability to be successful broadly in a market place is greater than their. So it is -- value is not the percentage, the value is the learning and the critical feature and capability that we developed broadly in the market place. 
Audrey Charles : All right. That concludes our call for today. Thank you very much for joining. And a replay will be available on the website.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Audrey Charles - IR Martin Anstice - President and CEO Doug Bettinger - EVP and CFO
Analysts: C. J. Muse - ISI Group James Covello - Goldman Sachs Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Stephen Chin - UBS Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Sundeep Bajikar - Jefferies Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Heller - CLSA Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group Atif Malik - Citigroup Bill Peterson - JP Morgan
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2014 Conference Call. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Audrey Charles, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Audrey Charles: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the December 2014 quarter and our outlook for the March 2015 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes, including our outlook. A more comprehensive list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide deck accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosure in our public filings, including our 10-K and 10-Q. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific Time and as always we ask that you limit questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that Ill hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Audrey. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Well start by speaking to our December quarter results, supplemented by a review of calendar 2014 millstones with comments on their relevance to the future growth and opportunities for the company. We will then segue to provide an update to our outlook for wafer fab equipment spending in 2015. Then more specific to Lam as we enter a New Year that marks the 35th anniversary of the company we want to take this opportunity to outline our focus for the year and provide some context for the multi-year out performance potential that exists as a result of the companys vision and execution. I will then hand the call over to Doug for a review of our financial and operational performance. The December quarter concluded with results in line with our expectation showing strength across all metrics and reinforcing our outperformance trend for calendar 14. Within the quarter we grew our backlog by greater than 20%. Additionally, our deferred revenue balance has increased, which we expect to continue with the shipment strength anticipated in the first-half of 2015. December was the sixth consecutive quarter of greater than $1 billion in revenues and concluded a record breaking year for the company with total annual revenue reaching $4.9 billion. Our revenue growth rates we believe outperform the industry by a factor of two with profits expansion at more than twice the pace of our revenue growth. The strong December quarter marks the end of a very rewarding year for Lam that featured the delivery of record setting performance, execution on our market share gain and SAM expansion opportunities that exceeded expectations and a high level of focus on increasing innovation in everything that we do. In turn, we believe that the differentiated culture, values and management system of the company have enabled effective scaling necessary for making profitable growth sustainable. In 2014, we made meaningful progress against our market share targets, introducing new products and services to participate in the market expansion opportunities of the various technology inflections, including multi-patterning, FinFET, 3D NAND and advanced packaging. We believe we exited calendar 2014 with an inflection-based market share across the portfolio of deposition, etch and clean in excess of 50%, a double-digit increase compared with our total company pre-inflections baseline. Our strong early position, combined with our unwavering commitment to customer trust and value enhancing collaboration positions us to continue to drive our theme of outperformance over the next several years. Evidenced by our relative revenue growth these last two years and further underpinned by our March quarter 2015 guidance today we accelerated our achievements towards 2017 market share targets which call for a 4% to 8% increase in deposition market share, 3 to 5 percentage points in etch and 5 to 10 percentage points in clean. As previously shared we maintained a 90% success rate across all plans, penetrations and defenses in 2014 and as such we believe that our corporate market share has increased by 200 basis points to the 42% level in calendar year 14. At least as importantly we conclude that we increased our available market size from approximately 26.5% of WFE to 27.5% of WFE in 2014 through the successful introduction of new products. Weve always judged our ability to lead and execute predictably to be one of Lams core competitive strength. We feel that the results presented today again are evidence of very strong execution but even more noteworthy perhaps a demonstration of execution capability through a period when we are scaling the company real time, preparing for an even more exciting future. For example last year we expanded our investments in fundamental research and C&F activities. We added a significant number of resources in the factory and in the field; we ramped all manufacturing facilities to multiple shift operations, shipped a record number of systems on-time and at quality standards that are ever more critical to our customers, all while continuing innovate at perhaps the highest level in our history, delivering more than 20 new product and service offerings to our customers. Delivering value to all stakeholders was and continues to be a strong theme and we believe a highlight for 2014. We collaborated closely with our customers and suppliers on innovations, designed to meet the considerable technical and economic challenges of the industry. Notably we delivered products such as the VECTOR ALD Oxide deposition system targeted at extremely thin and uniform layers critical to advanced patterning and the Flex FX dielectric etch system necessary for critical high aspect ratio etch. Both products are experiencing unprecedented momentum in the marketplace. For example our VECTOR ALD Oxide system output likely comes close to tripling in calendar 2005 year-over-year, driven primarily by patterning-related application wins. We augmented our strong earnings performance with the establishment of a $1 billion capital return program, which included the institution of our first ever quarterly dividend program. Were on track relative to our financial model and are very pleased to note that in recognition of this strong financial performance we were recently added to the NASDAQ 100 Index. WFE investment for 2014 was largely in line with the views we expressed through the year. We estimate spending by our customers in 2014 WFE was approximately $32 billion. As we enter 2015 we maintain our outlook of a growth year for WFE investments. The predicted trends in semiconductor consumption, including demand of the leading edge and the publicly stated plans of our customers we believe support this growth outlook, but as is customary I would add that this is predicated on a positive macro environment and healthy industry fundamentals. Our initial 2015 market outlook is as follows for the key segments starting first with memory. In the DRAM segments we see continued strength in demand and a supply constrained market entering the year. Strong market demand continues to be driven by mobile and enterprise DRAM growth, pricing remains stable. This year we see DRAM investments to be focused primarily on conversions to 20-nanometer. Projections are for DRAM bit growth of approximately 30% this year. In the NAND space we believe there will remain a healthy balance in overall supply and demand. NAND ASPs as you are aware declined somewhat over the last quarter but is generally expected to stabilize over the course of the year, reinforcements of continued spending discipline across the industry. We anticipate that NAND WFE investment will include planar conversions and 3D NAND capacity additions in 2015 with the 3D investment being more second half weighted and for the first time the spending level more or less equal to the planar capacity components. Our outlook for 2015 NAND supply bit growth remains in the high 30's. Overall we're projecting 2015 memory WFE spending in the range of $14 billion to $15 billion. Now turning to the Foundry segment; investments in 2015 will be focused on FinFET enablements at a number of customers and some 28 nanometer capacity additions, responding to increased demand for these devices. Our current view of foundry investment is that it will be up slightly from the healthy spending levels we saw in 2014 and again reasonably distributed across customers with consistency compared to fabless company stated growth forecasts. We expect logic spending of $6 billion to $7 billion, more or less flat with 2014, reflecting a balanced and some slightly positive news on PC volumes and a sustained commitment to technology conversions with optimized reuse of the installed base by the customers. Overall, we are modeling 2015 WFE in the range of $34 billion plus or minus $2 billion for the year. At this point our visibility for the strong first half is better than the second as you might imagine and we believe the scenario of a relatively balanced first half and second half is not unreasonable. Of course we will know more as the year progresses and update you as appropriate. Now turning to our goals and objectives for the business; execution and in turn sustaining outperformance remain the guiding principles for Lam in the New Year. We managed the company with a strong focus on the fundamental drivers of profitable growth, value enhancing products and services, scale and operating effectiveness. In that regard our 2015 focus is clear; differentiate on customer trust and customer experience; execute on the opportunities already won to make sustainable platform of growth; gain market share with a focus on atomic level control in deposition and etch processes; prioritize employee organization and business systems development to enable efficient scaling; and deliver profitability requires to fund growth. Putting the $2 billion market expansion opportunity, we described previously in context, LAM's standalone etch and clean product portfolio competed for 19% of WFE. Subsequent to the addition of the deposition portfolio we competed for 25% of WFE at the date of the Lam- Novellus merger closing. On the three year anniversary of announcing that deal we have a product portfolio that will compete for approximately 28.5% of WFE in 2015 and we believe by 2017 greater than 30%. The significant market expansion, combined with accelerated market share gains in applications critical to the inflections demonstrate what we consider very good progress with exciting upside. Before handing the call to Doug I would like to express my genuine appreciation for the recognition Lam has received for our hard work and achievements over the last year. Lam was recognized for its leadership and collaboration by multiple stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, investors, industry analysts and peers. This recognition serves as a powerful affirmation and acknowledgements for the 6,900 Lam employees who unite around the objectives of the organization to make all of this possible. On behalf of the entire Lam team I would like to express our appreciation for the support and opportunity given us in 2014. We look forward to sharing our performance against our goals and opportunities with you again this year. Doug?
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Martin. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. As Martin mentioned in his opening comments calendar 14 was a year of fundamental outperformance for Lam Research. The focus on market share gains and product positioning to take advantage of SAM expansion, combined with strong execution I think was clearly demonstrated in our financial results. We delivered record levels of shipments and revenue. We grew revenue at more than double the rate of WFE growth and we grew operating income at more than double the rate of that revenue growth. We generated $942 million in operating income for the year, which represented nearly 20% of revenue and we returned approximately $486 million to our shareholders through the initiation of our first dividend and our continued share repurchases. Specific to the December quarter shipments, revenue and gross margin were in-line with the midpoint of our guidance and earnings per share were at the high end of our range. In the December quarter shipments came in at $1.247 billion, which was up 12% sequentially. The combined memory segment made up 53% of total system shipments and this was up from 44% in the prior quarter. DRAM shipments were strong and contributed 43% of system shipments, which was up from 18% in the prior quarter. DRAM investments continue to be heavily focused at the 20 nanometer node. NAND represented 10% of shipments and this was down from 26% during the September quarter. The Foundry segment remained steady in the December quarter, accounting for 32% of system shipments versus 45% in the September quarter. Foundry shipments were relatively broad based with investment for sub 20 nanometer FinFET being completed by 28 nanometer outlays. The Logic segment grew and made up 15% of system shipments, and this was up from 11% in the prior period. We delivered $1.232 billion in revenue in the December quarter. Revenue increased 7% from the prior quarter, marking the sixth consecutive quarter with revenue above the $1 billion mark. Gross margin for the period came in at 45.4%, essentially at the midpoint of our guidance and pretty consistent with our near-term financial model. And as I previously mentioned you should expect some quarter-to-quarter variability in gross margin due to a number of factors such as product mix and customer concentration. I think our financial model remains the best way to think about our ongoing financial performance. Operating expenses increased to $330 million but actually decreased as a percent of revenue compared to the September quarter. SG&A was flattish while R&D spending for items such as engineering program and associated materials for our next generation products increased. We continue to make the strategic investment necessary to successfully position the company for sustainable growth and will adjust our plans based on our ongoing assessment of these opportunities. Operating income in the December quarter was $230 million with operating margin of 18.7%, which was 30 basis points below the midpoint of our guidance. The tax rate for the quarter came in at 9%, and that compares to 18% last quarter. The December tax rate benefited from the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit in the United States as well as a more favorable jurisdictional mix of income. A tax rate in the middle teens would be reasonable for you to include in your forward-looking models. Based on a share count of 174 shares earnings per share for the quarter were $1.19, and this was at the high end of our guidance primarily due to that favorable tax rate. I would like to remind you that the share count includes dilution from all three of our convertible notes at this point. The net dilutive impact is 12 million shares on a non-GAAP basis. With the first of our convertible notes maturing in 2016 and given the current favorable interest rate environment we will be evaluating our alternatives to refinance this note. Dilution schedules for the 2016, 2018 and 2041 converts are available on our Investor Relations website for your reference In the December quarter we spent about $46 million and took delivery of approximately 590,000 shares at an average price of roughly $77. We also took delivery of 278,000 shares from the accelerated share repurchase that we executed during September quarter. And we made pretty good progress on the $850 million share repurchase authorization that we announced in April 2014 with greater than 40% of it completed during the first eight months. And finally we've returned $0.18 per share in dividend distributions to our shareholders. Let me switch gears now and move to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and short term investments, including our restricted cash of $3 billion which was about flat compared to the September quarter. Cash generation was partly offset by those capital return programs as well as capital expenditures. Cash from operations was $161 million, which was up from $141 million in the September quarter. With the increase in shipments account receivables and day sales outstanding grew slightly. We also saw growth in inventory to support the levels of shipments expected in the next couple of quarters, and I just mentioned that I expect the linearity of the March quarter to be even a little bit more back end loaded, and therefore expect to see a little bit of lengthening in accounts receivables and DSO. We exited the quarter with deferred revenue of $374 million and this excludes $53 million in shipments to customers in Japan which will revenue in future quarters. These Japanese shipments remain as inventory on our balance sheet. Company non-cash expenses include $31 million for equity comp, $40 million for amortization and $30 million for depreciation. We incurred $61 million for capital expenditures in the quarter. CapEx was up in the quarter as we increased our investments in lab and new product development capability. We exited the quarter with approximately 6,900 regular full-time employees. This growth of roughly 300 employees comes from supporting new customer sites, higher manufacturing volumes as well as increases in new product group development activities. So now looking ahead I'd like to provide our non-GAAP guidance for the March quarter. We're expecting shipments of $1.450 billion plus or minus $50 million. We're expecting revenue of $1.370 billion plus or minus $50 million. We're expecting gross margin of 44%, plus or minus one percentage point. Were forecasting operating margins of 19% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally we forecast earnings per share of $1.30 plus or minus $0.07 based on a share count of approximately 174 million shares. And Ill just remind you that as we mentioned during the September quarter call, the March quarter is impacted by both a mix towards more new tools, that haven't fully moved on the cost curve yet as well as a heavier customer concentration. These items are contributing to the lower gross margin percentage. I expect this to continue to and extend in the June quarter but I anticipate improvement in the gross margin percentage in the second half of the year. The right way to think about our financial performance over the medium and longer-term remains our published financial models. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And at this time we'll take the question from C. J. Muse, Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
C. J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess first question, was hoping to get some clarity from you on directionality, I guess the shipments just going into Q2 and the second half. Last quarter you talked about an uplift a quarter out, curious if you could provide some color on that front and what the key moving parts are and assumptions?
Martin Anstice: I guess the answer to that question is once bitten twice shy. I think one reason I did share perspective today CJ around kind of backlog is I think it should kind of tell you something about the trajectory of the company and the industry spending kind of out, that we have but I am going to kind of avoid a level of specificity at this point in time for the June quarter. I do think and I think I mentioned in this in my prepared comments that the outlook for the first half is reasonably clear to us and pretty strong and there is still a lots of months left in the year for us to get really specific about the second-half. But I dont think its unreasonable seeing we havent a short reasonable [ph] balance this year.
C. J. Muse: Okay, and I guess as a quick follow-up, Doug can - you talked a little bit about the up lift in OpEx, came in a little bit higher in the December quarter and then relative to the guide you know roughly $8 million to $10 million higher as well. So just curious are these one-off programs associated with specific customers or is this a slightly new trend line that we should be thinking about going forward?
Doug Bettinger: No, I mean the right way to think about, kind of our levels of spending are what we perceived to be our sustainable level of profitability. Yeah, we were a little bit below that operating income but I dont think 30 basis points is too much. We are ramping up some of our R&D activity as I kind of indicated in my prepared remarks which is part of what you are seeing go on in the March quarter. But the right way to think about how we intend to spend money will be to be roughly consistent with financial models that we put out. And right now we do have a little bit of gross margin headwind that I described but the spending level is still pretty well within those models.
Martin Anstice: I think as just to add, I think Dougs prepared comments that kind of describes the addition of headcount, also need to be put in context. And so I dont spend a huge amount of time talking about this because I think across the industry its not a very easily comparable benchmark but for the company a revenue per employee trajectory is not an unreasonable reference for you to be thinking about. And in fact through the December quarter and the March guidance that we have given today, the revenue per employee is getting better not worse. So I mean I think the context for spending more money is the growth of the company is pretty significant and our focus as a leadership team is making sure we are effective doing that, before we start worrying about efficiency, which doesnt mean we dont try to do both. But the customer trust exposure for getting a ramp wrong is not a risk we are biased to take - we are biased to get this effective so that we can kind of really, really kind of deliver sustainability for the story that we are telling here today.
C. J. Muse: Very helpful, thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, CJ.
Operator: At this time we will take a question from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
James Covello: Great, good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congratulations on the good results. Obviously you guys dont talk about orders on the call but the shipments going up quite a bit would suggest order activity overall is healthy over the last couple of quarters. Can you talk about any pushes or pulls in order activity overall, obviously your guidance for shipments is a little bit stronger. Is there any movement within that one way or other in the various sub-segments?
Martin Anstice: Thanks Jim for your comments at the beginning. I dont think that this anything new for us to communicate. I think the industry generally saw a little bit of a push on some foundry investments, saw a little bit of a pull on some DRAM investments and the rest of the industry more or less kind of played out in the way we had expected. I do think it is a little bit more concentrated shipment number for us from a customer perspective then even we were anticipating in the October timeframe relative to March 15. But I think those messages are messages that are well communicated right now by the rest of the industry.
James Covello: Thats very helpful. And I mean I guess its always hard to distil the industry down, there a couple of things alone that we should be looking for, but is it fair to say that your memory margins are probably going to dictate, if we do get that balanced half on half, if memory margins stay high we would expect continued investments in that segment but if there was any deterioration there we would run the risk that the back half is a little softer. Is that one key thing that you would be looking at?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I think sustained discipline is something we continue to see, is something we continue to hear from the customers and its something we continue to expect. But I think kind of history tells us if this gets ahead of itself in a significant way then there is always, at a minimum some kind of pause. Where, we dont expect that, we expect continued discipline in every segment of the industry and we kind of come into the year pretty tight almost everywhere. And from, as best I can tell, the inventory levels and the industry commentary are, from our customers on inventory kind of supports continued discipline that I think at some level is a byproduct of a consolidated industry.
James Covello: Very helpful. Thanks a lot and good luck.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And at this time will take a question from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Martin, first in terms of overall memory spending in the year, do you see it biased first half versus second half in terms of DRAM, maybe potential be more first half weighted while you see DRAM flash more second half weighted or do you see kind of a balanced spending across both segments throughout the year?
Martin Anstice: So I kind of have two answers to your question. One of them is kind of from the bottoms up forecasting and planning, which is always a little bit limited, when you start kind of focusing on something six months from now and nine months from now but our bottoms up analytics would tend to support what you just described, which is a slightly stronger first half for DRAM and a slightly stronger second half for NAND. But frankly when is all is said and done here I think we're likely to see a little bit of strengthening in the second half but time will tell, that may play out, it may not play out but the basic premise that you just described. And I guess the only other thing I'd supplement with is perhaps compared to the commentary from the company three months ago, where we articulated we expected planar spending in NAND flash to exceed 3D. We're kind of making the statement today that as best we can tell it looks more likely to be equal and the planar investment in NAND flash is biased the first half and the 3D investments in NAND flash is biased the second half.
Patrick Ho: Great, that's really helpful. Maybe and my follow-up question, more for you Doug in terms of just kind of OpEx levels and how we look at the longer term business model. One of the areas you talked about at your Analyst Day was building out your installed base business and the services front. With IOT kind of gaining momentum a lot more verbiage out there, how do you see, I guess your growth in terms of that business segment and in terms of the OpEx that maybe needed to support the growth over the next few years.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, you may remember Patrick we talked about or I tried to talk about our objective with the installed base business is to grow at faster than the new equipment market, right. So there was a graph where I showed that. Consistent with that we are growing a little bit of spending in that business group this year over and above what was there last year to go try and take advantage of those opportunities. So that is part of the investments when I talk about opportunities that are out there. We do believe we see opportunities to generate returns and the spending is up there a little bit.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Patrick.
Operator: At this time we'll take the question from Timothy Arcuri from Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, guys, thanks. I jumped on here a little bit late, but my first question is around the inventory. Doug if I look at, just look at days, days are up to like 125 and I am wondering if that portends some view on June. I know you don't want to say too much about June, but I am wondering if that portends some view that maybe June shipments are going to be up?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, I am not going to give you kind of what June looks like. I did describe purposely in my prepared remarks that we expect shipments to be strong in the next couple quarter, without giving you a direction from March to June. And we've built inventory in anticipation of that. So you should expect that those inventory levels come down in the back half of the year likely, but expect us to update that on a quarter-by-quarter basis, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, and then I just had two more quick ones. First of all Doug, just can you give us some sense of what you think the mix will be for shipments in March and then I wanted to know also, if all things equal, so let's just say shipments were flat in June, I just wanted to try to isolate the customer concentration issue that's bringing down margins in June. Would margins come right back up to the model in March, would margins come right back up to the model in June, absent this customer concentration issue. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, so I think directionally in the March quarter, memory shipments are going to be up as a percent, logic is probably flattish, maybe down a little bit and I think foundry will be down a little bit, when you put all that together and by the way those are system shipments. I kind of indicated, I think the customer concentration piece continues into the June quarter a little bit and then my expectation is in the back half of the year the gross margins move backup from where they are. Its hard to call things move around Tim, as you know in this business. But as we sit here today I think we are going to continue to see some concentration in June, might be a little bit less than it is in March but this stuff moves around quite a bit.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Tim.
Operator: At this time we will take a question from a Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin: Thanks, hi Martin and Doug, nice results last year too. I had a follow-up question on the 3D NAND spend in the second half of the year. Just curious if you think the spend on 3D NAND in the second half will be mostly driven by one customer, or you think its equally spread across the customer base? Its been a long time since we have seen any meaningful 3D shipments too, I guess or starting [ph] customers, just curious on the diversity you are looking at?
Martin Anstice: I would say there is clearly an expectation that one of the customers, well publicized is kind of in the lead from kind of an investment timing perspective. But we expect this year to have kind of a diverse spending and anticipate all four NAND flash memory companies participating in a meaningful way. So I expect the spending to be more distributed in 15 than it was in 14 and just to kind of give you a little bit of a number on capacity we expect to be shipped in. So I think in the last call I mentioned that we were thinking that we ended the calendar 14 year with approximately 60,000 wafer start, 65,000 wafer start, of shipped-in capacity 3D NAND. And as best we can tell that more or less kind of played out as anticipated and we think by the end of 15 that 130,000 wafer starts plus or minus 10 is not a bad kind of reference point to have.
Stephen Chin: Okay, thanks for sharing those numbers. So it sounds like if Lam were to outgrow WFE again this year, it sounds like 3D NAND spend in the industry is strong in the second half of the year. Thats probably one of the main ways that you outgrow the industry this year, does that - seems like thats one of the messages?
Martin Anstice: Well from an inflection point of view the 3D NAND inflection is not insignificant, as weve talked about before and from a timing point of view it plays a pretty meaningful role in the year-over-year comparison. But thats also true by the way for the multi-patterning transition as well. I would say the only inflection that doesnt kind of really get traction of substance to have kind of a material impact on the kind of outperforming characteristics of the company is advanced packaging, which isnt to say there isnt a positive story, because I actually think that the advanced packaging revenues of the company have [indiscernible] kind of doubling year-over-year but the scale of that compared to multi-patterning and then the 3D NAND transition is kind of obviously very different and meaningfully lower. So yeah, I think our performance is a commentary on the 3D NAND and FinFET and multi-patterning transitions in DRAM and logic both, and it is a commentary on market share momentum in the company which we are, I think accelerated, it doesnt feel like its slowing or stagnating, it feels to me like the market share momentum is actually accelerating. This is kind of something well work very hard to sustain.
Stephen Chin: Thanks, Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: At this we will take a question from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg: Hi, just wanted to follow-up on the last comment related to DRAM multi-patterning as being one of the drivers. Wondering as the industry works through the 20-nanometer conversions and add the additional etch tools for multi-patterning, is there some risk to etch intensity for DRAM in the following years as they kind of - as maybe the incremental etch opportunity slows down given that they would have more etch tools for use?
Martin Anstice: I think the reality is that even after the investment that weve described in calendar 15 and our best estimate is approximately 400, maybe 400 to 440 or 410 to 430, hard to be specific at this point, is the kind of 1,000 wafer start conversion, approximately of the industry. There is much more than that at the end of calendar 15, still in need of conversion to the 20 nanometer technology node. So to the extent there is a risk in the form that you are describing it I don't think it shows up in calendar '16. It has the shortest showing up in calendar '17 but a lot is going to change between now and '17 relative to the roadmap of DRAM. So it's not something that's a particularly prominent kind a risk factor for us in the scheme of things.
Weston Twigg: Okay so in other words the same drivers that you see today, the 3-D NAND, FinFET, the DRAM multi-patterning, you expect those to be pretty consistently strong over the next two years?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean I think the context to one of the earlier questions is the discipline and the balance, the supply and demand balance, but we had a number of years to demonstrate the performance on that. So I think we're getting to a point where trusting that is the legitimate assumption it is much more balanced.
Weston Twigg: Great. Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: At this time we'll take a question from Sundeep Bajikar with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sundeep Bajikar: Hi guys thanks for taking my question. First just following up your comments on heavier mix of new tools expected in the first half, can you say which end market these new tools are targeting?
Doug Bettinger: Martin referred to 20 new tool introduction last year, I mean it's that. So it's obviously broad based. If I had to give you a little bit of color it's probably more biased towards our deposition product group then it is the etch product group in terms of new tools that are coming out, given some of these inflections that are happening there is a little bit more going on there.
Sundeep Bajikar: Okay great. And then a quick follow-up on foundry. Are you continuing to see activity in the 14 nanometer node, and how much 14 nanometer capacity do you expect to see exiting the year?
Martin Anstice: So the answer to the first part of that is yes. And I said before we are not kind of distinguishing the 14, 16 capacity additions from the 20 because there are so much of an overlap of the equipment portfolio, 90% to 95% of the equipment is kind of in a track [ph] from the last planar node to the first FinFET node anyway. So our assumption is that we exit 2015 with somewhere between 200,000 and 220,000 wafer starts of combined capacity 2016 and '14.
Sundeep Bajikar: Thank you so much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Sundeep.
Operator: And at this time we'll go to Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar: Yeah, hi thanks for taking my question. And thanks for the color on the SAM and share gains that you guys highlighted for last year. Two quick questions, first one, Martin in the past youve spoken about a third of the WFE spending this year might be for tech inflection. Curious if that is still the view or do you think that would change given the challenges people are having at FinFET and 3D NAND? I also have had follow-up after that.
Martin Anstice: No, I don't think there is a fundamental challenge. Instead of maybe 33, maybe we end up saying its 31 or something like that, or 32 is the byproduct of the 3D NAND kind of assumption set, kind of delaying from '14 to '15 a little. But the fundamental message, I think is exactly same today as it was before and the kind of end gains to the extent we are describing one of calendar '17, the 50% kind of spending proportion on the inflection is still the assumption we're running with.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's very helpful. And then a quick question for Doug. What is your mix of on-shore versus offshore tax and what do you think is the right amount of cash to run the business? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Krish, it's somewhere between 20% to 25% onshore, as we sit here today and obviously then 75% to 80% offshore. And as always we're thinking through how to fund that $1 billion capital return program and I previously said we can fund that with the cash that we have in that program. I think it's a pretty significant program in terms of returning cash. And once we get through the current authorization you will hear us talk about what are our plans as we go forward. So pretty comfortable with the level of cash. It's been pretty flat in gross terms over the last couple of quarters and that's because we've been returning cash to shareholders.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, thanks Krish.
Operator: And at this time we'll take a question from Mark Heller with CLSA Equity Research.
Mark Heller: Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on the strong results. Martin I was just wondering if you could update us on the DRAM, the outlook for the DRAM sector in terms of new capacity additions this year. I think previously you were talking about maybe 50,000 to 60,000 starts. I am just wondering if thats still the case for this year.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I think maybe we would probably say more 60 than 50, but I think a number of customer have said most recently as well that addition frankly does not do more than keep the available output kind of constant because in the technology transitions from the 3x range to the mid-20 and to 20 there is kind of loss per kind of square foot of clean room in terms of output. So the assumptions that we are making is the investments of 60,000 wafer stocks or so is maybe its a little higher, maybe its 60-70, that range but its not a 100,000 wafer stocks of additional or anything like that. It essentially kind of keeps the output potential constant year-over-year.
Mark Heller: Got it. And then it looks like the shipments to Korea picked-up quite a bit during the quarter. I am just wondering if thats more weighted to foundry or memory spending. Thanks.
Martin Anstice: In the interest of not being specific to any one customer we are going to kind of elect not to answer that question directly please.
Mark Heller: Thanks.
Martin Anstice: But Mark you can just listen to what I said in my prepared remarks and kind of get some level of indication from there.
Operator: At this time we will take a question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. So a question on the foundry. I think I know you talked about visibility in the first half is good. Hows your visibility in the second-half? And if a customer decides to go with FinFET this fall do you think there is enough capacity to handle that right now or do you think more equipment needs to be ordered from here?
Martin Anstice: Well, thats a little hard to answer without kind of getting into a lot of details in terms of a demand statement for those devices. I guess the headline for us is we kind of trust the substance of communication from the customer. I think everybody is saying that in the interest of keeping everything in balance and so what we are communicating is our best understanding of their investment plans, which as I said its in the kind of 200,000 to 220,000 wafer starts installed capacity by the end of this calendar year for 2016 and 14 combined. So. If the customer is underestimating the demand for that device then I think there will need to be more investment. It doesnt show to me like there is risk, that they are over investing it. I think its pretty reasonable commentary on outlook as best we can tell.
Sidney Ho: Okay, and a follow-up, maybe this one is for Doug, you talked about the customer concentration in Q1. Does it happen every Q1, is that - it just happened that the stars are aligned this quarter, or you think its a byproduct of a more concentrated customer base?
Martin Anstice: I dont know if there is seasonable profile to it per se, Sidney. I mean this is more concentrated then I can recall seeing it in the two years I have been with the company. So I think this is over and above where you would normally expect it to be.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks, Sidney.
Operator: At this time we will take a question from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for letting me ask a question and congrats on a great quarter. Martin, one question on the 2015 WFE, at the last quarter earnings call you had indicated WFE to be up 5% to 10%. Now it seems you are indicating it up flat to up 13%. Just wanted to understand why you are broadening the range? What are some of the factors that have kind of increased the variability in 2015?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I dont know that I kind of read too much into it. I mean I think kind of our headline is the outlook that we described in percentages three months ago is not so far away from the outlook we are describing for dollars. And its kind of pretty customary for the company to start the year with a plus or minus $2 billion and its kind of out in the middle of the year now in that range to plus or minus a $ 1 billion. So weve just kind of done our best to translate the outlook of three months into a customary form of guidance I think what has changed is from the kind of public disclosure of the customer, some kind of foundry spending expansion and kind of DRAM more less the way it was and commentary from the micro-processor space of the importance of reusing their overall strategies. But the 34 plus or minus two is just a commentary on were at the beginning of the year and lots can change and we are doing our best to tell you what we think the range is.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it, thank you. And then one question on NAND. You mentioned the spending on the planar versus PD should be about balanced this year. I wanted to ask about the planar spending this year. How much of the capacity do you think will go through a planar node transition this year?
Martin Anstice: Again, I've come to appreciate that, that level of specificity gets a little bit close to the sensitive disclosure of the customers, given there are only so many. So if you may allow me I'm going to kind of defer that question to our customers.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you. That's all I have.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: At this time we'll take a question from Edwin Mok with Needham & Company [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats for a great quarter. So first on the SAM expansion commentary, Martin you had - that you believed your SAM would expand about 30% of WFE by 2018. I guess two parts question, first is how much are you baking in, help [ph] greenfield 3D NAND investment versus converting excess planar to 3D? And the second part to it is does that factor in some kind of adoption of EUV?
Martin Anstice: Well, first of all we said 2017, not '18 relative to last part of your question, EUV we don't believe has any relevance of substance in 2017 timeframe by virtue of the stated plans of the customer not to have an EUV kind of adoption until kind of the 7 nanometer technology node at the earliest. And I think we kind of gave you some color on that the last quarter. Relative to 30% as being a legitimate target for our company, from a proportion of WFE, that's available to us, there of course is some assumption associated with how the customer builds 3D NAND capacity, but we are not assuming a very grand, I would say conversion of kind of the planar installed base that sits at more than a million wafer starts from their capacity today. So and I think there is a lot of learning still in the industry to kind of know quite what 3D devices get targeted to in terms of end markets and how fast that conversion will play out. But we haven't kind of - we haven't assumed a grand conversion of the installed base. We're trying to estimate as best as we can an efficient way for the customer to establish that capacity. So we tend to bias a conversion assumption rather than an addition assumption for the industry generally, but as you know every customer is slightly different relative to answering that question and there are some that are very focused on addition, and there are others that are very focused on conversion.
Unidentified Analyst: Great that's very helpful. And then just quickly touch on the clean side, you guys have a new product, just any kind of update on how that's coming along. And as that product assuming that's still later year part of this year which I think was your target right, where do we expect first initial adoption, is it foundry DRAM or NAND?
Martin Anstice: So, frankly three months is a really short term period of time in the context of kind of new products and new markets. And I dont have so much more to say than I did - today than I did in October and maybe the one exception is for the kind of new product, the ES [ph] product we have had kind of repeat order of the penetrations that we made for one customer which is, I think, a meaningful statement of validation, but it isnt everything we need and so what we need is kind of an industry, to kind of make that choice as well as a couple of customers and this is the year where I think the decisions of the customers will define the legitimacy of this strategy and plans of the company. I think the company has done a really good job in delivering the productivity differentiation and getting us process capability for a front end of line clean growth opportunity. But just because the company does, it doesn't mean the customers are going to be invested in that selection of that adoption and we're doing our best and as you said this is the year that it kind of really plays out one way or the other.
Audrey Charles: Okay, operator we have time for two more questions today.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Thank you very much. I had a question on the foundry commentary you made that spending is up flat to up slightly. TSMC guided for 20% increase in CapEx. So I'm assuming other customers are probably reducing the spending. Can you talk about where the cut is coming from, is that other customers, is it in the FinFET area or theyre reducing the investment in mature technologies?
Martin Anstice: I dont know that I can easily answer that question. I mean we are assuming that all of the foundry customers are making investments in this calendar year and were assuming that at least two-thirds of the wafer starts in the industry are getting added at the 14, 16-nanometer technology node. And as youve heard from two of those customers I think the 28-nanometer demand is not insignificant. So thats kind of in the mix as well.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay, so my follow-up I just want to revisit the financial model you presented at Analyst Day mostly in terms of revenues at $32 billion, you were targeting 5.1. I think that was probably towards the end of 2015 and I dont think we have the right number - we dont have the precise number for 34. So according to that model where will you be at $34 billion revenue?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Mahesh I am not going to give you a new model, as I sit here right now but I will give you a little color around it. The one thing to think about is there is a level of WFE context in the model. There is also a time component to the model right, because there is a maturation of some of these new tools that are coming out. Both of those items are very important to the attainment of the financial model and if you recall we kind of showed a $5.6 billion, 16-17 model that got a percentage point better than the 14-15 model and we are probably somewhere in between each of that once we get through some of these tool maturations but we need the time to get through those.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Mahesh.
Operator: Our final question will be from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for squeezing me. Martin, going back to your DRAM bit commentary, what are the key assumptions for that 30% bit growth and I say that because earlier this morning Hynix talked about 25%. I think Micron is also talking about 25% bit growth. So I am just trying to better understand the underlying assumption in your view? And I have a follow-up.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean the assumption is when we kind of add up the collective disclosure from customers and kind of whats available to us kind of, from being kind of inside of the industry and participating kind of real time, thats the best assumption we can give you.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, and then for the purpose of modeling, Doug how should I think about working capital requirement, how does the inventory changes from the December into the March quarter?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, just the fact that the denominator goes up even if inventory is flattish, which it probably is going to be. You will have inventory turns and days come down. Directionally inventory is going to trend down, I think as we go through the year, as weve built into this level of shipments. So a little bit of color for you to think about as you model it.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, thank you.
Audrey Charles: Operator, I think actually we have time for a couple more.
Operator: Okay, thank you. At this time well move to Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question. On the $34 billion WFE outlook, Martin can you talk about the swing factor that can take it to $36 billion or the high end of the range? Which segment can take it to that range?
Martin Anstice: Yes I guess anyone can in theory. I think the 3D NAND conversion is more likely to influence in a positive direction than anything and thats really a statement on the size of that transition and the implications of it and obviously the degree of uncertainty that exists in terms of kind of market penetration of that device at this time. So I do think kind of FinFET conversions can accelerate, if there is kind of momentum that it is in excess of stated plans in terms of going from planer to a FinFET device, but it feels to me like the upside is kind of greater in memory than foundry logic and greater in NAND than DRAM. But I guess in theory all of them can move in a positive direction.
Atif Malik: Got it. And then on the timing of EUV insertion, one of the foundries has taken a pilot production, little tools [ph] and just curious if anything has changed to your thinking in terms of different node
Martin Anstice: Yeah, nothing really. I mean were still thinking 7-nanometer as kind of the earliest and the only thing that I read in the last kind of three months kind of reinforced the complexity of the infrastructure around the EUV process itself as being kind of significant component of that question. And it didnt look like it got any easier, it looked like it got more difficult as best I could tell. Okay, Harlan you are up. Thanks Atif. Harlan you are the last guy today. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The final question will be from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Bill Peterson: Yes, hi, this is Bill Peterson calling on behalf of Harlan. Thanks for sneaking me in and congrats on a good December quarter. I want to clarify a few things relative to your commentary on logic, you mentioned about re-using. In fact to understand what will be different in logic relative to the foundries and the nature of that, some logic customers are already at FinFET and a lot of foundries are not, if you could provide some color on that, that would be very useful, thanks.
Martin Anstice: You know, I think really its kind of the age old, relative ease and I dont think its easy but in relative terms it probably is, you know with the amount of kind of die concentration that exists in the microprocessor fab compared to the distributed die and customer reality of the Foundry, the conversion cycle really kind of is a big challenge. And so I think thats kind of principle reason that there is an emerging trend of some substance to conversion in foundry but it does not compare to what is available to the microprocessor world.
Bill Peterson: So in terms of implications is that there should be more and more upgrade or what does it mean in terms of how do we think about it for implications for Lam and other equipment vendors?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I think it can be, when people do conversions, it can be upgrades from a hardware perspective and sometimes it is nothing because they find a way to make the hardware work and there is a process modification and you know with rare exception this industry doesnt get paid very much for process. It gets paid for the hardware that gets sold into a fab even though perhaps the value contributions in that is really made is the process contribution but thats a long story.
Audrey Charles: Great. All right, thank you operator. Thats all we have time for today. Thank you for your participation and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: Once again this does conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn - Investor Relations Martin Anstice - President and CEO Doug Bettinger - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch C. J. Muse - ISI Group Sundeep Bajikar - Jefferies Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Mark Heller - CLSA Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Stephen Chin - UBS Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Romit Shah - Nomura Securities
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Lam Research Corporation September 2014 Quarterly Results Conference Call. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Carol Raeburn. Please go ahead.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to the Lam Research quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call, we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the September 2014 quarter and our outlook for the December 2014 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes including our guidance. A more comprehensive list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide deck accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosure in our public filings, including our 10-K and our 10-Q. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific Time and as always we ask that you limit questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that Ill now hand the call over to Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Carol. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Ill start by commenting on our September quarter results then provide some color on our outlook for wafer fabrication equipment spending in the remainder of calendar 14 and discuss some trends that we consider relevant to 2015. Before transitioning the call to Doug, I will share some updates on Lams key initiatives that we feel essential to understanding the narrative of outperformance as a major theme for Lam in 2014 and beyond. The September quarter marked another period of strong execution for Lam. Executing on our commitments with results in line with the midpoints of our guided ranges across all metrics continued to the theme of outperformance relative to the semiconductor equipment industry with an anticipated greater than 20% year-over-year revenue growth versus an industry baseline of 10% for calendar year 14. Performance for Lam Research is ultimately measured by our ability to deliver value across the full community of stakeholders. At the customer interface, this value creation is focused on the leading edge where Lam is helping to solve the most critical, technical and economic challenges related to a set of technology inflections that will define the next several years of our industry, most importantly, multi- patterning, FinFET, 3D NAND and advanced packaging. It is also increasingly focused on the life time performance improvement opportunities for our customer fabs across many technology nodes. That priority is the essence of a focus in our installed base, spares and service business unit. As discussed at our analyst investor events in July, the technology inflections for calendar 17 provide a $2 billion market expansion opportunity for the company and a substantial portion of our growth over the medium term is defined by our ability to succeed through these device architecture and process flow transitions. We continue to believe that our market share of the technology inflections is approximately 50% across the portfolio of deposition, etch and clean products. This strong position is particularly important when considering that roughly one-third of WFE spending in calendar 15 will be focused in these areas at a time when next generation technology node conversions from memory and logic are just getting underway. Notably, by calendar 17, we expect half of WFE spending to be in these categories, hence the conviction we have regarding the opportunity for Lam to deliver a compelling growth story as the targeted market expansion occurs. Our objective is to realize this outperformance opportunity with a clear strategic vision, disciplined operational performance and thoughtful scaling of the company, positioning us to deliver profitable growth in line with the updated financial models shared earlier this year. At the same time, we continue to utilize the strong cash flow generated from our growth to reinvest and further strengthen our product and services portfolio, to strengthen our market position and make possible sustained performance around opportunities as they are created. We remain committed to create value for our shareholders through this investment and also through share repurchases and dividend ongoing. As we enter the final quarter of calendar year 14, we expect the second half to unfold largely as we had projected with customer spending relatively balanced between the first half and second half. Spending by segment is largely tracking the projections that we shared through the year with memory slightly stronger in the first half and the second half having more broad-based logic participation. The WFE spending environment continues to feature a healthy degree of discipline from customers and what is today consolidated industry, reflecting what we believe is a continued trend toward reduced cyclicality. Speaking to segment trends more specifically starting with NAND flash. We continue to see a balance in overall supply and demand for bits. The majority of investments for NANDs have been for planar conversions focused below 20 nanometer. We expect installed 3D NAND wafer starts capacity to conclude this year at approximately to 60,000 wafer starts per month level and see a focus and broad participation in 3D NANDs developments and deployments at various stages in line with customer stated plans. Our outlook for 2014 NAND supply bit growth remains in the 40% range. In DRAM, we see continued strength in investment plans from our customers with strong market demand driven largely by mobile and enterprise DRAM growth. Pricing remains stable. Investments in DRAM are primarily being made to enable the transition to the mid 2x nanometer on below nodes. These investments continue to be from our perspective very efficient, with a focus on upgrades and maximizing installed footprint capability. Projections are up for DRAM bit growth of approximately 30% this year. Overall in memory we maintain our projection for 2014 WFE at $12 billion to $13 billion. The foundry and broader logic segments have also more or less progressed in line with our expectations. The first half of the year was focused on 20 nanometer foundry investments. The second half of the year is more weighted to early FinFET purchases with a broadening of participants and some planer technology investments by a number of customers at the 28 nanometer technology node. In summary, we see the industry largely in line with expectations and maintain our outlook for calendar 14 at $32 billion plus or minus 1. As we look forward to 2015, our bias remains in favor of a growth year. While there are many factors supporting this such as publicly stated customer investment plans and nets positive macroeconomic indicators related to consumer electronic adoption trends and global GDP, it is always fair to say that much can change. While we plan to provide more detail on the anticipated 2015 WFE spending level and composition in January, we cant say today that from industry analysis customer and peer commentary to-date at WFE growth rates in the 5% to 10% would be a reasonable starting assumption. As always, the opportunity here is defined by the successive latest generation devices utilizing leading edge technology in the marketplace and also the ability of the ecosystem to supply these devices in a timeframe and price points that the market will sustain. We consider that our opportunity in calendar 15 is greater than WFE baseline due to etch and deposition markets growing faster than the average of other segments, combined with the relative strength of our product portfolio and sentiments of customer support for which we are sincerely grateful. As mentioned at the start of my prepared remarks today, we would like to take this opportunity to provide you with an update on some of the companys strategic initiatives that have supported our growth this year and will in our opinion continue to drive our future. The focus on solving customers toughest problems puts a premium on commitments to significant investments in leading edge solutions and to our customer trust and collaboration level. I mentioned earlier that our execution level so far has translated into what we estimate is a market share of approximately 50% of the inflections, planning multi-patterning FinFET 3DNAND and advanced packaging for Lam Research. With respect to overall market share, we shared with you at our SEMICON West Investor Day this year that we were performing at roughly 90% success rates for our targeted penetrations in defenses in the first half of the year. And that there were many more decisions outstanding through the end of the year. Im very pleased to report that through a busy September quarter, we have executed well and remained at that same magnitude of customer decisions in our favor. For this reason, we maintained our conviction about the opportunity to realize our targeted market share gains, short and long-term. From our standpoint, the commitments to investments in leading edge innovation will reinforce trust, leadership and cycles of differentiated learning for the company. We focus on technology leadership and productivity which assumes capability and cost are equally important to our customers. One measure of our success is the milestones we are able to achieve and weve had several of them recently. The shipments of our 4,000 deposition system from our Oregon facility, the shipment of our 2,000th VECTOR PECVD Module and our 100th 2300 Syndion Chamber shipment for Deep Silicon Etch which we announced earlier this week. The Syndion product allows for the very high aspect ratio of silicon etches essential to the production of image sensors, interposers and through-silicon vias, a market inflection just emerging. We also expect to hit another milestone by the end of this year with the shipments of our 250th Flex FX product for memory high aspect ratio application. Our Flex systems showcase why we continue to build our market share in etch, delivering innovation and achievements with our proprietary [pulsing] technology and best-in-class uniformity tuning contributing capability to sustain our delivery of differentiated results on the wafer. We are continuing to deliver the next generation of solutions that define the leading edge such as atomic layer deposition capability for applications such as spacer-based patterning schemes and atomic layer etch for high aspect ratio etch process steps. These technologies have long suffered from under adoption in the industry because of productivity concerns, but Lam is now changing that paradigm with frequency of new product releases and engagements with customers that are designed to enable continued scaling for our customers. As we move into calendar 2015, we will further emphasize by our actions the priority of staying close to our customer at a strategic and tactical level both, partnering with them on their technology introduction and ramp plans, sizing and allocating our R&D investments accordingly. We remain highly focused on delivering sustainable growth today, efficiently scaling our business, maintaining a strong cash generation profile, and managing our balance sheet to enable execution on broader strategic goals. All of these efforts as well as our capital return programs are designed to enhance value creation for all stakeholders. With the focus of the company as outlined, we think it is hard to find the better position semiconductor capital equipment company to capitalize on emerging industry trends. That is a byproduct of many years of hard work, continuity of leadership, strength of culture and values, clear strategic vision, and solid execution. We truly have one integrated and very capable team at Lam which is inspired to achieve more than ever and contribute to the success of our customers long-term. Let me conclude by thanking them all, the dedicated employees of Lam Research, without whom our performance would not be possible to achieve or sustain. With that Ill hand the call over to Doug.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Before I share the results from our September quarter, Id like to pause for a moment to recognize and thank Carol Raeburn, whos done an excellent job temporarily heading our Investor Relations team, in addition to her role as Corporate Controller. Carol will be handing over responsibility for the team to Audrey Charles, who is stepping in the Senior Director of Investor Relations. Audrey has been with Lam for over 18 years and brings to the role a broad-base of experience in both customer as well as technology management. Im pleased that she will now be applying her talent and leadership to our Investor Relations team. I think you guys will enjoy getting to know Audrey. Now on to our September quarter performance. We posted another solid quarter, delivering results at or above the midpoint of guidance for all financial metrics and extending our positive momentum heading into the second half of the calendar year. In the September quarter, shipments came in at $1,111 million, pretty much right at the midpoint of our guidance range. Relative to system shipments, systems for the foundry segment increased substantially in the September quarter accounting for 45% of system shipments and that compares to 30% in the prior quarter. As we anticipated there was a broadening out of customer spending in the foundry space for a wide range of projects across multiple technology nodes. And Id just point out that this percentage of foundry shipments is the highest percentage for us since the March 2013 quarter. The combined memory segment made up 44% of system shipments and this was down from 59% in the prior quarter. NAND shipments actually grew and represented 26% of the system shipments which was up from 20% in the June quarter. NAND spending reflected the continued focus on planar node technology conversions. DRAM shipments were down as we expected after the very strong levels we saw in the June quarter. DRAM shipments came in at 18% of system shipments and this was down from 39% in June. And finally, logic shipments held steady at 11% of system shipments. September quarter revenue came in at $1,152 million and has been now running at a level of $1 billion for five consecutive quarters. Gross margin for the period came in at 45.8%, which was a little bit above the midpoint of our guidance and a little bit ahead of our near-term financial model. Our gross margin performance is determined by many factors as Ive told you before such as business volumes, product mix and customer mix. We should expect to see variability quarter-to-quarter, particularly in quarters with high or low customer concentration. Operating expenses were flattish at $321 million. SG&A declined sequentially while R&D spending increased both in absolute dollars as well as a percentage of total operating expenses. We continue to invest in R&D programs to ensure were ready for the current as well as next set of technology inflections, which is critical to enable our revenue growth. This R&D spending is focused in areas like ALD and ALE which Martin referenced earlier. Operating income in the September quarter was $207 million with operating margin of 18%, which again was a little above the midpoint of our guidance. The tax rate for the quarter came in at 18%, which was up sequentially due to the geographic distribution of revenue for the quarter with more revenue being generated in the United States. For the December quarter, I would be modeling a rate in the middle teens and for the remainder of the fiscal year, I would be modeling a tax rate in the high teens. And Ill just remind you if the federal R&D tax credit were to be extended, the impact would be a reduction of a couple of percentage points on the tax rate relative to the numbers that I just referenced. Based on a non-GAAP share count of approximately 175 million shares, earnings per share for the September quarter were $0.96, which again was above the midpoint of our guided range. Recall that with the increase in the share price, the share count now includes dilution from all three of our convertible notes offset by the impact of the note hedge that we put in place. The net dilutive impact from all three notes on a non-GAAP basis is approximately 10 million shares. And Ill remind you dilution schedules for the 2016, 2018 and 2041 convertible notes are available on our Investor Relations website to help you with your modeling. We made good progress on our $1 billion capital return program. During the quarter, we spent approximately $300 million and took delivery of approximately 4 million shares at an average purchase price of $72.40. We executed these buybacks partially through open market purchases and partially through an accelerated share repurchase program, which will not close until the December quarter. On July 2nd, we paid our $0.18 per share dividend which consumed $29 million. Were pleased with the cash generation capability of the company and continue to be committed to returning a meaningful level of net cash to shareholders. Let me now move to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments including restricted cash of about $3 billion. This is down from $2.2 billion in the June quarter with cash generation in the quarter being more than offset by our ongoing share repurchase and dividend programs. Deferred revenues were $357 million and this excludes $34 million in shipments to customers in Japan, which will revenue in future quarters. These Japanese shipments remain as inventory on our balance sheet. Cash from operations was $141 million, down from $246 million in the June quarter. Cash from operations was lower primarily due to the lower revenue. Additionally, weve built some inventory in preparation for an increase in shipment output over the next couple of quarters. DSO also trended higher by 10 days due to the shipment profile in the September quarter. And finally we exited the quarter with approximately 6,600 full-time employees. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the December quarter. We expect shipments of $1.240 billion plus or minus $50 million. We expect revenue of $1.230 billion plus or minus $50 million. Were forecasting gross margin of 45.5% plus or minus one percentage point. We forecast operating margins of 19% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally we forecast earnings per share of $1.12 plus or minus $0.07 based on a share count of approximately 173 million shares. So let me just summarize. Were pleased with our performance delivering another core of solid operational execution. It results in line to our objectives and attracting to our targets as outlined in the financial model. With that I will conclude our prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for Martin and I to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Well take our first question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question, I have two. Number one, Martin, when you look into 2015 it looks like you are pretty optimistic on FinFET and DRAM. Im just kind of curious, it looks like this year most of the NAND selling was on planar. Do you expect a similar trend in 2015 or do you think 3D NAND would increase as a percentage of the mix? And I also had a follow-up.
Martin Anstice: I think next year well continue to see planar investment levels being greater than 3D. Obviously there is a decent amount of installed base available and I think without exception today every customer is committed to scaling and committed to 3D NAND transition. And as you know there has been a various timing available from a customer. My expectation is that NAND flash investment continues to be very disciplined and in fact I would say its probably the tightest of any of the segments in terms of the balances supply and demand next year. And I think well see a meaningful addition of capacity of 3D NAND, but we would still expect planar spending to be higher than 3D.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thats very helpful. And then just as a follow-up, kind of curious on the status of your Single-Wafer Clean product for the front-end-of-line. Have you seen any traction or is it a product or is it a strategy you are going to pursue even on just focus on BEOL at this time? Thank you.
Martin Anstice: No, I mean the front-end-of-line is kind of largest market expansion opportunity, I mean the company is very competitive in back end of line; we have kind of great position and through the last several technology nodes weve been very successful at defending those positions. So the investment levels in clean and the growth opportunity in clean for sure has some back end of line growth opportunities. But in large part this is a front end of line expansion opportunity and we continue to be very engage with customers. Since the last earnings call, we have at least kind of one more engagement to my knowledge. And I would still say thats the initial revenues for kind of the new products, although there is some evidence of that today in a material context thats really still a 2015 event for the company. And there are kind of two parts of the decision making process relative to a new product, one of them is the decisions of the company to stay committed to investments and weve clearly performed and executed with in mind in calendar 14 and then ultimately set decisions by customers to adopt to technology and were kind of in that critical phase where in many respect the decision making about the health and the direction of our clean business is more in the hands of the customers than the company. I think weve done what we should have done, we delivered a productive platform, we have a clear strategy around kind of difference here, the solutions offerings and it will either demonstrate differentiation of added the customer and call them to adopt our product or not. And I think the next kind of 6 to 12 months is kind of critical for the company in that regard.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Its very helpful. Thanks Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Krish.
Operator: Well take our next question from C. J. Muse with ISI Group.
C. J. Muse - ISI Group: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, when you look back at or I guess were still on 4-K. But when you think about outpacing the market, basically going two times, how do you think about the key drivers there? Is there way to rank order by end market or by FinFET or [SAPB] for DRAM in terms of what really drove that outperformance. And then as you think of 2015 and your outlook for WFE, what will be the key drivers there?
Martin Anstice: I think really kind of nothing new from the company on this point really, C. J. I mean the outperformance of the company is now kind of a two year work product. I mean we had revenue performance greater than WFE for two years in succession. And I believe were going to enjoy the same performance benefits in calendar 15 and hopefully beyond. Weve got a lot of execution obviously. But certainly the set up is very healthy in that regards. And the growth opportunity is defined principally by SAM expansion by the markets of deposition and etch going faster than the average, and the multi-patterning opportunity in DRAM and logic, both the 3D NAND transition and ultimately advanced packaging are kind of the critical areas of segmentation that present that. And were working really hard to compound that opportunity by actually executing market share growth in each of our businesses as well in the long-term and the short-term performance from my perspective makes the long-term objectives rational and credible. So the largest opportunity in the inflection continues to be multi-patterning, second largest, 3D NANDs and both of those are heavy etch and deposition intensive process flows and device architectures. So I think the future is build upon the same outperformance elements as our recent history. And as I said in my prepared comments, the success of the company in terms of market share and positioning products and services which is kind of demonstrated outperformance in the last couple of years is kind of building momentum at the proportion of WFE spending by us as the inflections. So this year, I think the inflections see about 25% to WFE; next year were kind of at approximately a third; and by 2017 probably 50% of WFE spending will be directly related to the inflections so providing the outperformance potential on SAM expansion and market share for the company.
C. J. Muse - ISI Group: Thats very, very helpful. I guess as my second question, you basically saw pretty similar trends first half versus second half. How do you think about 2015 in linearity of spend, particularly on the foundry side given some of the commentary that its going to be first half weighted?
Martin Anstice: Yes, the only conviction I had is there will be a first half and second half. Its really hard to answer a question like that. I mean weve got kind of a pretty wide range on our WFE number; it feels really too early to answer that question. I do think consistent with Dougs comments on our inventory builds which you see in our balance sheet in September, we do expect a strong first half of next year and quite how strong it will be is kind of still to be determined but for sure, the visibility through the March quarter would imply that will what will be the case today. And it is really difficult when youre kind of nine months away and 12 months away to start a timing with any substance on the second half. Ill take a shot at answering that question if I may in January. 
C. J. Muse - ISI Group: Sounds good. Thanks so much.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks C.J.
Operator: Well go next to Sundeep Bajikar with Jefferies.
Sundeep Bajikar - Jefferies: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First one is related to foundry. So, how much 14 nanometer capacity roughly do you think we should expect to see in the industry exiting 2015? And when do you think we start to see more optimized versions of multi-patterning and foundry? Basically something like spacer-based patterning or Intels approach, both of which would be more deposition and etch?
Martin Anstice: Well, I think to the latter part of the question the kind of spacer-based approach is kind of definitely a trend which is accelerating. Im not going to directly answer your question in terms of capacity at the 40 nanometer nodes because frankly we dont spend a huge amount of time getting precise to one node, were kind of grouping 20 and 16 and 14 together because to a very large extent the equipment selection for the customers are relevant for kind of all three kind of nodes or half nodes if you want to characterize it that way. But we would expect that according to the assumptions that Ive kind of given you this up 5% to 10% WFE number, we would expect that kind of the 15% ends with about 210,000 and 220,000 maybe 230,000 wafer starts per month of capacity at 14, 16 and 20.
Sundeep Bajikar - Jefferies: Great. Thats extremely helpful. A quick follow-up there seems to be a lot of talk around strategic capacity expansion in semiconductor manufacturing in China. Are you starting to see this in terms of discussions around equipment purchases or do you think were still sort of in a very early stages of planning a potential build in China?
Martin Anstice: No, I think there is actually a meaningful investment and there are kind of a number of expansion plans in China. And clearly in light of the kind of government and region specific agenda, I think everybody is developing and finessing their kind of China strategies and I would certainly say thats relevant for Lam Research as well. So, we have a very strong team, we have very closed engagement with the customers and I think we are participating well in the spending as its going to flatten in the next year or so. Relative to the big on unasked questions where does the government investment end up between device design, device manufacturing or even materials and equipment supply. My sense is in those four areas, there is a meaningful investment level in the device manufacturing, but I think design is going to take a lot of that money, thats my instinct today.
Sundeep Bajikar - Jefferies: Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Sundeep.
Operator: Well go next to Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you very much. Martin, maybe first off big picture in terms of a lot of the recent chatter on EUV from one of your peers. How do you see your roadmap relative to some of the comments out there? Has it changed any or do you believe that things are still on track based on a lot of the comments youve highlighted in your previous Analyst Day?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think our position with EUV is like almost identical today as it was at the Analyst Day. I mean the customer comments continue to reinforce; the 10-nanometer insertion is not the plan record for EUV. And Im even reading kind of custom commentary that talks about non-EUV assumptions or non-EUV possibilities for 7-nanometer logic flows as well. Our assumption is that 7-nanometer insertion -- first of all, its not relevant to the calendar 17 models of the company. So its a 18 influence if at all. And we think it will be implemented with multiple patterning. And so one of the things Im struck by some of the external commentary that I read is this kind of like debate in the investment community around EUV and a very simplistic commentary on ASMI winning, Lam losing or Lam winning and ASMI losing. I think that dramatically oversimplifies things. When we look at kind of the base EUV roadmap and the assumptions that we think are relevant in modeling, the impact of EUV on our business at the 7 nanometer technology node, we think kind of two to three passes is kind of a relevant insertion magnitude for EUV. And if you want to be more aggressive, then maybe youll see in five or four or six or even eight. But even in that more aggressive scenario, what it does for our SAM and remember the context for our SAM. As long as there is multi-patterning, there is a SAM expansion opportunity for the company. And if you look at the 10 nanometer technology node from the material that weve previously presented to you, there is a meaningful expansion of SAM opportunities for the company from first generation fabric FinFETs to the second 10 nanometers. And we still believe that SAM expansion go into 7 nanometer even with the aggressive adoption that weve kind of characterized. So, if you want to be extremely conservative about the impact of EUV on the SAM of Lam Research, youd may size the impact of couple of hundred million dollars. But it is not any more than that from the perspective that we have on insertion even with a 6 to 8 pass assumption at the 7 nanometer technology node.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thats really helpful Martin. A question for Doug as my follow-up. In terms of the gross margin outlook for December, whats the key variable for your outlook there? Is it more customer concentration mix or a product mix given that the volumes obviously are higher in terms of both shipments and revenues?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean its a little bit of all of that. Customer mix actually might be the biggest one every quarter Patrick. But to the extent that things unfold the way we expect going in to this quarter through the December quarter, I feel pretty good about the 45.5 that we put out. Interestingly, if you look at the last quarter, the quarter unfolded pretty much as we expected almost to every single customer. And if that happens, I feel pretty good about that gross margin forecast.
Martin Anstice: Just to kind of add a little bit to that and this is as much as youre going to get on March. I think the deposition portfolio which has a greater magnitude in new product releases which are kind of maturing in terms of demonstrating value and also kind of cost reduction to company, definitely there is a greater proportion of deposition products in our mix in December than in September, so thats two points kind of part of the story. But the concentration of the business in December is actually not so very different from September from a customer point of view but from March it will be very concentrated. So our outlook right now for March is the top three customers will represent for us maybe kind of two-thirds of our system shipments and that compares with about the 45% level for December. So concentration of customers is definitely going to be a relevant part of our conversation in the March quarter based on what we see today.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Patrick.
Operator: Well go next to Mark Heller with CLSA.
Mark Heller - CLSA: Thanks for taking my question. Martin, I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color as far as the node spending trend within the 45% for foundry during the quarter, are you seeing a lot of FinFET within that and can you also give some geographic trends as far as where youre seeing spending strengths within the foundry?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, maybe Ill start and then -- this is Doug, Mark, Ill let Martin on balance. We saw decent amount across a lot of different programs, a lot of different customers, we saw spending at 28, we saw little bit of 20, and we saw some at first FinFET node, 16 FinFET. So, it was pretty broad in September and we expect thats going to continue going into December as well.
Martin Anstice: I have nothing to add. Awesome.
Mark Heller - CLSA: And maybe as my follow up, Doug then, can you maybe give us an estimate for the shipment split in December as well?
Doug Bettinger: Im not going to get into specifics; Ill give you a little color at least directional stuff. I think were going to continue to see strong foundry shipments and I think its going to continue to be relatively broad based. Dollar wise, probably not all that different than what we saw in the current quarter. I think memory is going to be up a little bit. And probably thats a statement more around DRAM than NAND; given how strong NAND was in the current quarter. And Im guessing or I think logic actually, not guessing, logic should be up a little bit as well. So, thats a little bit of color to think about.
Mark Heller - CLSA: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Well go next to Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company: Hi guys, thanks a lot. First question Martin; I know you dont want to say too much about March. But I try to ask you this pretty much every call. So, if I look at the inventory build, it would suggest that you are planning on a shipment increase in March of somewhere in the range of maybe 10% to 15%, maybe Im not calculating that right, but I wanted to ask you that number one.
Martin Anstice: What you think my reply is going to be if youve asked me this question before? Yes, Im not going to give that right now. We are -- I think were looking at a strong March and I wouldnt say its strong if there wasnt kind of more than $100 million bucks or $150 million bucks or $200 million bucks, which is kind of the range that you are kind of talking about. But thats as good as you can get for now.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company: Okay, great. And then Doug also a question on margins. So, maybe its sort of picking a little bit, but the guidance is a little bit below the financial model just a smidge below and thats due to the factors that you already talked about. But are those going to remain in a fact giving the concentration in March. Should we expect the margin in March to also be below financial model because of the customer concentration issues? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Well, Tim actually 45 isnt below at least from a gross margin standpoint, the model. If you remember the 14, 15 model, 45% was the number. So, were kind of right there. I think the directional color Martin was giving you as we expect customer concentration in the March quarter to be more concentrated and everything else equal that will be a little bit of a headwind from a margin standpoint. Having said that, if weve got stronger top-line that should offset a little bit at the operating income line.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company: Yes. Okay, great. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Tim.
Operator: Well go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon guys. Congratulations as well and thanks for letting me ask a question. Martin I want to go back to an answer you gave earlier around your expectations exiting next year for wafer start capacity at 2016 and 14. One of your peers sort of talked about a 175K number exiting this year, which relative to your 15 expectation would mean a lot of that spending was already done. Im wondering you could just give us your review on that 175K number or help us understand how to put your end of 15 into perspective for the calendar year 15?
Martin Anstice: Yes. Our end of 14 number is 130 to 140.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Thats helpful. And then
Martin Anstice: So, I mean maybe the difference is the timing of someones order placement or its order commentary versus ship commentary, I mean were all of that ship commentary as you know. So, hopefully that helps.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then relative to Dougs answer around shipment breakdown for December, is it too much to read into sort of the view that maybe the March quarter or the first half of next year going to see kind of a significant step up in memory spending? And when you look at the foundry strength in the back half of this year for you, how much of that is at the industry level versus you guys perhaps gaining some share?
Martin Anstice: Well, its relative to kind of the foundry performance for the company. Its kind of a bit of everything. I mean its the level of investments as 20-nanometer expansion kind of occurs as first generation FinFETs get invested and committed broadly across the industry and there is this kind of 28-nanometer kind of play as well. So we definitely get to kind of floats with the rising tide. Its a very specific commentary from the company around SAM expansion through multi-patterning and also 3D device architecture and logic. And weve got a little bit of a share gain in the mix as well. So, as Ive mentioned a number of times I think the primary story for the company is kind of the SAM expansion story. The market share is definitely a bonus for us, but a very important part of what were investing to achieve. You had a second part to the question which Ive forgotten I think, sorry.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Memory trends into the first half of next year, it sounds like we can set up some pretty good memory in the first half of 15?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think so. Remember were not going to give you first half, second half specifically.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks guys.
Martin Anstice: Thanks John.
Operator: And well go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great guys, thanks so much for taking the question. I appreciate it. Question also on the financial model, Tim had asked about the model relative to March, I would ask about the model relative to the full year 2015. At the top end of your WFE range, assuming we come in at $32 billion this year at the top end of the guidance for next year, wed be in that $35 billion plus range. Your financial model contemplates to certain earnings number; I believe that was for 2016, 2017 at 35 billion wafer fab equipment. How different do you think your earnings might be in 2015 if we get to that $35 billion number compared to what you would have had in the model in 2016 and 2017 if you could help us out thatd be great? Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes.
Martin Anstice: Yes.
Doug Bettinger: We both could give this good effort. All I was going to say and then feel free to add on, Martin, Jim is the time component of that model as well as just the level of top-line also.
Martin Anstice: Right.
Doug Bettinger: This has maturated some new tools that gross margin gets better as we mature the product line. So there is a time component in addition to just volume, so it wont be as good where wed get that spending level earlier than the 16, 17 profile, should probably be partly in between the two models.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean I think in terms of the output of the company and the business done from the company, were kind of tracking ahead of 14 and 15 kind of revenue level as many of you guys have kind of made that point. But to Dougs point, timing is a very significant part, or passing time is the very significant part of the 16 and 17 model. And its not just about that kind of maturing products which is very important but its about the magnitude of WFE which is an inflection, its about the success of market share, growth plans in the company of multiple years. So, 16 to 17 really does mean 16 to 17. So my advice relative to kind of modeling 15 is use the 14, 15 model that weve given you and flex it through the WFE assumption. Thats what I would do. And more or less, the 25% operating expense level thats defined in 14 or 15 is a legitimate reference point for the company.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thats really, really helpful. I appreciate that. And then just one follow-up, I think I know the answer to this, but I just want to make sure. Based on your comments you said for March, you would expect the book-to-bill in December to be above 1?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I would. But it doesnt trouble me, if it isnt, because the magnitude of backlog in this industry today is insanely low and its about versatility and flexibility to respond to short term demand. So the magnitude of order placement to shipments in short order is high and these days the conversion of shipments to revenues is pretty high as well.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. Thanks so much. Congrats.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Jim.
Operator: And well go next to Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Martin thanks for the preliminary WFE spending outlook for next year. I know you have talked about 32% mix of inflection technologies. But can you just give us a sense on the relative contribution to the growth NAND versus DRAM versus foundry and logic next year?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I feel Im going to be pretty miserable responding to that honestly. I think I had a version of that question on the last call. And weve kind of given you that answer for the 17 horizon, the 16, 17 horizon. And Ill just kind of refresh that as a reference so everybody has it. So in the context of a $2 SAM that we defined weve kind of said that $800 million plus or minus a 100 is in the kind of foundry logic space which includes device architecture and multi-patterning. 300 plus and minus 50 is in the DRAM space which in large part is a multi-patterning. 600 plus and minus the 100 is kind of NAND in large part 3D NAND. And the advance packaging opportunity is 300 plus or minus a 100. And big part of that is obviously kind of 3D transition, three silicon via. So thats kind of the reference point. Now what is going to be prevalent and most dominant in that context in calendar 15, I think the answer to that questions is multi-patterning and logic in DRAM, since that device transition, and we will see a continued deployment of 3D NANDs, but I think calendar 16 will be a much stronger play than 15 for 3D NAND HVM. I mean I think there will be a meaningful addition of 3D NAND capacity in 15, but I dont think it will compare to the additions in 16. And the advanced packaging I would say is going to show up, but its probably again more of a 16 play in substance than 15 at this point. Hopefully thats some color that you can work with.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan: Yes, I appreciate that. What are the interesting dynamics in the memory segment and that as you transition to these inflection technology nodes, there is actually a loss of capacity, right, for fixed area floor space. So obviously this is true for the migration to the 2x nanometer node for DRAM. I think were hearing as much as 15% capacity reduction. Are you seeing the same impact on the NAND supplier as they transition to 16 and 15 nanometer point planar technologies? And second question is are your tools and flows or how are your tools and flows helping your customers to kind of alleviate some of these capacity challenges?
Martin Anstice: Well, I definitely think that the impact on outputs for square foot of clean room in the DRAM space is a very relevant conversation and certainly to the extent there are additions of capacity forecasted assumes for DRAM next year. They dont take the baseline of available capacity up in any meaningful way for the reason that youve just described. So, I think weve got about 60,000 wafers our assumption for 2015 adds, but those adds just simply keep available capacity almost flat to kind of year-on-year. In the NAND space, my instinct is the conversation is much more relevant in the planar to 3D transition that it is in kind of traditional planar scaling. Im sure there is some elements, but I havent seen it show up permanently in conversations with the customers where its huge customer interface is in kind of planar to 3D transition in NAND flash. Thats a big one in terms of complexity of line layout and density of process chambers in a clean room.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Harlan.
Operator: And well go next to Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Thanks. Hi Martin and Doug. I had a follow-up question, Martin, on the market share at the technology inflection. Do you think the market share at these technology inflections can go higher than your 50% target if there is still uncertainty between this merger, between Applied and Tokyo Electron?
Martin Anstice: Well that will be our plan. I mean were working really hard to take advantage of every opportunity including any opportunities provided by competitors being distracted in any way shape or form. And if that distraction happens to a merger, if a merger is approved because integrating companies is not an easy skill to acquire it, its extremely difficult. We are going to work hard to exploit every single opportunity to grow this company and thats a time expansion, Stephen and its a market share Stephen. And then well see how it plays out, but thats the plan.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Okay. And then just I also have a follow-up question on the financial model. Does the model include higher shipments to a large logic customer? I was just wondering if these logic shipments start ramping into December, if that is also in this long-term model. Thanks.
Martin Anstice: All of the share gain opportunities that [Jupiter] has talked about before are comprehended in the model. Say it differently, yes.
Operator: And well go next to Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Julian for Mahesh. Thanks for taking my questions. Martin, we appreciate that you provided color for 2015 WFE, but 5% to 10% is going to be a broad range I know you dont want to comment specifically on this at the movement, but were wondering can you talk qualitatively, which segments are going to grow towards the higher end of the range which segments are sort of below the range just qualitatively any quote will be helpful. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Well, I think its kind of very similar to the answer I gave few moments ago. I think that planar scaling in NAND flash is clearly the majority of spending next year and thats a very tight specs, I mean supply and demand balance is really tight there and you can kind of see that evidence in the kind of pricing stability and the profitability levels of our customers. I think the investments in DRAM next year to a very large extent is very efficient, its about technology conversions. There are performance benefits associated with the shrink, but there is meaningful cost benefits to the shrink. So, I think the motivation of customers to take advantage of an opportunity to invest to improve their financial performance with the cost benefits of scaling, its clearly a very important part of their commitment. And there is a pretty aggressive raise to the FinFET foundry opportunity. So, I mean those are the influences that I think are relevant to answering your question for the industry. For the company, our big growth trajectories are kind of multi-patterning and logic in DRAM. And 3D device architecture is very beneficial for the company and thats valid in the logic space and it will be valid in the 3D NAND space as well. But again to my earlier point, not to the extent that I expect it to be relevant as people transition, as everybody transitions, I think had a pilot into HVM in the kind of 16 time line.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Carol Raeburn: We have time for two more callers. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First just on the 3D NAND piece, Im wondering if you are seeing customers de-commit a little bit from what you expected earlier this year. I think previously you were looking on maybe 80,000 wafer starts, now youre talking 60,000. And earlier this year you were thinking that 2015 would be the volume ramp year. So just curious your thoughts on customer activity on 3D NAND.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think all of our customers have kind of more or less said the same thing, right. I mean they have said they are working really hard to extend planar for as much as possible and as long as possible. But I think they are all invested in the legitimacy of a 3D NAND transition and there is kind of commitment by all of them to developments and kind of deployments. I had expected, if I kind of look at beginning of this year, I had expected the performance and the cost benefits of 3D device to have matured sufficiently by the end of 14, but the kind of market dynamics accelerated the stated timelines of all four customers that have kind of engagements. And it hasnt kind of played out in quite that way. And so I think the original commentary from customers around kind of two or three year timeline difference between first adopter and kind of last adopter is probably as valid today as any reference point. So I think HVM transition is relevant in calendar 15, but I dont think its relevant for everybody. So I think the HVM relevancy for everybody in 3D NAND is going to be a 2016 play. Now all bets are off, if someone is in the marketplace with the significant performance and cost benefits and kind of deployments gets kind of pulled in which was my hypothesis before and maybe that cheers up and if it does, I think life will get pretty exciting pretty quickly.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, thats helpful. And then just thinking about this a bit further. So you identified double-patterning and 3D NAND as your main SAM expansion drivers over the next couple of years. But you have also indicated that foundry spend is still fairly heavy at 20-nanometer right now and that the NAND productions are still focused planar extension. Is there some risk maybe developing around your ideas on SAM expansion in 2015?
Martin Anstice: No, I dont think so. I think we feel very comfortable with the assumption of kind of one-third of WFE being inflection based next year, I think the 28 nanometer investments is kind of supplements all and takes what already was in nodes that was in the 330,000 wafer starts per month range and makes it even a little bit bigger. Its a lot cheaper obviously for our customers to add 20-nanometer capacity than FinFET capacity. So in spite the fact that its a decent number of wafer starts, its kind of economic consequence is lower.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks Wes.
Operator: And well take our last question from Romit Shah with Nomura Securities.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities:  Yes, thanks. Doug, is 50% to 60% incremental gross margin still the right way to think about the model potentially for next year in light of some of the customer concentration you expect to see in March?
Doug Bettinger: Romit, I would just redirect you back to the financial model which in 14, 15 shows 45% gross margin and roughly 20% operating income is the right way to be modeling the business next year.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: Okay. And then just one final question on the current environment. I guess if I take the midpoint at December, it would imply that revenues for the second half of the calendar year come in about 100 million below your guidance of flat. And at the same time you seem to be more positive on March. So, Im just wondering if there was any dynamic here with the particular customer program thats influencing your guidance for December as well as how youre thinking about the March period.
Martin Anstice: Yes, with kind of due respect I went in awful of trouble last quarter to say not precisely flat. And I think a 51-49 profile which is kind of the mathematical derivative of the midpoint is pretty consistent with what I tried to position in the last earnings call. And obviously relative to kind of running the company and making choices about investments in the future, in the growth of the company and positioning to exploit SAM expansion, market opportunities as they exist. When we get these kind of ebbs and flows, and I realize the $100 million is a lot of money but when we get to these ebbs and flows, theyre not actually very material to us in terms of how we think about running the company. And the difference between December and January is not worth of huge amount of anything to us, its important to be aware of, its important to be transparent on, our commitment to continue to try to do the best we can in that context, so.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: Got it. Thank you Martin. 
Carol Raeburn: Thank you for joining us today. Please visit our investor page at lamresearch.com for further information on our company and to hear a playback of this call which will be available later this afternoon. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn  IR Martin Anstice  President and CEO Douglas Bettinger  EVP and CFO
Analysts: C. J. Muse  ISI Group Timothy Arcuri  Cowen and Company, LLC Harlan Sur  JPMorgan James Covello  Goldman Sachs Krish Sankar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Romit Shah  Nomura Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets Edwin Mok  Needham & Company Patrick Ho  Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2014 Quarterly Results Conference Call. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Raeburn. Please go ahead maam.
Carol Raeburn: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Lam Research quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the June 2014 quarter and our outlook for the September 2014 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed a little after 1 PM this afternoon. It can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website, along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes including our guidance. A more comprehensive list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide deck accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosures in our public filings, including our 10-K and 10-Q. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented in a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific time and as always we ask that you limit questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up so that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. With that I will now hand over call over to you Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Carol and good afternoon everyone. Ill start today by commenting on our performance in the June quarter and 2014 fiscal year, then provide a little more color on our view for the outlook for wafer fab equipment spending in the second half of calendar 14 and the full year 2015 before transitioning to Doug. I will conclude with thoughts on Lam growth and describe areas of focus for the company, that should provide you with helpful context. In the June quarter Lam continued a trend of outperformance and we delivered another quarter of strong execution across the business. Results topped the midpoint of our guided ranges across all metrics, reinforcing our confidence in our recently updated long term financial models. The June quarter marks the end of our fiscal year, a truly remarkable year for Lam. In a period of transformation within our company and the industry generally we reported record revenues in each successive quarter and operating income that more than doubled year-over-year. We believe that a major theme for Lam in our recent year and more importantly in our future is the opportunity for sustainable out performance. This is made possible through our position and focus on markets leadership in the segments of WFE that we serve, our critical applications growth strategy targeted to deliver leading edge solutions through significant technology inflections and our demonstrated ability to execute predictably meeting commitments to the full community of stake holders. These strengths all combined to provide a path for Lam to create value of substance for shareholders over the next several years, value creation that should accelerate with continued execution in our markets as they represent expanding proportion of WFE due to the primary technology inflections, most notably in areas related to patenting, 3D devices and advance packaging. Overall, we estimate that approximately 25% of total WFE investments this year will be directly associated with the inflection technologies and based on the importance of these enabling transitions to our customers and the current pace of pilots and production ramps we maintain our view of WFE spending within a $32 billion range. For our company due to the complement of our strengths with the spending bias of our customers we continue to remain optimistic that the second half of calendar 2014 can achieve a revenue level reasonably similar to the first half of the year. Although much can change at this time it would be fair to characterize that we expect December to be stronger than September. Now to the segment details, starting with NAND flash memory we continue to see balance between supply and demand of bits as sustainable profitability continues to be a strong customer focus. We believe that customers are supplementing and converting capacity in a very rational manner with WFE spending relatively consistent with earlier expectations. Investment is focused on 16-nanometer and below planar conversions as well as initial 3D NAND capacity. As noted at our investor and analyst event recently we continue to expect planar investments to represent the major of NANDs WFE spending this year, representing approximately two-thirds of the total. Our outlook for 2014 NAND supply bit growth remains in the lower 40% range. In DRAM we saw continued strength and investments in the June quarter. Strong DRAM ASP with a supply constrained market are underpinning an industry focus on realizing healthy returns on investments made. Accordingly investments are primarily being made to enable the transition to mid 2x and below technology nodes, transitions which we believe offer meaningful value to customers from a very efficient upgrade oriented spending. Projections for DRAM bit growth are approximately 30% this year. Overall in memory we maintain our projection for 2014 WFE at $12 billion to $13 billion. Lastly in both the foundry and broader logic segments our outlook remains more or less consistent with the prior view. The ramp plans for 20 nanometer foundry and 14 nanometer logic appear from our perspective to be progressing largely as expected with a foundry focus on 20 nanometer investments in the first half of the year and the second half of the year weighted to early FinFET purchases and a broadening of participants. Restating my earlier message we expect WFE at the $32 billion level in calendar year 14 and revenues at Lam to materially outperform to that baseline year-over-year comparison. For 2015, we continue to believe that WFE spending levels are biased to be stronger than 14 with key opportunity and risk being defined by success of latest generation devices, utilizing new enabling technology measured by performance and cost benefits in their markets and the conviction of participants to grow profitably in an increasingly consolidated and competitive semiconductor industry. For Lam we believe that the share of WFE that would be attributed to markets that we serve will increase as technology inflections become more mainstream and represent perhaps approximately one-third of total spending next year by our customers. Combined with this sound growth outperformance, we believe our technology inflections applications market share is in excess of 50% across the portfolio of deposition edge and clean products. We remain excited by this unique opportunity and work hard each day to make our commit  to meet our commitments and continuously strengthen the trust that our customer place in our company and the individuals who work here. This commitment, out performance and execution is evidenced in our reported 90% success rate in targeted penetration and defense activities in the first half of calendar 14. This is one of the most fundamental measures of the trust in Lam and the quality of our people, our product and technology roadmap and our ability to execute. Our momentum, particularly in the most challenging critical applications is enabled by our commitment to invest in the inflections for the long term and emphasis on customer collaboration in pursuit of solutions to their most critical challenges. Execution in these areas is underpinned by the fact that we have shipped 17 new product configurations in the last 12 months, marking perhaps the most active period of innovation in our company, in a company that has long prided itself on its innovation at the leading edge. Our focus areas are on the critical path for our customers and this shared value proposition is providing significant growth opportunities for Lam. Illustratively our leadership in the patenting area is aligned with customers need for scaling solutions in advance of next generation Litho, our leadership in back end of line clean is aligned with customers critical yield initiatives. As we discussed in some detail recently we are also focused on expanding our engagement with customers related to their installed based partnering to achieve the level of performance they need to be successful over the long term. An opportunity exists for Lam to differentiate itself through comprehensive and configurable lifecycle solutions, partnering with our customer to innovate through the economic challenges of scaling. That is a key focus for our customer service business group. The capability to rapidly address customer challenges with innovative and cost effective solutions, combined with increasing level of support we are receiving from customers globally is fundamental to executing our vision. Neither the outperformance we have delivered to-date nor the opportunities presented here would be possible without successful collaborations with our customers and partners more broadly through the industry. We thank them all sincerely and are delighted by the recognition we have received for our efforts. As we shared a couple of weeks ago, the next six months are a very busy period for us at the customer interface, supporting them with critical ramps and focusing on the significant number of equipment selection decisions outstanding for this year, staying aligned with our customer on their needs, planning and executing accordingly. As you might expect, for a company that is targeted to grow between 20% and 25% year-over-year in calendar 14, in turn creating approximately $1 billion of cash from operations, for a company with a vision to grow meaningfully, through a multi-year technology inflection period, Lam leadership is committed to successful scaling of our company in a manner that is transparent and value creating for our customers and shareholders. In conclusion and notwithstanding the formidable strength of our competitors we continue to believe we are well positioned to outperform in the coming years. We plan to execute to win key applications and with a $2 billion SAM expansion opportunity through calendar 2017 we are very excited about a future of growth. Last but not least I would like to recognize the Lam, the full complement of 6,700 employees globally who worked tirelessly through a complex and transformative period for the company, who believed in the opportunity and prioritized their role modeling, our values of customer first, company and then individual and achieving our vision objective of being number one in customer trust above all else. Many thanks to everybody. With that Ill hand the call over to Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Okay, thanks Martin. Good afternoon everyone. And I want to thank you today for joining us during what I know is a busy earnings season for your guys. Let me just begin by saying we are very pleased with the results from our June quarter which topped off very strong performance for fiscal year 2014. Operating income continued to outpace revenue growth, growing at roughly twice the rate both in the quarter as well as in the year. Gross margin and earnings per share both came in above the midpoint of our guidance demonstrating the strength of our business model. We continue to execute on our plans to outperform the industry around the key technology inflections as well as to deliver on our financial commitments. Shipments in the June quarter were above the midpoint of our guidance range at $1.160 billion, which was down about a $100 million sequentially but up slightly when you compare to the December quarter. The memory segment represented 59% of total system shipments and that was down from 66% in the March quarter. Within that NAND shipment contributed approximately 20% of total system shipments and Ill just point we still anticipated the planar NAND node conversions will represent the majority of NAND investments for the full year and we do expect to see an increase in planar investments in the back half of the calendar year. DRAM shipments were strong at 39% of system shipments. That was up from 3% in March quarter. With healthy pricing in the DRAM market and supply remaining tight relative to demand we have seen an increase in spending to support both 25 nanometer and 20 nanometer node conversions. Our successfully product positions from multi patterning applications continue to be a tailwind with respect to the DRAM segment. Foundry shipments were 30% of total system shipments and this was up from 28% in the prior quarter. We expect to see a strengthening in foundry investment in the second half of the calendar year with a broadening of the customer base investing in FinFET pilot production as well as additional investment in the 28 and 20 nanometer nodes. And finally logic and other shipments comprised 11% of total system shipments and this was up from 6% in the March quarter. Revenue for the June quarter came in at $1.249 billion setting a new high for the fifth consecutive quarter. June gross margin percentage came in at 46.4%, an increase of about 90 basis points compared to the March quarter. And as we shared with you in the past business volumes and overall business mix contribute to the variability in our gross margin performance and we expect to see fluctuation in gross margins on a quarterly basis. Our operating expenses were within our expectations for the June quarter at $322 million holding steady at about 26% of revenue. We continue to prudently manage SG&A cost to allow us to appropriately fund strategic development programs that are expected to generate growth in future revenues. Our R&D spending is focused at the leading edge technology nodes as well as the technology inflections that you heard us talk about during our investor meeting earlier this month. We are spending on products and etching our position that will move us further into atomic scale processing. We are spending on products in clean to deliver next generation yield solutions for our customers. Operating income delivered in the June quarter was $258 million and this was up about $10 million from the March quarter. Our operating margin came in at 20.6% above the midpoint of our guidance range, reflecting the leverage in our model. The tax rate for the June quarter was approximately 15% .I do expect this rate to raise somewhat as we move into our 2015 fiscal year. I would be modeling a rate in the high-teens for the near future. This increase is driven by a more significant amount of our revenue being generated domestically where tax rates are a little bit higher. I should point out to you that this tax rate estimate does not include any benefit from the potential extension of the R&D tax credit in the United States. If that tax credit is extended it would lower our rate by two to three percentage points. The resulting earnings per share for the quarter came in at $1.25 and that was above the midpoint of our guidance range. The majority of the upside is attributable to our improved gross margin for the quarter. Our earnings per share were based on a share count of roughly 173 million shares. The share count includes the dilutive effect of 8.2 million shares from the 2041 convertible note. And Ill just remind you that the dilution schedules for this note as well as now the 2016 and 2018 notes are posted on our investor relations website to help you with your modeling. As our share price has ticked up in the last quarter modeling the dilutive impact from our converts now requires looking at all three of the notes. Cash from operations was robust at $246 million, generated in June quarter and this was about 20% of revenue. Cash from operations benefited from continued focus on working capital metrics. Day sales outstanding improved in June to 58 days and that compared to 61 days in the March quarter. Inventory turns did decline slightly as we added a little bit of inventory for future business growth. Now let me turn to balance sheet. We ended the quarter with gross cash and short term investments which include our restricted cash of $3.2 billion. This was up 11% from $2.9 billion in the March quarter. Cash in the quarter was bolstered by $135 million from the sale of some non-essential real estate assets. We had deferred revenue of $362 million which does not include $34 million in shipments to Japanese customers which will convert to revenue in future quarters. And Ill just remind you on April 29th we announced that the Board of Directors approved a $1 billion capital return program which consists of an $850 million share repurchase authorization along with the first quarterly dividend in the 34 year history of the company. During the June quarter we spend $36 million on the repurchase of approximately 624,000 shares at an average price of $56.89. We expect to complete the balance of the share repurchases over the next two years. The quarterly dividend was initiated at $0.18 which was paid out on July 2nd. The scope of the capital return program demonstrates the confidence we and the Board of Directors have in the cash generation capability of this company. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the September quarter. We expect shipments to come in at $1.110 billion plus or minus a range of $50 million. We expect revenue of $1.150 billion again plus or minus $50 million. Shipments and revenue reflect a sequential decrease in total memory spending offset by a growth in foundry spending. We expect gross margin to come in at 45.5% plus or minus one percentage point. We are forecasting operating margins of 17.5% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally we forecast earnings per share of $0.92 plus or minus $0.07 based on a share count of approximately 177 million shares. And Id just like to pause for a moment and point out to you that within the midpoint of this EPS guidance is the impact of roughly $0.05 from the incremental dilution from the converts as well the increase in tax rate. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Martin and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Well go first to C. J. Muse with ISI Group. Please go ahead.
C. J. Muse  ISI Group: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, in terms of the implied guide for second half revenues consistent with the first half, it looks like youre looking at revenues growing roughly 15% sequentially into the December quarter. And I guess the question there is one, can you talk about visibility? And then two, how much of that will be an increase in shipments versus a drive down of deferred revenues?
Douglas Bettinger: Well, I think the first to thing to say is the visibility for something six months away isnt as good as the visibility three months away, but we certainly, we do our best C.J. to kind give you an appropriate linkage between commentary from the customers and the opportunity for the company. I will remind you that I said approximately similar, not precisely the same. So first half, second half side, Id be sensitive to being a little too precise in the calculation here but for all intents and purposes we believe we got a revenue expansion, revenue opportunity and expansion between September and December that will be approximately equal first half and second half. We dont typically disclose our backlog and orders in a conversation like this. Obviously we have to file a 10-K and there will be a backlog number in there. But I will comment the backlog for the company, the difference between the orders received from customers and shipments made to customers has built by more than $200 million in the last two quarters. So were kind of building backlog. And frankly speaking the relationship between shipments and revenues is reasonably consistent from one period to another. So in answer to the second part of your question, is it a draw down, it would only ever be draw down if the circumstances of the customer were causing us to respond to their request that way but there isnt a fundamental message on shift in revenue turns that would kind of undermine the outlook that weve shared with you.
C. J. Muse  ISI Group: Thats very helpful. And then Doug if I could ask you a quick question here. In terms of greater tax generated here in the U.S. how does that change your thinking in terms of perhaps being more aggressive on buybacks and/or upside to that $850 million?
Douglas Bettinger: It doesnt really. The two are not related in my mind, C.J. I mean we announced a capital return program before I really modeled what I expected the tax rate for the next fiscal year to be. So in my mind its not inter-related. And again the uptick just to clarify in the tax rate has a lot to do with the fact that we are shipping more systems into the U.S. which has higher tax rate than when we ship them elsewhere. But the two things are independent in my C.J.
C. J. Muse  ISI Group: Okay, thank you.
Douglas Bettinger: Thanks C.J.
Operator: Well take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks a lot. Just Doug a question on calendar Q4. I know that you dont want to talk too much about it but if you just look at your guidance to grow the revenue between 20% and 25% for the year and you take the midpoint, certainly it suggests that the revenue in December is going to be a little bit better than what it was in June. And I am wondering from a gross margin perspective is there anything abnormal in the shipment concentration and whats likely to ship in December that would make gross margin or the profile any different because that would argue that your gross margin should be better in December than it was in June Thanks.
Douglas Bettinger: You know Tim, I am not going to answer that question. Were not going to get into giving hard guidance more than one quarter out. I think youre thinking on the topline is probably directionally right. I havent quite gone through where all of the mix would fall out. I would kind of take you back though to the financial model that we out as the best guide post for how I would be thinking about the profitability and the gross margin of the company, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, great, Doug. Thanks. And then Martin can you talk a little bit about are there concrete examples? I know you probably dont want to get too much into the specifics but are there examples, when you talk your customers that you have gained share or youve gain a slot as a result of the ongoing proposed merger thats happening out there with your larger peers. Are there any examples of you absolutely gaining share as a result of that merger? Thanks.
Martin Anstice: There is a lot of evidence that were gaining share. Whether its precisely a byproduct of the customers reaction to a planned merger or not is a conversation I dont waste my time having with a customer honestly. So I am sure that the value proposition, to the extent the customers are not positive and you will need to talk to customers directly to figure out whether they are or are not. But to the extent that they are not positive about that time  my personal opinion is that the benefit is more a kind of medium and long term benefit to the company, not short-term. So the simple reason that it takes a long time to make changes to market share of this company and when you get selected or youre working on a selection they tend to stick pretty well. So I am sure there is an example or two along the way where we might be able to claim that was because of reaction but frankly speaking I think its not a conversation that we tend to have. We just focus on delivering the best solution that we can and focusing on established differentiation in the critical application space and we try to articulate that in our forward-looking targets and we try to articulate it at the most recent analyst call by reminding everybody that in the patterning space were addressing two-thirds of all the multi-patterning critical steps. And in the 3D NAND conversion we have 90% position on the critical applications across all memory customers and more than 60% on all applications. So gaining share and growing our company is all about critical applications focus and inflections. And if along the way, whether its associated with the reaction to a competitors merger plan or not, if we gain other business by building customer trust, than we are excited about that opportunity as well.
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks.
Douglas Bettinger: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Our next question will come from John [Fitzer] with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess Martin my first question just relates to some incremental news on EUB that was out in the market today, that clearly impacted, I think your stock and some of peers stock. I am kind of curious from your perspective if the timing of EUB in your mind has changed all that much. I know you addressed this at Analyst Day but I will be curious again to get a better understanding from your perspective if EUB gets inserted quicker than we think what that might do to that $2 billion TAM opportunity that youve talked about?
Martin Anstice: Hi, very, very simply my view of the intercept point on the EUB is no different today than it was the last time we were in public domain. And relative to the impact of EUB insertions to the 2017 $2 billion SAM expansion, little or nothing of impact. And thats just a commentary that I would extract from the statements of our customers. Our customers have almost without exception stated no intercept to 10 nanometers in logic and maybe there is a back haul opportunity but its one or two levels, one or two passes. So I think fundamentally no change in view of intercept and no impact of substance to the $2 billion SAM expansion we articulated.
Unidentified Analyst: Thats helpful. Then maybe as my follow up, I know you talked about directionally WFE being up in calendar year 15. I am wondering if you could attempt to qualify that or at least if not quantify, kind of qualify the puts and takes within the broader buckets of NAND, DRAM and FinFET. And I guess Im particularly interested in FinFET because the sense I get is this time last year looking a year out the visibility on 20 nanometers seemed to be a lot more tangible than the visibility on 1614 is for the next 12 months, maybe you can address that, that will be helpful.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I am going to resist the temptation to respond quantitatively, it feels too early to do that but as I said in the analyst meet I think there is two or three levels to the conclusion on [BIAS 2] growth next year  statement of capital intensity. I think in each of these transitions whether its kind of patterning, the incremental patterning steps that we articulated or in logic and DRAM whether its the incremental SAM expansion that exist in the NAND flash. And even in litho I believe there is an opinion that there is capital intensity increased in a planar to 3D transition. So capital intensity I think is part of the story. I think the general commentary on demand for electronics consumer and enterprise and IC units, if you kind of begin with a GDP commentary is a little bit more positive in 15 than it is in 14. I think the competitive dynamic that exist in a consolidated semiconductor world tends to deliver two things to us. It tends to deliver discipline in spending and it creates very high risk reward opportunities for growth for our customers. And so I think there is a tremendous amount of conviction associated with establishing market share leadership positions through these technology inflections and clearly calendar 15 is the first year of substance when we are going from private line investments into an HVM regime. So I kind of  I look at the sum of all of the data points that are available to us and none of them seemed particularly negative if negative at all and we will kind of part [inaudible] and maybe by the time we get to the October earnings call put a number out to you but I would say at this point, we expect WFE to be stronger and we expect our share of that expansion to be a positive story as well, remember our view of proportion of WFE that inflection related goes from that 25% in calendar 14 to approximately one-third in calendar 15.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks guys.
Martin Anstice: Thanks John.
Operator: And our next question will come from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: Hi, good afternoon. Nice job on the quarterly execution. At your analyst day you mentioned inflexion technology spend of about third of WFE spend next year versus 25% this year. Looking at at a lot more granular level, it seems like you still expect 3D NAND to kind of exit this year at about kind of 6-7% of total installed NAND capacity. Can you just give us some numbers on why you expect 20 nanometer DRAM mix to be in terms of the installed capacity exiting this year and what I am trying to get out is or get a sense for, what is the upgrade tail wind as we look into 2015?
Douglas Bettinger: When you say 29 nanometer, did you say 20 nanometer DRAM or 20 nanometer (inaudible).
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: 20 Nanometer DRAM.
Martin Anstice: Well I think the opportunity for kind of sustainable upgrade is pretty significant. I mean our estimate for the end of calendar 14 is that there is probably 450,000 wafer starts per month capacity at 3X or above which is a pretty significant number and our estimates on the 2X proportion by the end of calendar year is still a pretty low number. So I think conversion opportunity down to 20 nanometer is going to be a significant part of the story for a calendar 15 and even more so for the company because of the transitions in terms of double patenting. I will remind you that there three to four steps of multi-patterning in a mid 2X technology node, there are 15 to 20 steps of multi patenting at 20 nanometer and 30 to 40 steps at 1X. And as David Hemker, our CTO explains in the analyst meeting there are multiple process for each one of those steps. So I think the story in terms of sustainable investment through upgrades is going to have a very prominent theme for WFE next year and I think it will be even stronger for the company for the reasons that I just stated.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: Yeah. Makes a lot of sense and then Martin within our balance first half, second half shipping outlook, last quarter you had anticipated about in and out of the spenders in the second half, looking at our shipment guide for September and kind of the pipeline for the second half of the year, is it unfolding this way, I know you mentioned a broader base of spenders in logic and foundry. Are you also seeing a broader set of customers spending in memory as well here in the second half?
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah, Harlan, this is Doug, I will take that one. The memory cap spending its the same guys. In memory, when we look first half, second half is maybe a little bit first half weighted. Conversely is foundry logic is a little bit second half weighted and broadening out that we described to you a quarter ago were absolutely still expecting to see  you are seeing a broadening out of people spending out in FinFET, we are seeing some investment at 28 and 20 nanometer as well and its more substantial in terms of the number of people spending in the second half than the first.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: Got it. Okay thank you very much.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah, you are welcome, Harlan thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks so much for taking the question, I appreciate it. Martin I hate to go back to kind of the noise of the day, but I think it was important as John Fitzer suggested relative to some of the stocks. Could you offer us your perspective just from a technical standpoint on if indeed the wafers that IBM was talking about processing were processed without any photo resist on them, what exactly that would mean in terms of what kind of test that would be from an industry perspective and a technical perspective?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I dont think, I mean I can kind of give you some fairly superficial commentary. We are not the experts here, we are not qualified and we dont know enough about what they stated. I mean I read a bunch of reports.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: I promise you, you know more than I do.
Martin Anstice: That may be true but the basic headline for the company is the multiple patterning opportunities of growth for us are fundamental. They are real and they are not likely impacted in the 2017 timeframe by any EUB conversation. There is a tremendous amount of learning still ahead of the industry, relative to EUB, very clear and every year that passes, that builds an installed base of alternatives, in terms of etch and depositions systems for spacer based DRAM multiple patterning or emergent litho and X systems in logic, every year that passes, the bigger the installed base is, the motivation for reuse is very significant. And so the economic tradeoff on the intercept actually is even more challenging, not less challenging as every year passes. So I dont know the people are really processing that but clearly the long term benefit for the customer if the productivity performance that is being described by SML is achieved in a production environments is a good thing for the industry in sustaining Morse law. But in the meantime, we got a lot of things to focus on and certainly in the 2017 timeline I dont think there is much of anything to talk about today.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Helpful thank you. As a follow-up you and a lot of folks have talked a lot about the broadening out of a foundry spend and the second tier foundry customers starting to spend a little bit more money. Can you walk us through a little bit of differences in timing on when you may see orders and deliver shipments of some of the second tier foundries versus some of the other peers in the industry and how that could impact you know have one and growth and even how that might affect your visibility into the early part of 2015 shipments to the extent that maybe some of those orders are coming for you in the back half of 2014 whereas some of them whereas some of those orders from the second tier foundries might have come to some of your peers in the earlier part of 2014.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean not to be semantic but I mean to the best of my knowledge there arent so many equipment companies with a big back log today. So, its much less about an orders conversation and its much more about the quality of conversation and the demonstrative performance of the customer in that conversation to plan and commitments communicated to us. And there is an expectation in our first half and second half that as Doug said, the foundry business and the proportionate shipments in foundry have a meaningful increase and relative to concentration you know just take a kind of quick look at numbers, there is not a customer in that population thats outside of the biggest guy in that list is 30%-40% of our shipments. So its a fairly diverse participation level and its happening at a time when there is a very unique and very critical opportunity to establish market share leadership in a FinFET device marketplace. And so when I think through kind of risk as I said multiple times this year, I think the risk profile for calendar 14 is actually pretty low. I mean there is always some adjustment a little bit here or there but thats in the scheme of things there is noise, where things get a little bit more unpredictable is being able to articulate a view on transitions out of privates line to HPM. I mean headline is there are only so many customers today for the equipment industry, there are only so many semiconductor company spending money adding leading edge capacity and it is critically important that they validate their capability to do that. So that when someone is in the marketplace whether there is going to be a follower or a leader with a competitive device in terms of performance of cost, they can move quickly. And so I actually dont feel like there is tremendous amount of exposure to the commentary of the company in the second half of the year. I might be wrong but thats how I feel. I feel like calendar 15 is much more challenging to predict.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Jim.
Operator: And our next question will come from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead
Krish Sankar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, hi thank you taking my question. First one Martin just wondering if you could take a  you highlighted how a third of WFE next year would go the inflection, if you were to take a slag which should be the biggest bucket of spending among that will it be FinFET, 3D NAND or multi patterning DRAM?
Martin Anstice: Well, wow I thought you were going to ask me a slight different so  I next year I mean I have got an answer for the question for the three year yeah, I dont I am going to rather take a kind of flyer I am going to kind of hold off. I mean clearly in the $2 billion context we have said that the foundry logic transition which is a mixture of patenting in the FinFET device of the single largest portion for us. Next is NAND Flash 3D NAND and the third in this is multi-patterning DRAM. And the fourth is advanced packaging. I guess its a reasonable commentary from I just said to conclude that the foundry implications in 3D NAND are greater than DRAM next year but for our company we clearly have very strong participation in DRAM as well.
Krish Sankar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, got it, thats helpful. And then question for Doug if I look at the margin structure, are there any other level for improving the margin or even to be floating around the mid-40s gross margin and maybe mid the 20s margin is it purely a function of revenue from here or do you have other levers to improve the margin?
Martin Anstice: The thing I understand Chris when you are running a company the scale and scope of Lam Research you got to be driving cost reduction everyday every year you have to be making sure your efficiencies and things like that in the manufacturing and supply chain are being pushed as far as they can be pushed. We got do it year-over-year and we are absolutely doing that this year as hard as we did last year and we will do it just as hard next year, because we have expectations from our customers that they are going to get some pricing reduction. You got to at least drive cost as fast as just mostly in place.
Douglas Bettinger: I think I would then take you to Chris is go back to the financial models that we just put out at the beginning of this month. Thats the way you should be thinking about the profitability level of the company we put in the 14-15 model gross margin at 45 going over the next three to four years to 46 and approaching 47. Thats a way you should be thinking about things and there will be puts and takes quarter by quarter around those numbers but we constructed those models and tried to be very thoughtful about how the portfolio of the business was going to look.
Martin Anstice: And just to add to that, if you dont do what Doug say if you dont just float you drown. So it is correctly important to focus on the totality of the thing that influence the gross margin and the operating expenses of the company and we have two levels simply stated in gross margin, one of them is cost and one of them is revenue and the pricing consequences are all byproduct of a competitive environment and differentiation, which is why we make such an investment to position the product and technology portfolio to be as strong as it can be it and it can always be stronger, but it can [in some] differentiation. And the last thing that we think about when we position profitability in our long-term model is what we think is a fair distribution of profits over the supply chain and what do we think is defendable sustainable position to take with customers. As best I can tell economics still represents a significant component of risk relative to Moores law in just physics and if you get that long-term positioning wrong you create a customer trust exposure which in my opinion is really high. So we try to position profitability levels in ways that we feel comfortable, just defining at customer interface. And in that context we believe were positioned for best customer trust and ultimately best partnership, best collaboration and if we execute in the way that we intend to ultimately out performance of revenues and profits as well.
Krish Sankar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thank you. Its very helpful, thanks Martin and Doug.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Krish.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Romit Shah  Nomura: Thanks, great job on gross margin. Doug I noticed the incremental gross margin in the quarter was extremely high. It was roughly 100%. Was there anything one time worth highlighting here in the June period?
Douglas Bettinger: No, there was nothing one time. I mean as I tried to describe the impact of different kinds of mix characterizations, different customer mixes, different tool mixes, not everything here has the same profitability. We benefited from pretty favorable mix last quarter and its kind of coming back to where it was in the previous quarter in our current guidance.
Romit Shah  Nomura: Okay and then how are you thinking about the share count going forward with the authorization you have in place?
Douglas Bettinger: With the $850 buyback authorization we are only just starting on it. We are going to execute that buyback over approximately the next two years and you should assume we will consistently be in the market buying that back. Whats moving against us a little bit right now is the dilution from those convertible notes and even though we were in the market last quarter share counts ticking up and its really all about what happening from an increasing share price and the impact on those converts. So we will continue to be aggressive with the buyback. What I cant control is kind of the note dilution right.
Romit Shah  Nomura: Thanks Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah, thanks Romit.
Operator: We will take the next question from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Just a follow-up on the foundry spending in the second-half. If we can make an attempt at 25 the broadness of the foundry putting in two buckets, 28 nanometer and higher and 20 nanometer lower, can you break down your expectation for the second half in those two buckets.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, more of it is at the leading edge Mahesh. The 20 nanometer in the FinFET investment is more substantial than 28 by a decent amount.
Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thats very helpful and the second on, I think on the memory, memory has been very strong this year and your first-half is about 55% on average. We have seen a wild fluctuation in memory investment in last three years. Now with the increased capital density will you be able to make a guess at how do you see a normalized percent spending of memory going forward like is it 40% you expect or 50% or 30% in that range? Just a very high ball park number, that will be helpful.
Douglas Bettinger: I wish I can help but we are not going to. Frankly you it is getting for those folks who have conversations about memory or cycles again its really hard to do that because I dont know how to do that anymore, right. What I can see is a community of ten customers or 15 that each have their own cycles, that are spending consistent with their windows of opportunity and they are being very disciplined and very effective in terms of operating and the pace at which they add capacity, keeping supply and demand in balance. When I think about extendibility and sustainability of spending I focus on profitability levels of customers and as best I can tell in memory today thats pretty good. And I focus on the proportion of capacity that is still available for upgrade to known near term technology road map transitions. And as I already said in the DRAM world we exit this year even with a significant level of spending but probably 450,000 wafer starts per month of capacity at 3x or above and in the NAND flash world we probably exit his year with maybe 500,000 wafer starts per month of capacity at 20 nanometer or above. So there are known upgrade pause of near-term significance and those are both opportunities that on their own represent the same type of spending level that exists in calendar 14. Thats how I think though sustainability. I dont spend much time trying to correlate the spending of customer this year which is intended to support revenues next year and beyond with the revenues of this year, I have never understood that.
Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Douglas Bettinger: Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Mahesh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok  Needham & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So I have a question regarding your comment I heard that you talk about logic be more back half this year I was wondering is that to do with more to do with your share gain in the logic space or is it the customer is not ramping investment. I am just trying to get some color on that.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah, I mean my comment was around our shipments being a little more back end back half loaded. I think WFE and this kind of eye balling it here right now is maybe a little bit back half loaded. Its not significant headwind but it is a little second-half weighted and memory conversely is little bit front weighted.
Martin Anstice: So we have an assumption that in about a $13 billion foundry WFE is the first-half at six and the second-half at seven.
Edwin Mok  Needham & Company: Just to clarify it on the logical foundry or both there is  I thought you mentioned in logics specially, just give me a little bit update?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, that was foundry and in the world of microprocessor and other logic we are to Dougs points reasonably balanced.
Edwin Mok  Needham & Company: I see, okay, great, thanks for clarifying that. And then any further update you can provide on the Clean products I understand you have it in the marketplace now and you probably start to get customer data on that any update on that when you expect [inaudible] share of the product and how do we start to think about that as potentially a growth driver for you guys.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, the first update is we still have one. The second update is we have really nice engagement with the three customers we have talked about I think we have been very pleased with the kind of validation, the productivity, the reliability of these systems some really can performance in fact I would say we saw that up and the performance we had in start-ups has surpassed expectations frankly for products of this maturity. So thats really good. The process learning is kind of the focus of the company in the second-half of the year and thats why everything comes together because now are delivering results from a wafer and you are yield, validated yield improvements for the customer. So thats kind of a critical phase and we have kind of pulled from two further customers and I believe we are scheduled for shipments in the September quarter for the second too who will receive the early our next generation clean system. So I feel as good as we could at this point but I would kind of register that obviously there is a significant amount of process learning ahead of us and as far as modeling is concerned, Ill remind you that although in percentage terms the clean market share growth plans are the largest in the company. They are the 5% to 10% clean market share over the timeline 316 and 317. There also the market share growth plans which are most hockey stick. So in your modeling please dont linearize the growth of the company in clean.
Edwin Mok  Needham & Company: Great. Thats all I have. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you very much. Martin, in one of your comments and I think to one another question, you talked about how unpredictable it is to get the timing of pilot to high-volume manufacturing. Maybe as it relates to 3D NAND, as you mentioned that youre seeing more planar conversions in the second half of the year. How fungible, how balance can you be if the customers decide to accelerate 3D NAND versus doing planar conversion how do you react to any of those type of changes?
Martin Anstice: Well, as we articulated there is  I mean we have a great participation in both of them but we have higher share in 3D NAND than we do Planar and we have a significantly greater SAM in 3D than we do in Planar as well. So, I mean the consequence of acceleration of 3D NAND is we got a lot more output leaving factories which means we need to be proactive, ensuring we got capacity in factories to build things. We got capacity in supply chain to buy things and we got capacity in the field service organization to install systems. So because of the uncertainty we end up kind of running a level of kind risk management and has some level of cost in the company we try to keep it manageable but there is a cost to uncertainty. And what we clearly got to do is be able to execute because we put a lot of time, effort and money into creating the opportunity to outperform and so we got to be resource sufficiently to execute it. As best I can tell, in every, every one of the four NAND flash today has invested in some level of planar scaling and also 3D NAND expansion and every one of them has some fairly specific plans of substance emerging in the back half of this year and obviously calendar 15. And I do expect the calendar 15 is obviously a big year for demonstrated performance and cost benefits of the 3D device.
Patrick Ho  Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thats helpful. Maybe a question for Doug. In terms of the services opportunity that you talked about at the Analyst Day. What are some of levers for both the cost of goods line as well as on OpEx line as it relates to services business that will help you keep the corporate margins where they are or at least at their targeted model?
Douglas Bettinger: Patrick we had  really the slide that I had, I am sure that showed out performance in terms of top line growth from that services business. I mean that success there is comprehended in that model. So  and I think you know typically the gross margin a little bit lower in that business but the operating income is actually quite good. So the success of that part of business is comprehended in those financials models that we 
Martin Anstice: So Ill add one thing and that is a commentary on mix. So and this is kind of where the rubber meets the road in terms of economy of the company. If our focus is on percentage of profitability than selling more upgrades to customers is the right answer because the upgrades business of the company is very highly profitable business for the company in relative terms. But the downside of that is its a much lower door than on original equipment sales. So, we try to focus on the long term financial performance which means doing what is right for the customer in the long term is the guiding principle. So, were not going to  flow between new system sales and upgrades on a win trying to manage percentage versus dollars. Were going to do the right thing for the customer relative to straight off. Thats an important lever but one that responds to the needs of the customers more than it does a particular orientation of the company.
Carol Raeburn: Operator we have time for one more call.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Sandip [inaudible] with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the call. As we think about a potentially large migration of end customer business from one big foundry to another next year what level of capacity build do you expect to see over the next 12 to 18 months and what portion of it would be new greenfield capacity versus upgrades to existing capacity particularly in 14 nanometer FinFET? And as follow up to that, given the competition in foundry has increased dramatically do you think there is a chance of an overbuild of foundry capacity near term?
Martin Anstice: I am going to start with the back end of your question first. I think there is tremendous discipline and I dont think there is a material risk of over capacity. And my frame of reference to that is thats 28 nanometer technology nodes there is probably 350,000 waters starts of installed capacity. And even with the competitive environment that you just described I believe that by the end of this year the sum of the 28 nanometer Planar and first generation FinFET 1614 is going to be in the range of 120,000 to 140,000 water starts capacity. So its doesnt feel like its anywhere close to a high kind of risk profile. In answer to your question how much capacity to get there, thats a little hard to tell but frankly speaking most of the last three years have seen capacity editions in one node or another at foundries all around about 100,000 water start per month level. And certainly I would expect that to be directionally relevant for calendar 15 maybe a little stronger. And as we mentioned many times because of the multi patterning effects of the company and the positioning in terms of share we shared some out performance potential in that context.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Sandip.
Carol Raeburn: That concludes our call for today. Thank you for joining us. A webcast of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website this afternoon. That concludes our comment. Good bye.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder that does conclude todays call and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2014 Quarterly Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead maam.
Shanye Hudson: Great, thank you Vince. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During todays call we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the March 2014 quarter and our outlook for the June 2014 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services a little after 1 PM this afternoon and can also be found on the Investor Relations section of the companys website, along with the presentation slides that accompany todays call. Todays presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes including our guidance. A more thorough list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide deck accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical in-fact are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosures in our public filings, including our 10-K and 10-Qs. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Todays discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in todays earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM Pacific time and as always we ask that you limit questions to one per firm with a very brief follow-up such that we can accommodate as many questions as possible. As a reminder, a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. Finally I would like to announce plans to host our investor and analyst event on Tuesday, July the 8th. This event will be held in San Francisco in conjunction with the SEMICON West Industry Conference. You can expect to see further details in the coming weeks on our Investor Relations website. With that I will turn the call over to you Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Shanye and good afternoon everyone. Ill start todays call by sharing highlights from the quarter and then update you with a short commentary on the industry environment before concluding with our perspective on Lams opportunities and progress against our growth objectives. Then Doug will summarize our financial results and provide guidance for the June quarter. Lam Research is off to a really great start in 2014, hence were pleased to report another quarter of strong execution across key areas of the business. We delivered great financial performance in the March quarter with results topping the mid-points of our guided ranges across all metrics and meeting or exceeding our long-term models in absolute terms as well as in timing. Our business models are focused on driving profitable growth. Consistent with expectations we grew revenue by 10% sequentially and grew operating income nearly twice that pace with excellent cash from operations performance at 24% of revenues. We are very busy with new technology and product release activities taking advantage of industry transitions and increasing support from our key customers. We continue to solidify to solidly gain traction across each of our targeted market segments and enjoy increasing market share in etch and deposition, both a claim recently endorsed by independent industry research. In 3D NANDs production qualifications are underway for our high productivity dielectric deposition platform, our latest generation dielectric etcher and our tungsten extreme fill tool. These transistors are defined by uniformally depositing alternating films using our PECVD system. Next these transistors are connected by precisely etching a very high aspect ratio down through the entire film stack using our dielectric etch tool. Finally that hole is filled with tungsten using our CVD system which electrically connects the transistors in the device. Essentially from selections made by our customers every critical step in the all-important transistor formation in 3D NAND is addressed by Lam equipments. In DRAM, contemplating our strong etch position in the area of multi-patterning we secured production application wins with our dielectric ALD tool for 20 nanometer technology node. Importantly we have demonstrated the ability to achieve our customers stringent uniformity requirements without compromising productivity. In the area of advanced packaging we were successful with two new systems, two new customers for our 3D copper electric planting tools thus extending our lead in copper fill. And in our clean business we have leading edge joint development activity now with three leading device manufacturers to evaluate our next generation clean system and were pleased to report that one of these systems has been released for production for multiple front end line applications. While were still in the early stages of assessing these tools production capabilities we are of course encouraged by our early progress and remain optimistic about the opportunity ahead. We continue to focus on delivering technology and productivity solutions that enhance the value we offer to our customers. The ability to do so correlates directly to our long standing focus on unit process excellence, customer trust and industry collaboration leadership which we believe are differentiators of substance for our company. This differentiation is more important and more valuable than ever in an environment which is being impacted by the scale of customer and the equipments industry consolidation at the same time that customers are demanding very best supports to their most complex and pressing technical challenges. We believe the results we report today further illustrates how customers are demonstrating their commitment to Lam as a technology and productivity solutions partner for their most critical challenges and inflections. Turning now to our industry outlook, we continue to forecast wafer fabrication equipment spending at approximately $32 billion in calendar 2014. The headline here is weve seen some strengthening in DRAM largely with multi-patterning and technology conversion, some slight delays in 3D NANDs to our earlier expectations and a sustained commitment in logic and foundry to 20 nanometer and FinFET adoptions and multi-patterning integration schemes. Starting with the NAND segments we saw very strong investments in the March quarter, both for Planar and 3D NAND devices. We continue to expect WFE spend for Planar devices will represent the majority of spending this year and remain relatively steady as customers transition to the sub-20 nanometer technology node. Specific to 3D NAND the timing of second generation device ramps appears now more likely to extend into early 2015 for some. As a result we now estimate that the cumulative amount of 3D NAND shipped capacity exiting 2014 to be at the bottom end of our prior range of 80,000 to 100,000 wafer starts per month. This shift has not impacted our outlook for 2014 NAND supply bid growth which remains essentially in the lower 40% range. In DRAM we saw an acceleration of investment plans in the March quarter to convert capacity to the mid-2x and 20 nanometer nodes. We expect similar DRAM investments to continue through the balance of calendar 2014, for Lam, more than offsetting the delays I just mentioned in 3D NAND. As a result we have maintained our projections for memory WFE spend in a range of $12 billion to $13 billion in 2014. Finally, in both the foundry and broader logic segments our outlook remains pretty consistent with what we outlined in our January call. Although it seems there is a perpetual debate around pulls and pushes, the ramp plans for 20 nanometer foundry and 14 nanometer logic appear from our perspective to be progressing largely as expected through the first half of this year and we started to see initial pilot capacity installation for foundry FinFET. Overall we estimate that approximately 25% of total WFE investments this year will be directly associated with inflection technologies including 3D NAND, FinFET devices for foundries, multi-patterning and advanced packaging. Our customers are motivated to transition to these next generation devices because they can offer a competitive advantage in their markets in cost and/or outperformance. Again, based on the importance of these technology inflections and the current pace of pilot and production ramps were still projecting overall WFE spending within a $32 billion range. We assume spending is relatively balanced between halfs with memory investments slightly stronger in first half and logic foundry slightly stronger in the second half of this calendar year. For Lam, we believe we are well-positioned with these inflections and have the opportunity to outpace the industry growth once again in calendar 2014 as our customers begin to transition to these devices. More, if we execute to our plan this outperformance should accelerate as a greater proportion of total spending relates to these inflections in the next two to three years. Further adoption of multi-patterning schemes is a sizable cornerstone of sustainable growth to the company. We are continuing to benefit from the ongoing investments in leading etch foundry capacity. However these trends may be most pronounced currently in the DRAM segments. With the transition to the 20 nanometer node, the number of multi-patterning passes increases from four or so steps at the 25 nanometer node to 15 or 20 steps at 20 nanometer. These critical applications play to our leadership position in conductor etch and have supported equipment bias. We are already benefiting from the initial 3D NAND production bias and have further strengthened our development share positions which bodes well for the company as other NAND manufacturers commence technology transition to 3D devices in volume next year and beyond. In addition, LAMs exposure to each of the industry segments is more balanced today than ever in the companys history. In the last 18 months we strengthened memory positions for deposition products particularly NAND positions and ALD technology broadly. We have also fortified positions for etch in microprocessor and foundry both. Noteworthy, across the sum of our product portfolio in calendar 2014 I believe our global market share in foundry is expected to be within five percentage points of our market share in memory. In addition, year-over-year 2014 versus 2013 our logic shipments market share, including microprocessor, general purpose logic and packaging is likely to increase by 10 percentage points, approximately two-thirds coming from deposition and one-third from etch. At the end of the day we believe Lam exited 2013 having gains two to three points of ships market share in etch and point or so in deposition with essentially no change to our positions in claim. In a world that at times offers confusing or conflicting industry claims on growth and market share perhaps there is no more fundamental measure than relative revenue growth. In that regards we established an industry benchmark in calendar 2013 with year-on-year revenue growth that outpaced the industry and all of our primarily direct competitors by a significant market. We are increasingly confident in our product positioning and particularly the support we are receiving from customers at this time. In addition to the beneficial deposition and etch market expansion opportunities available for the long-term, particularly with multi-patterning and 3D transitions we are poised to gain another one to two percentage points of shipped share in both etch and deposition this year. Our strong performance within the quarter and outlook underscore Lams unique value and growth opportunity we believe. We are executing at a high level and believe our customers are very invested in Lam addressing their most critical challenges long term. With that I will turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Thank you Martin. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you today when I know is a busy earnings day for all of you. And Ill reiterate a little bit of what Martin said. We are starting 2014 with some very positive momentum. We continue to execute on our growth plans and to deliver solid performance very much in line with our financial model. Shipments for the March quarter again hit an all-time high. We achieved record revenues for the fourth consecutive quarter. Operating income continued to outpace revenue growth this quarter by almost double the rate. Gross margin came in towards to the upper end of our expectations. Earnings per share exceeded the high end of our guidance and we clearly demonstrated the cash generation ability of our business model by more than doubling our operational cash flow on a sequential basis. Shipments in the March quarter were $1.264 billion, which is up more than 10% compared to the December quarter and again above the midpoint of our guidance range. Memory shipments continued at a healthy pace. Relative to our expectations at the beginning of the quarter DRAM upside compensated for slightly softer NAND spending. The combined memory segment represented 66% of total system shipments, about flat in percentage terms with the December quarter. Of that NAND shipments contributed 36% The build out of initial 3G NAND production capacity made up a large portion of NAND shipments in the March quarter. I would point out however that we still expect planar NAND node conversion spending to represent the majority of NAND investments for the full year. DRAM shipments were 30% of system shipments. These shipments were targeted at 25 nanometer conversions and initial 20 nanometer pilot production. We are benefitting disproportionately in this area due to our strong market position in multiple patterning applications. Foundry shipments were 28% of total system shipments, flat on a percentage basis compared to last quarter. However in total dollar terms up sequentially by nearly 15%. In addition to ongoing capacity expansion for the 20 nanometer node we are starting to see shipments for FinFET pilot production. And finally logic and other shipments comprised 6% of total system shipments which was down from 8% in the prior quarter. Revenue for the March quarter was $1.227 billion, representing a 10% increase from the December quarter. We saw revenue growth significantly above 10% sequentially in both etch and deposition driven by share expansion in the memory space. March quarter gross margin came at a little better than expected at 45.5% and again was in-line with our financial model. And I will just remind you that we expect to see quarterly variability in our gross margin performance based on multiple factors such as product mix, customer mix and business volumes. We continue to manage our operating expenses which were within expectations for the March quarter at $311 million. This spending was 25% of revenue compared to 27% of revenue in the December quarter. We remain focused on driving efficiencies in SG&A in order to enhance funding for strategic R&D investments. R&D grew to 60% of total operating expenses in the March quarter while we slightly lowered SG&A expenses. The incremental R&D spending supported areas like the 3D copper electroplating, ALD and tungsten CVD that Martin mentioned earlier. We delivered solid operating income in the March quarter at $248 million, which was up 19% from the $209 million in the December quarter. Our operating margin came in at 20.2% near the high end of our guidance range, again reflecting leverage in our model. The tax rate for the March quarter was approximately 12% .I expect the rate to hold steady in the low to mid-teens for the balance of the fiscal year. And the resulting earnings per share for the quarter came in at $1.26 exceeding our expectations. Majority of the upside is attributable to our operating performance and to a lesser extend a more favorable tax rate. Our earnings per share were based on a share count of roughly 172 million shares. The share count includes the dilutive effect of 6.8 million shares from the 2041 convertible note. And let me just remind you that the schedule for this note is posted on our investor relations website to assist you with your modeling. We generated very strong cash from operations in the March quarter at $290 million which was about 24% of revenue. Our operational cash generation more than doubled from the $129 million in the December quarter due to a very strong focus on collections [Technical Difficulty] repurchased approximately 930,000 shares of common stock. At year-end we had completed about $186 million or approximately 75% of our current $230 million authorization at an average cumulative share price of $15.19. We are anticipating share purchase under authorization in near term. You should expect us to update you on our long plans in this area as we complete this authorization. We remained committed to a prudent return of available cash to our shareholders. So now let me turn to balance sheet. We ended the quarter with gross cash and short term investments including our restricted cash of $2.9 billion. This compares with $2.7 billion in the December quarter. We had deferred revenue of $432 million which does not include $57 million of shipments to Japanese customers which will convert to revenue in future quarters. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the June quarter. We expect shipments of $1.150 billion plus or minus $50 million. We expect revenue of $1.240 billion plus or minus $50 million. Our expectation for gross margin is 46% plus or minus one percentage point. We are forecasting operating margins of 20% plus or minus one percentage point. And finally we forecast earnings per share of $1.21 plus or minus $0.07 based on a flattish share count of approximately 172 million shares. Based on our current outlook we expect our shipment profile to be relatively balanced between the first and second half perhaps with a slide bias towards a little bit stronger first half. We are seeing a slight pause in shipments during the middle part of this year. Consistent with the prior remarks we would expect variability quarter-to-quarter given our consolidated customer base and the ongoing uncertainties about the scope and timing of investments for next generation devices. Operator that concludes my prepared remarks. Martin and I would be pleased to take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Farhan Rizvi: Hi, thanks for taking my question. This is for Farhan asking the question on behalf of John. I was just wondering like you talked about your multi-patterning opportunity and it seems like there is a huge growth for you going from 25 nanometer to 20 nanometer. I wanted to know relative to the previous guidance that you have provided at the analyst day, how do you see your SAM growth in terms of percentage on a per wafer basis when you go from 25 nanometer to 20 nanometer DRAM?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, we dont  we dont actually kind of get to precisely answer that question in the context for SAM expansion of the company obviously includes the DRAM transition but there is kind of much more to SAM expansion than that but I guess at a very high level, if you look at the inflection in DRAM from the mid 2x node to 20 nanometer we would expect SAM expense in the 30% to 40% range. And a big part of that obviously relates to patterning and as best we can tell and I think todays results are a decent amount of evidence so that the share momentum for the company is positive. But the headline I would ask you keep in mind is that inflection sits in the context of 4 or 5 and the total SAM expansion opportunity for the company is in a $1 billion range.
Farhan Rizvi: Got it and thank you. And then talking about the shipment mix in terms of your June quarter, how do you see different mix by different segments?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah, I mean obviously regarding this is Doug by the way, we are guiding shipments down a little bit. Within that your memory is down a little bit, NAND probably down and DRAM is actually flat to slightly up. Logic is up a little bit and foundry is flattish, may be flattish to slightly down.
Farhan Rizvi: Thank you. Thats all I have.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Covello: Great guys good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. Can you talk a little bit about the breadth of the DRAM activity is it just one or two guys or is it the more than one person who is driving the changes there?
Martin Anstice: Well there arent so many customers left in our world, so
James Covello: I guess really is the just one or is it two?
Martin Anstice: No, its more than one. So there is I mean there is a decent amount of conversion activity happening today and my expectation Jim is that there is probably in the range of 500,000 wafer starts of DRAM conversion going to take place in the calendar year kind of all in. And that will mean that we kind of if you place out that way they will still be in the range of 400,000 wafer starts at capacity at kind of 3x or greater, in terms of kind of technology node. So a decent amount of conversion but at the end of the year even with that assumption there is still a fair amount of capacity still adds 3x or above.
James Covello: That ultimately could still be converted next year right?
Martin Anstice: Exactly.
James Covello: And on the 3D NAND, is your view there that the reason that that the changes you are seeing in that market is that because of yield on those products or is it because may be we already have what we need for NAND right now before we add any more, whats the color on what the changes are being driven by?
Martin Anstice: Yeah its obviously a question that at the end of the day the customers you want to really answer. I am sure everything that has been written is probably relevant in some way to this. I mean there is continues to be evidence of really good discipline in terms of supply and demand balance in memory period and thats really NAND as much as it is in the DRAM. As weve talked about a number of times the transition from planar to 3D technology in Flash memory is extremely challenging and clearly this is the year where our customers are making in varying levels of commitments investments in that evaluation and obviously there is one kind of big I thats a step ahead in terms of their commitments. But frankly as best we can tell everybody is in investing at some level beginning to evaluate the technology. And the commentary from customers today is very similar to the commentary a year or so ago, there is up to a kind of two to three year timeline associated to transitions to 3D device depending on the customer. But I am sure the complexity of building a device, yielding a device delivering performance in a device and to the committed discipline of customers to only add capacity when it is matched by demand are all relevant in answering your question.
James Covello: Really helpful, thanks so much, good luck.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of American. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, great thanks for taking my question. I had two quick ones, one Martin I noticed that in your etch market segments when you talk about  you mostly focus on dielectric etch, kind of curious, is the incremental opportunity mostly in dielectric etch because which youre kind of maxed out, you already have a high conductor etch it or is there something else going on?
Martin Anstice: Well by virtue of market share in dielectric etch being lower than conductor etch I would all say that the opportunity again is greater. I would not agree that we are maxed out in conductor etch, I mean we have a set of business objectives to grow in all segments of our business thats clearly more difficult when you have a very strong leadership position but its not impossible. And frankly were making investments to grow both of etch but we have been approximately a 35% market share company for some time in dielectric and as Ive talked about a number of times, particularly evidenced by market share momentum in memory already and were seeing some really nice signs of pick-up in support from customers in logic emerging as well. I believe we have a product to this point that is very competitive and for the first time in the long time I think were very optimistic about the growth potential in dielectric.
Krish Sankar: Great, thats very helpful and then a quick follow up, just in terms of the capital investment obviously you have a lot of free cash oversea and looks like you guys got investment grade status recently. So Im kind of curious whats your appetite for debt, getting on debt as of this point given that you have a delicate balance between debt and the investment grade status?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah, Krish were working our way through the current buyback authorizations. Thats what were going to do until thats completed at which point well develop a new plan and communicate to you what were going to do. I wouldnt tell you that raising debt is completely off the table but I think well be able to develop a pretty good plan and have a pretty good cash return opportunity without doing that. But having said that we still have an ability to take debt on if we choose to do so, havent made the decision yet.
Krish Sankar: That is terrific, thanks a lot guys.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Krish.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you for taking my question and solid job on the quarterly execution. As a follow up to Jims question, the equipment spenders have been fairly limited in the first half but with your balance kind of first half second half outlook, do you also see a pipeline of more customers and program spending in the second half versus the first half? On the NAND side as you mentioned you know youve got the transition the 15 nanometer planar by one or two of your customers, youve got 20 nanometer DRAM transitions and an initial ramp-up of 16 nanometer FinFET by foundry customers. Does that spender base continue to broaden into the second half?
Martin Anstice: Absolutely yes, I think in every segment thats a true statement. We, as I mentioned in the question from Jim, concentration is in efforts of the high  but the first quarter of our year is the most concentrated. Were about 70% of our outlook to three guys and that three guy reference point probably drops to the 60% level, 50%, 60% level for the rest of the year. So macro level definitely more diversity at a specific level NAND transition more participant in second half to first half for sure, DRAM pretty stable while the foundry is definitely opening in the second half of the year and I think thats very consistent with kind of the comments from TSNC around their concentration spending in the first half. And the microprocessor world obviously is overwhelmed in investment terms at least by one customer and their strategy which cannot play that last year in a big way is still very relevant to them but original equipment bias in emerging theme as we step through the year for them.
Harlan Sur: Great and then solid job on the operating margin expansion in the March quarter and holding it here in the June quarter. Obviously the team had a lot of new development initiatives ongoing. As WFE spending growth plays rather as you would expect how should we think about the OpEx profile as the year enfolds off of the June quarter base?
Martin Anstice: I think the most important guiding principle is were not going to compromise a long-term success of a company for a kind of a short-term if any. But having said that were not sitting here today with a belief that we have kind of fundamental disconnects between investment levels and opportunities. Always theres an appetite to do more and to spend more and I wouldnt expect us to look very different frankly from the rest of the capital equipment given in terms of increasing investments in the year. I think more or less we track together today, none of us are really kind of shocking in terms of disproportionate increases or decreases in investment.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah and Harlan if you do the math on the guide for the June quarter youll know that spending is picking up a bit. Its the timing of our annual merit cycle as well as new equity grants I wouldnt you shouldnt expect that to occur again for the remainder of this year, thats an annual pipeline so thats the reason for step up right now I wouldnt expect that to continue.
Harlan Sur: Okay. [Technical Difficulty] qualitative mentioned you expect a little more bias of foundries in second half of this year, well obviously do you see spending of 30 nanometers or do you see on the next generation of 16 nanometer in the coming year?
Martin Anstice: Thats really [Technical Difficulty. So Ill try and triangle it for you a little bit. I do believe for the year that the 20 nanometer and investments all represent only 80% or so ending and I do believe that for the year there were  20 nanometer investments to FinFET investments probably kind of 60:40 something in that range. So youre going to have to work with that because I dont that I expect specificity at the half level to kind of take you beyond that at this time.
Harlan Sur: No its fair enough. You mentioned that you got some new clean products out in the market place that you are trying to get some attraction back in that area. Should we look at 2014 as kind of the ceding year and 2015 as the year where you expect to generate some more revenues and market share gains in that business segment?
Martin Anstice: Yeah I think its fair to say that, the whole of the plans of the company is the one in the long-term thats the more hockey sticks and thats a byproduct of being disadvantaged in a couple of ways in the last three or four years we were not competitive in terms of productivity. We believe we now are. We have a 16 chamber configuration which has mechanical throughput capabilities that I think are very competitive and the process and chamber offerings weve designed to allow us to participate in the front end of the line clean segment in ways that we were not able to historically. But as I will always state getting penetration in a segment of the industry which is not feature creating. Its all about yield obviously, is a very tough proposition and we respect our competition enormously. So this is a very important year for us, no question and we exit the year with one of two products, either a lot of confidence around the plans of the company and spending level consistent with that or a redefinition of the outlook for the business but we certainly as we sit here today the customer engagement is very positive and in fact were getting kind of more pulls than were actually satisfying today. Couple of customers are interested in the product and were holding back a little until we validated some of the offering in the existing engagements.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. A couple of things guys first of all Martin I wanted to fit what you said about a pause in mid-year, you said theres going to be pause in mid-year but then you also talked about shipments being only a little bit front half loaded this year. So I guess you probably dont want to give guidance for calendar Q3 but that would sort of imply that the September shipments are not going to come down much if they come down at all, thats the first question and then I had a follow up.
Martin Anstice: Your assumption is right, Im not going to give guidance on September and good try though. The answer obviously for September is by product not just of June but also December and so really is kind of early for me to be calling a quarter at this point. I would not expect September to be up. I think it will be about flattish or down a little. But I might be wrong and theres a lot of weeks between now and the real kind of decision point I think relates to September and December uncertainty. At a revenue level, again its an imperfect science for us to be articulating a view for the calendar year but I would say that our expectation is that second half quarters  if we are going to track to this $32 billion WFE number, that we believe is the case, the second half quarters will have a revenue level thats kind of plus or minus $100 million of the average of the first two quarters of this year. So thats our kind of reference point for the second half as we see it today in revenues and obviously some part of that is answering your question because revenues are byproduct of shipments.
Timothy Arcuri: Perfect, awesome. As always, thanks for that. And then, just a question more for Doug. So clearly, you guys were taking a lot of WFE share this year. If I go back to the slide you put out at SEMICON West and you have your long-term financial model, you are basically at $5 billion revenue run rate right now and gross margin 46%, operating margin 22%. So you are pretty already at your 2015, 2016 model. So is this your sort of one-time mix issues that helped too in December and March or should we think that there is headroom to that model particularly given the huge second generation 3D NAND you have? Thanks.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Tim, I am not changing that model as we sit here today. We are not quite at that $5 billion. Its kind of high fours. And part of the margin improvement from where we are today, we are a little bit shy of that 22% and approaching the revenue level prior to its time in terms of maturing products and getting everything ramped in manufacturing. Could there be headroom? Maybe, but, its too early to call it right now. SEMICON and our Analysts Day are too far away. We may be updating some things for you them, but there is time for that now.
Martin Anstice: So, just to kind of supplement to that, I would say a couple of things. It isnt kind of mix thing and just looks good for the quarter. I mean there are very fundamental, SAM expansion opportunities that are relevant to our company. As I said a number of times, I dont think, there is a better positions company in the equipment space by virtue of what we have in the product portfolio and what we dont in the product portfolio to exploit four or five inflections. I think we are at the right place, at time with the right products. The patterning expansion is very real and as I mentioned in the last call, we were positively surprised by the scale and scope of that in DRAM and were only just at the beginning of it in the kind of Logic kind of rollout and all of commentary that I read at least says that, that opportunity is an increasing opportunity and substance for us through at least the 10 nanometer technology node and the longer that installed base gets positioned, the more challenging the intercept points are easy relative to kind of greenfield trade off. So thats a very real opportunity. I think, one thing to keep in mind in terms of calling it too early or calling it too late in terms of whether we revise models is, lets not forget the intensity of the conversation from the customer on cost, right. One of the most important complexities that we have to walk through as an industry and as a company in the next number of years, all of these inflections are getting more expensive, right. Capital intensity almost in every transition is either not going down as much as it used to or quite the reverse, its going up. And so, we have tremendous SAM expansion opportunities. We are at least flat or positive in market share in these transitions, but the industry and part of the industry is going to see increasing pressure I am sure over the next several years as this goes from kind of pilot and technology evaluation in the case of 3D NAND into ultimately HVM manufacturing. But may be kind of finish off the thoughts, lets just kind of go back to first principles. In our last Analyst Meeting, we articulated [Technical Difficulty] to our market share we are about a 40% market share company in the segments that we compete, about a 50% share company in etch, mid 30% in deposition and high teens, low 20s in clean. And through the decisions that customers have made to-date, we believe that our market share around the inflections exceeds the 50% level. So, lets say kind of 10 point increase in market share before and after inflections. And so, one of the most important headlines for everybody across the company is, if we continue to execute and that isnt easy, the challenge from competitors and expectations from customers are incredibly demanding, but if we execute to the plans of the company, the result is that, the outperformance you are seeing today is going to accelerate as a greater proportion of spending of customers is associate with these inflections and thats not a guidance statement, thats a statement of understanding and belief. We have got a lots of work to do to pull that off but thats what this company is focused on executing.
Timothy Arcuri: Wonderful, Martin. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Sorry for the long answer, but I felt like time for me to make that statement.
Douglas Bettinger: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Out next question is from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Weston Twigg: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just real quickly wanted to ask a little bit more about shareholders expectations. It sounds like you do have some level of conviction in a rebound in the second half largely weighted towards foundry. But, Im just wondering related to FinFET from the conversations you are having with your customers, does it feel to you that they are really moving full steam ahead or that there seemed to be some risk or some hesitation perhaps to second half spend and just kind of gauging a level of conviction on that spend.
Martin Anstice: I sense conviction. It seems a very important transition for established community I think a lot of the date around custom performance for the 20 nanometer node tends to suggest that there are significant opportunities for performance improvements on both of those definitions in a FinFET device and architecture and not surprisingly its a very competitive space for the foundry. So at least as far as the interactions that I have, there is a lot of conviction to be successful through this inflection.
Weston Twigg: Okay, good. And then just a similar question on 3D NAND, now you are indicating that there may be 80,000 wafer starts might be installed by the end of the year. And Im just wondering if you think there will be may be more downside risk or upside potential to that number at this point?
Martin Anstice: Really hard to tell. I dont know that there is a lot of either frankly and I dont think there is a tremendous amount of downside because the 80,000 wafer start level that is a pretty minimalist investment in the industry to evaluate that technology. And its a critical period for evaluating that technology. I think every NAND customer is talking about evaluating the technology and they have their own timelines and own roadmaps in terms of HVM adoption. But I dont think any one of the NAND flash memory customers can afford to be only outside looking a technology transition. They will make their own choices about what the right point of intercept is, how many layers in a device makes sense in terms of cost comparisons, but I sense there is very minimal downside to the number that we have shared today.
Weston Twigg: Okay. Good. Very helpful. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Weston.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Thank you very much. Martin, just want to follow up on your SAM expansion with multiple patterning comment. The conventional wisdom has that with multiple patterning lithography expands the most. But looking at your results and comparing, it looks like you are benefiting a lot more than some of your competitors for some of your segments. Is there something we are missing here? Is that something in the technology that is helping you more than others in terms of SAM expansion in multiple patterning?
Martin Anstice: Well, I think the  I dont know if there is anything that you are missing. You just described the substance, the opportunity, the strength of the companys position in etch and deposition both and the specific integration scheme in DRAM is very beneficial to us. And certainly with the predominance of investments in DRAM except for kind of patterning probably being upgrade related, youre going to see a bias and a waiting to the etch and deposition space by the very nature of that scheme.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. And then the second follow up on your clean tool is the opportunity or the veneer or gearing, is it specific to  is it more towards foundry logic or its memory can you give us little bit more color on where you are and what kind of results you are getting by device?
Martin Anstice: Its the engagement is memory and logic both, the win is memory. And the win is front end of line which is an important kind of test for us because thats the area of the Single Wafer Clean segment there we had been least competitive in the last three to four years. So I feel that it is an important statement from a customer but its one. And that is not the definition of success, definition of success is establishing market share leadership in all of the products of our company and were not there yet by a long way.
Mahesh Sanganeria: All right thats very helpful. Thank you so much.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Northland Capital Markets. Please go head.
Benedict Pang: Thanks for taking my question. On your 32 billion WFE if I understand you correctly the only thing thats changed on your forecast from the beginning of the year to now is that 3D NAND is lower and DRAM is higher but foundry is pretty much the same, is that right?
Martin Anstice: More or less, yeah I mean there is plus or minus $100 million here there but thats the headline.
Benedict Pang: Okay. And whats the lead time for your products right now for just the dep and etch?
Martin Anstice: Well the expectation from the customers typically is they place an order today and get the product tomorrow. And just occasionally we get somewhat close to that. But the typical lead times for the products in our segments are going to be inside of a quarter. And then sometimes there will be less than eight weeks and sometimes more than eight weeks. And one of the important transitions for us in clean one of the reasons why going to next generation clean is so important to us is the lead times on the clean systems are the longest in our company today, with be old generation and new generation they will be very competitive with the deposition and etch portfolio. So we are much shorter lead time play than the bulk of them if thats your question.
Benedict Pang: Okay, is it fair to characterize the majority of the business in a quarter, is it trans business there?
Martin Anstice: We turn a decent amount of our business absolutely in the quarter and thats through from order placement to shipments and shipments to revenue. We can run shipment revenue turns of 60%.
Benedict Pang: Perfect, thank you very much, good quarter.
Martin Anstice: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International Group. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Martin during the January conference call you were talking about the 20 nanometer foundry to be more of the first half and then 16, 14 since that kicking it in the second half. But todays commentary suggests that may be there is a little bit of 20 nanometer foundry push out into the second half since you described 20 nanometer as 60% of the foundrys spend. Could you clarify or reconcile the January commentary with todays commentary and I have a follow up.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, No, I didnt say 20 nanometer was 60% of foundry spending, I said in the relationship between 20 nanometer and FinFET investment there will be a 60-40 split. So there is still an investment in foundry at the 28 nanometer node and even a little at 40. So and there are some upgrade and technical node transition as well as original equipment body. So I actually dont think there is much to reconcile here. I think evidenced by the commentary from TSMC about their first half concentration at the 20 nanometer and the plans that the industry has for second half pilot line adoption at least the math that I do today would kind of refresh and repeat what we said in January. I think we just provided more color today but basically the same headline and certainly no message to the investment community about delay.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And then going back to the share gain how should we  should we assume that the share gains coming against the larger competitors that are consolidating or is that against a smaller one, especially DRAM looking at the competitive landscape may be customers would prefer you gaining share because the larger two competitors may be becoming too big. And this I something that keeps coming up in the conference call but your results showed [Technical Difficulty] any industry, any customer and see significant scaling through consolidation of their supply chain is their staff the risk associated with that and absolutely do I see that opportunity for [inaudible] yeah I see that short term opportunity and the long-term opportunity. And so were going to work very hard partnering with customers to make sure that we have the opportunities as a  it doesnt kind of detract from the headline that I shared before which is we take our competition very seriously big, companies, small companies, the companies that survive today are generally very capable and very competent. And so were going to have to kind of keep working as hard as we are and partner with customers and I have every confidence that the partnership of Lam Research and the customer is always going to sustain the economics and story weve characterized today.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it, thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Mehdi.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with ISI Group. Please go head.
C. J. Muse: Yeah hi thanks for taking my question. I guess first question I think you talked about second half being slightly down than first half and I was hoping to see if you can put some numbers around, is that around 55:45 or how should I think about that?
Martin Anstice: Yeah its pretty well balanced C.J. its high 40s, low 50s, its plus or minus our forecasting ability on this so I would call it flattish C.J.
C. J. Muse: Okay. And then in terms of your relative outperformance at least how I am modeling WFE versus your number what do you think you are seeing in terms of rising capital intensity, etch and deposition this year as well as share gains that youve mentioned on the call as well as the 40 nanometer logic thats coming in? What do you think those three things add for you that other guys are not seeing?
Martin Anstice: Well honestly speaking I dont spend a huge amount of time focused on capital intensity in the way that the industry mentions it because I think its like really misleading. I have no idea what the value of correlating leading investment levels to current year revenues is for the industry and its just a bizarre data point from my perspective. But there is clearly SAM expansion for etch and deposition clean and weve kind of sized that at about the $1 billion level. And there is clearly market share expansion that weve kind of framed multiple times including our analyst meeting and again today. So I believe that the SAM expansion opportunity is bigger than the market share but the market share is pretty big as well. And if we can continue to execute from the positions that weve established weve got a 5 to 10 percentage point gain in share here through these inflections which is a really important headline for the company. And we dont kind of go out there with kind of guidance but I mean connecting the dots that weve described today and weve talked about kind of flattish revenues first half, second half and I try to frame for you the plus and the minus around the average in the second half. In calendar 14 we are targeting to outperform the industry. And I would expect if there is a $32 billion wafer fabrication equipment year which is up may be 10 to 12 percentage points or so, depending on the kind of your baseline, I would expect that our revenues grow year-over-year by approximately 20% and if you do the math on that you are going to kind of answer a lot of your question. And if we execute 20% year-over-year growth that means were focused on targeting upward income growth twice as much as revenues and delivering cash from operations growth twice as much as operating income. And if we do that were going to generate $1 billion cash from operations this year. So thats how it will kind of walks itself through the financial statements, if the $32 billion year prevails.
C. J. Muse: Thats helpful. Thank you, Martin.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Shanye Hudson: And then I think well try to take two more quick questions if we can.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go head.
Edwin Mok: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. So the first question is on if I look at logic out of shipment buckets Ive seen that that has been trending lower over the last few quarters. How do you kind of think about that business is it just a customer not spending there? And I understand I remember a few quarter ago you guys talked about share gain in that area right how you kind of think about long term?
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah I mean Edwin one thing you are right its ticked down a little bit. There is a lot of [Inaudible] go on in the space especially in deposition so thats one of the things that is impacting our shipments. Its not so much that anything has been moving around from the application standpoint is being reused. And obviously you heard me talk about our expectation for June is thats ticking up a little bit and I would expect that probably does that again in December.
Edwin Mok: I see, okay thats helpful. And then talk a little bit about the ALD when you have on a DRAM. Do you see opportunities for ALD and NAND? Thats the first question. Second part, I understand the ALD part is very different from the one that we had seen in a logic side to the extent that what you have done in logic do you think you have option to grow in logic for ALD?
Douglas Bettinger: So I think yes and yes I mean we are going to see emerging opportunities for atomic level control period through traditional scaling and 3D architecture. And the most prominent win that we communicated today to your point is ALD in DRAM that we have active engagements ALD logic, a different dielectric but very active engagements and I would expect that, that continues to be true for us. So a lot of focus and big guys, small guys will try to take share from everybody.
Edwin Mok: All right thanks Doug.
Douglas Bettinger: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yeah, good afternoon. I was hoping that in your slide deck you talked about some wins in events packaging. I am just curious how big advance packaging is today and how do you expect to grow to ramp over the next couple of years?
Edwin Mok: Its the smallest SAM for the company a $150 million something like that and its the fastest growing and it might be the most difficult to predict, I think the 2.5 and 3D in the road map is still subject to some debates. Its something weve clearly prioritized in the company as an important growth opportunity and its being presents with competitive action deposition clean products to pursue that is our objective. But its the smallest of all by a long way and its growing very quickly but from a small base. And now  go ahead sorry.
Tom Diffely: So have you seen the leaders land space or the drivers being more in the memory or the logic side of this point?
Martin Anstice: I think its more a logic play then anything today.
Tom Diffely: Okay. All right, thank you.
Martin Anstice: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Gentlemen at this time Ill turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: Great, thank you. A webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website and on behalf of the entire management team Id like to thank you for joining us here today. We do really appreciate your interest in Lam Research.
Operator: Thank you, maam ladies and gentlemen that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Douglas R. Bettinger - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Benedict Pang - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2013 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Katia. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the December 2013 quarter and our outlook for the March 2014 quarter. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1:00 p.m. this afternoon and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of the company's website, along with the presentation slides accompanying today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes and including our guidance. A more thorough list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover is shown on the slide accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factors in our disclosures and public filings, including our 10-K and 10-Qs. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. So with that, I'll turn the call over to you, Martin.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you, Shanye, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll start by sharing the highlights of 2013 company performance and then discuss our outlook for 2014, which provides our perspective on Lam's opportunities and areas of focus over the next 12 months. Doug will then follow with our financial results and guidance commentary before turning the call to Q&A. 2013 was an extraordinary year for Lam Research that establishes a platform for our future and unifies more than 6,500 global employees around the achievements of an exciting vision. We achieved nearly $4 billion of revenues and delivered in excess of our targeted gross margins for the 2013, 2014 timeframe of approximately 45%, representing an increase of 170 basis points year-over-year. We grew operating profit dollars twice as fast as revenues, illustrating our ongoing focus on strong operational execution and profitable growth. We delivered on time our committed synergy targets, with $100 million in annualized cost savings and approximately $130 million in revenues, both achieved with strong collaboration and ownership across the company. Accelerated by our reenergized commitment to installed base performance, we closed the largest service contract in the company's history, tailored to support a broad range of customer-specific needs. And we defended our positions or gained market share in all of our business units through a period of evermore challenging customer requirements and competitive intensity. Combined, our performance in 2013 enabled us to outpace industry growth by a healthy margin, with system shipments up about 10% year-over-year for Lam and Novellus combined, compared with wafer fabrication equipment spending up around 3% to approximately $29 billion. This 2013 performance demonstrates solid execution against our near term financial models, at a pace that we consider slightly ahead of schedule. As we move into 2014, we're continuing to aggressively pursue opportunities to drive further efficiencies in support of our growth objectives. We continue to position next-generation products targeting increased competitive differentiation and lower cost, both critical for the achievements of next level profit performance defined by our 2015, 2016 financial model. We kicked off a multi-year plan to consolidate our real estate footprints, which we expect will drive incremental operating improvements. These plans also serve to increase the efficiency of our R&D activities and further promote collaboration across the organization, a key differentiator leveraging our culture and core value of customer, company and the individual. We also established comprehensive 3-year plans across our integrated manufacturing and supply chain, which are based on an in-depth assessment of performance over the past 18 months. Our plans are built on our sustained commitments to pilot line and high-volume manufacturing strategic locations and strategic partnerships, outsourcing and localization. We target cost, quality and service benefits through these plans, which serve to increase our focus and strengthen competitive differentiation going forward. In summary, through performance that meets or exceeds commitments made and the establishment of plans for execution for our future vision, 2013 was an extraordinary year and one which we hope serves to continue to compel our full stakeholder community, our shareholders, our customers, our suppliers and last, but not the least, our employees to invest in Lam for the long-term. With our guidance and commentary today, we believe that we are off to a great start this year, and look forward to discussing more with you in the months ahead. Our growth outlook for 2014 is enabled by our customer transition to next-generation logic and memory devices that make the much-anticipated inflections tangible and expanding opportunities for the company as customer adoption broadens through 2015. We continue to forecast 2014 WFE spending of $32 billion, plus or minus $2 billion, with an incrementally broader participation of customers assumed relative to 2013. More than ever, the landscape of this year's investment pattern is influenced by the timing of inflection-specific activities. Although overall, we expect a reasonably balanced year, first half compared to second half, we do see variability quarter-to-quarter, resulting from the influence of a consolidated customer base and remaining uncertainty around the ultimate scope and timing of spending at the 4 inflections: FinFET, 3D NAND, patterning and packaging. In the foundry segments, we saw the pace of 20-nanometer investments accelerate at the end of 2013, signaling a robust commitment in the demand for devices using 20-nanometer technology. As of today, spending is more heavily concentrated between a couple of customers, with capacity additions and conversion activities plans, primarily for the first half of this year. In the recent period, the foundry space has arguably grown more competitive, with new entrants challenging the delineation of traditional pure-play foundries and logic manufacturers. For foundries, the race to develop FinFET devices has led to multiple pilot line projects starting in the first half of this year. We expect those investments to continue through the year with total capacity additions dependent on end-user demand and the pace at which production ramps yield. Taken together, our prior forecast for foundry spending between $13 billion and $14 billion, still seems reasonable for 2014. Similarly, we maintained our forecast for microprocessor and other logic spending of around $6 billion or relatively flat with 2013 levels. Continuing the 2013 theme embedded in our forecast is the expectation that significant leading-edge logic production capacity can be satisfied through equipment reuse and capacity conversions. Looking at the memory markets, we continue to see stable pricing conditions and tight supply entering 2014, with customers who continue to exhibit due rigor in evaluating their capital spending decisions. DRAM manufacturers are accelerating transitions to the mid-2x technology nodes and their broader participation of customers are entering 20-nanometer pilot production. We forecast this supply growth in the low 30% range, led by mobile device demand, and this is accomplished largely through equipment upgrade, albeit, with capital intensity higher than prior generations. In the NAND segments, remaining planar capacity additions seem clear and the initial 3D NAND production ramp is progressing largely in accordance with our expectations. Over time, as the 3D devices move to structures with more layers, our customers appear to anticipate cost and performance benefits that support a broad industry conversion, which underpins their plans this year. We currently project between 80,000 and 100,000 wafer starts of 3D NAND shipped capacity will be installed by the end of calendar 2014. In addition, in recent weeks, 2014 planar NAND investment plans to transition the 16-nanometer devices have solidified for more than one customer. Overall, we still expect supply bit growth to be in the low 40% range. On a combined basis, we forecast memory spending will increase by 10% to 20% year-over-year, with wafer fab spends between $12 billion and $13 billion, representing an increasing proportion of WFE year-over-year at approximately 40% of the total. Adding this all together, our outlook for 2014 wafer fabrication equipment spending, with a midpoint of $32 billion, would represent the fifth consecutive year with relatively healthy and disciplined equipment spending. It's always important to note that visibility beyond this quarter and especially into the second half is clearly more limited than the near term. Where we ultimately end up in our WFE range will largely depend on production readiness and market acceptance of the technology inflections just highlighted. In this positive industry environment, which for Lam, is supplemented by inflection-led addressable market-size expansion and target market share growth, I'm very encouraged by our industry outperform opportunity. With the transition to 3D NAND, we've gained strong production tool decisions, maintaining our lead in etch while driving significant gains in deposition. Our pipeline of new products were key to our success, including our next-generation dielectric etch module, our new highly productive dielectric deposition platform and our differentiated tungsten CVD system. We are well-positioned with each of the 3D NAND pilot lines, we believe, and are focused on achieving, at a minimum, the same degree of success as production tool decisions are finalized. We believe that we have additional opportunities to gain applications through the transition to second and third-generation 3D NAND devices, where the increased number of alternating films also proliferates the complexity of the etch and deposition processes. We're actively engaged with the customers to address those challenges. In the area of multi-patterning, our conductor etch business is benefiting from the increased number of multi-packing steps required with the transition to smaller device geometries. Although device dependent, we see emerging evidence of slightly more than our early estimates of 8 to 10 new multi-packing steps in a 20-nanometer logic device for foundries, compared to a 28-nanometer baseline and the 12 to 13 steps for 16- to 40-nanometer devices. In DRAM, the number of multi-patterning steps more than doubles with the transition to 20-nanometer going from 3 or 4 in a mid-2x device to between 8 and 10 at 20-nanometer, with the same evidence of upsize on number of passes. You should expect more specificity from Lam on this in the coming quarters. This transition also presents growth opportunities for our deposition business. Many of the spacer-based, multi-patterning deposition steps can be done with batch variances [ph] today. However, customers are evaluating or starting to transition these steps to single wafer atomic layer deposition, or ALD tools, as the film conformality and uniformity requirements increased. We're engaged with multiple memory manufacturers with their offside ALD tool and, based on the feedback received so far, believe with continued hard work we are well-positioned for production tool decisions expected this year. In logic, we often talk about the transition to FinFET structures and the complexity around the transistor. However, the complexity in the back-end is growing at a rapidly accelerating pace also. As transistor densities in these devices increase, the wiring schemes required to connect these transistors become more and more complicated. Starting around the 32-nanometer node, customers introduced a metal hard mask x scheme for a couple of wiring layers. The number of layers has grown with each successive node and Lam stands to benefit as the clear market leader for this application. To maintain device reliability and performance, customers began adopting film treatments and other processes that play into a few of Lam's strengths. Our solar, ultraviolet thermal processing tool is the market leader used to improve the integrity of ultra low k films, predominately for leading edge logic devices. The number of layers required in UV cure of low k dielectric films is also increasing with each successive node; again, a positive opportunity for Lam. With thinner and more closely packed films, reliability of top lines is becoming more of a challenge. Lam has developed a unique film pretreatment module which enhances reliability and reduces resistance, a factor in device speed. Our solution was recently selected for next-generation logic devices and we expect to ship production tools through this year. In single-wafer clean, we will have shipped our third next-generation spin clean system as planned in the next couple of weeks. These tools are being installed at leading memory and logic device manufacturers and are being evaluated for a broad range of applications, including front-end-of-line. It's still early, but the initial progress and process data we have received is in line with expectations and the intensity of managing yields to a higher definition access for our customers, clearly very relevant for evaluating that opportunity. We would expect to have broader reliability and process data towards the middle of the June quarter to begin making assessments on how the tools are performing relative to our customers' requirements and our competition in the second half. As we embark on 2014 and beyond, we believe the opportunities available to Lam Research are significant. We're focused on exploiting those opportunities to their fullest by continuing to strengthen our competitiveness. We're increasing the magnitude of new product releases and customer engagements, particularly in the areas of dielectric etch, atomic layer of deposition and single-wafer clean. We're starting to execute newly developed operational plans to drive efficiencies across many aspects of the business, targeted at achieving our 2015, '16 performance ambition. We're reducing our emphasis -- sorry, we're reinforcing our emphasis on customer trust, broader collaboration and strategic relevance to our customer in light of semi equipment consolidation trends. Today, we are very focused on achieving our long-term growth objectives, competing as one integrated company. We have tremendous strength in the capability and commitments of the whole Lam Research team and I would like to take this opportunity to thank each and every employee for their contributions last year, and wish them success in pursuit of our 2014 vision, a year where, at the $32 billion WFE level, we anticipate increasing our operating income over 2013 at twice the rates of our revenue growth; further, growing cash from operations year-over-year at twice the rates of operating income. With that, I will turn the call over to Doug to discuss December quarter financial results in more detail and provide our guidance for the March 2014 quarter.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Okay. Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. We finished calendar year 2013 on what I believe is a very strong note. Shipments for the December quarter reached an all time high. We achieved record revenues for a third consecutive quarter. We grew operating profit more than 2x as fast as revenue, and we delivered earnings per share above our expectations. This financial performance comes partly as a result of us delivering on the promise of bringing Lam and Novellus together. Let me now provide a little more detail of our December quarter. Shipments increased by 15% sequentially to $1,139,000,000 which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range. Consistent with our expectations, we saw strong growth in memory shipments, as well as a sustained level of foundry spending. The combined memory segment represented 64% of total system shipments and this was up from 48% in September. NAND system shipments contributed 36% versus 28% in the prior quarter, and includes shipments to the first 3D NAND production facility. We saw a sizable increase in DRAM shipments, which represented 28% of system shipments, which was up from 19% in the September quarter. Foundry shipments were 28% of total system shipments, and this was down from 36% last quarter. On an absolute dollar basis however, foundry shipment system -- or foundry system shipments were relatively flat, supported by ongoing investments for the 20-nanometer node. The remaining 8% was made up of logic and other shipments. Revenue for the December quarter was $1,116,000,000. This also was slightly above the midpoint of our guided range and was 10% higher than in the September quarter. December gross margin percentage came in pretty much as we expected at 48.5%, which was stronger than our 2013, '14 financial models. This was an 80 basis point increase from the September quarter. We benefited from a favorable product mix during the quarter. And as I've shared with you before, our gross margin performance is impacted by many factors, including product mix, customer mix and overall business volumes. Increasingly, as we're running at close to full utilization, the impact of volume is less important than the product and customer mix changes. Nonetheless, we will see quarterly fluctuations in our gross margin performance depending on all of those variables. For the calendar year, our gross margin performance of approximately 45% was fairly consistent with our financial model, and we continue to point to our financial model as the best proxy for our financial performance, including the timing and WFE reference points. Operating expenses for the December quarter increased to $302 million, consistent with our expectations. On a percentage basis, our December quarter expenses were 27% of revenue, and this compares with 29% in the previous quarter. R&D as a percentage of total operating expenses was 58%. We continue to invest in next-generation products and technologies to strengthen our competitive position for the long-term success of the company. Operating income increased by 27% to $209 million in the December quarter and this compares with $165 million in the September quarter. Our resulting operating margin was 18.7%, pretty much as we expected, and I think shows the operating leverage in our financial model. Other income and expense came in with a positive impact of several million dollars relative to our original expectations. This was primarily due to a strong stock market in the quarter and its resulting impact on our deferred compensation investment portfolio. Our tax rate for the December quarter was approximately 9.3%, which was consistent with our planning assumptions. And I continue to expect the tax rate in the low to mid-teens will carry through the remainder of the 2014 fiscal year. Based on the share count of approximately 172 million shares, earnings per share for the December quarter totaled $1.10. This result was better than forecast coming into the quarter. And I should point out the share count includes the dilutive impact from our 2041 convertible note of approximately 6.6 million shares, and that was based on an average quarterly share price of $52.52. And I'll just remind you that we include a schedule on our IR website that shows the impact of this note to help you in your planning. During the December quarter, we spent $40 million on the repurchase of approximately 760,000 shares of common stock with an average price of $52.20. At this point, we have completed more than half of our current $250 million authorization. This level of buyback will help us accomplish our objective of managing the dilution from our employee equity plans. I'd also just point out, we're well on track to complete this authorization in calendar 2014. Let me now take you through the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with gross cash and short-term investments, including our restricted cash of $2.7 billion and this compares with $2.6 billion in the September quarter. Our cash balances remain roughly 25% onshore and 75% offshore. We had deferred revenue of $405 million, which does not include the $54 million in shipments to Japanese customers, which will convert the revenue in future quarters. DSO for December was 74 days and this compares to 64 days in the September quarter. And as I mentioned on last quarter's earnings call, we expected shipments to be back-end loaded in the December quarter. Due to the timing of customer projects, this profile was somewhat more pronounced than we originally anticipated. Inventory turns came in at 3.8, and that's flat with the prior quarter. Cash from operations was $129 million or 12% of revenue. This was up from $52 million in the September quarter. Our operational cash generation was impacted by growth in accounts receivable. Over half of our quarterly shipments occurred in the month of December itself. This translated into less of our receivable balance being due before the end of the quarter. When business volumes are ramping as we are today, it's typical to see growth in working capital, and we did see that. Our current quarter outlook for the March quarter reflects a much more linear shipment profile and I expect operational cash flow to more closely approximate operating income next quarter. And I thought I'd just mention, I expect 2014 will be a very strong year for Lam Research's cash generation. Company noncash expenses include, among other items, $23 million for equity comp, $41 million for amortization and $33 million for depreciation. In the quarter, we incurred $38 million for capital expenditures and we exited the quarter with approximately 6,550 regular full-time employees. Let me now turn to our guidance for the March 2014 quarter. This is our non-GAAP guidance, I should point out. We expect shipments of $1,250,000,000, plus or minus $30 million, reflecting continued strength in the memory segment and ongoing investments for 20-nanometer foundry capacity. We expect revenue of $1,215,000,000, plus or minus $30 million. We currently expect higher customer concentration in the March quarter, with nearly 80% of our system-related sales derived from our top 3 customers, versus approximately 60% in the December quarter. We expect gross margin of 45%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. In the March quarter, we have a higher proportion of newly introduced etch and deposition products, which has a slightly negative impact on gross margin, while those products are in the early phase of their ramp. We forecast operating margins of 19.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. And finally, earnings per share of $1.15, plus or minus $0.05, based on a share count of approximately 173 million shares. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. Martin and I would now be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great job on the quarterly execution. On the 3D NAND side, I think the team has mentioned previously, your views that it's predominantly one guy in the market this year. I know that at least 2 of your memory customers that have recently talked about some 3D NAND activity later this year or early next year. Just wondering if you're seeing this now in the product pipeline for the second half?
Martin B. Anstice: Thanks for your comment at the introduction there, Harlan. The answer to your question is yes, we are. I expect, still, one customer to be the dominant kind of emerging out of pilots to production. And to the extent that other customers are investing in 3D NAND, which we do expect, there are pilots-oriented investments. But it is more than a one-customer assumption set that's embedded in our $32 billion, correct.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then on your significant installed base, your services business, how do you expect the growth here relative to your overall businesses this year? Industry utilizations, I would think, are trending higher, and so what are -- and then on top of that, what are some of the specific initiatives both sort of top line and cost and expense front that the team is going to be focused on this year with respect to services?
Martin B. Anstice: I think on the utilization front, kind of, time will tell. I mean, instinctively, I agree with the hypothesis of your question but it's not as if, with some rare exceptions, utilization levels are -- they're kind of not -- are kind of low there. They're pretty active. I mean, certainly in the memory space, that's a true statement and I think the technology nodes, given the flexibility the foundry community have, utilization pretty high there as well. But indeed, to the extent utilization goes up, that's one source of growth. Another source of growth is the installed base of the company. So there's a natural expansion of the growth consistent with the output of the company. And you can see evidenced by our actual performance and forecast, we've got some nice momentum on outputs of systems into the installed base and that bodes well for sustainable growth this year into next year. And as we talked about in our Analyst Meeting and a little bit in the last 2 earnings calls, the installed base business of the company, the spares, the service, the upgrade, the training, the refurbishments, are tremendous opportunities to contribute value to the customer and that being a core strength of the history of both companies. But I would say it is fair to characterize that we're reenergized around that today. And in the context of responding to complex challenges from our customers, to not just deliver technology but to deliver cost. That's an opportunity for us to strengthen partnerships with our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. Relative to WFE for 2014, we're sort of exiting December at this sort of $33 billion run rate as an industry. I'm not sure if you think that, that's the right number but that's what I calculate. So if the year is going to be sort of $32 billion, I think you're saying, and if the first half is going to be better, does that sort of imply that the year is going to be front-half loaded or you just don't have visibility into the back half? And if it's better, then the year would be higher than your $32 billion number.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think as I said in my prepared comments, we obviously have less visibility in the second half than first, but we do have some assumptions, which are based in that $32 billion. And I think reasonable balance between first half and second half is kind of an overall commentary I would offer for WFE in total. But I would say one segment that stands out in that kind of picture is DRAM, where I think there is a higher profile of first-half investment compared to the second. And I don't know if that's a 60-40 or a 55-45 or a 65-35, time will tell. But that is the segment which stands out, at least at this point, as being slightly more biased to the first half. Now, a lot of things could change in either direction and, clearly, to the extent that prevails, that's an opportunity for Lam to outperform, given kind of memory concentration in the first half compared to the second half as far as peer comparisons are concerned. Although as I said, I do expect outperformance in the calendar year period. So that's the best I can offer you at this point, Tim.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just as a second question, you had a pretty big quarter for NAND obviously, in December. Do you have a sense of what the shipment mix is going to look like in March? I would assume memory is going to be maybe down a smidge and foundries up, but can you give us a sense?
Martin B. Anstice: No, I think actually that we've got memory expansion in shipments December to March and foundry, fairly stable.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, that's exactly what we're expecting.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And likewise, congratulations on a great 2013. Martin, first, in terms of kind of big picture looking out over the next couple of years in terms of your market opportunity, with the continued delays in EUV, have you made any revisions to your, I guess, target models in terms of both etch and deposition over the next few years, particularly as you look at 2015 and 2016, given the pushouts that have occurred?
Martin B. Anstice: That's a good question. Thank you for your comments at the beginning as well. We have not chosen to revise the models for '15 and '16 yet. I think, clearly, we would be looking for incremental opportunities to the baseline that we established if indeed the EUV picture, as recently characterized, plays out that way. And we've got a lot of time between now and then in terms of positioning for 7-nanometer logic, particularly into the extent there is any interception at 10. Frankly, 10-nanometer positions are still out there in many respects, as well. So we haven't changed the model per se, but I would expect us to be chasing a broader set of opportunities as a result of this.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And maybe as a follow-up question to some of your prepared remarks about the DRAM opportunity, particularly for double patterning at 20-nanometers, you talked about the different layer opportunities that increased. Can you maybe go a little more specific in terms of where you see the greatest opportunities within etch, kind of on a more granular detail, as well as the opportunities in deposition? Where specifically do you see the greatest incremental opportunities as you move to 20-nanometers from DRAM?
Martin B. Anstice: Wow, that's really specific. One of the things I don't want to do, frankly, is get a little bit ahead of ourselves on the number of extra passes, which is of the most tangible area of growth for us in the DRAM conversion and -- because I want to see more evidence that, actually, the emerging messages that I communicated to you today actually show up on a continuing basis. But we're really focused on high aspect ratio opportunities. We're really focused on -- in the x space, we're really focused on packaging and ALD with conformality and uniformity challenges being more significant in next-generations. That's the area for us. I mean, it's all about inflections and it's all about emerging technologies to support narrowing kind of requirements on process windows that are tough to deal with.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Martin, just a clarification first. You said memory up 10% to 20% this year, that was including both DRAM and NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Any chance of giving us a breakdown in terms of how you think each of those markets grow this year?
Martin B. Anstice: Indeed, I could probably give you some reference on that. If you have a follow-up question, why don't you ask that first and I'll do a little bit of research while you're...
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. The follow-up would be understating your comment about 60% of the business coming from the top 3 in December and 80% from the top 3 in March. Within NAND, specifically, are the -- is the remainder of the 40% and 20%, respectively, are there other NAND players in there as well or is NAND very top-heavy loaded?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I mean, there are only kind of so many players, obviously, in the NAND space. And the mixture of spending has kind of 3 components to it. It has a 3D investment, which in '14 is different than '13 by virtue of more people engaged in a pilot line space. So that's one investment type. Another investment type is whatever additions are going to be made in the context of remaining planar investments. And then a significant investment in NAND flash comes from conversions. And that's obviously a play in a dominant conversation for the customers. So if I looked at additions, I would say the additions via 3D NAND, and if I look to upgrades, it's all about kind of planar investments. And I would not expect this year to be the year where, all in, 3D is the majority of NAND investments. So if I look at the sum of additions and upgrades and conversions, I would say calendar '14 is still likely to be -- it's getting closer, but it's still likely to be a planar majority year. So the answer to your first question is, obviously, the baseline for NANDs WFE in '13 is a little higher than DRAM. We assume about $6 billion for NAND last year and $5 billion or so for DRAM. I believe there's about $1 billion or so of growth in NAND year-over-year. And frankly, something similar to that level in DRAM as well. So reasonably equal growth increments, slightly different baseline.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess my first question, you talked about 2 dampening impacts to gross margin in the March quarter: new product ramps and customer concentration. I'm kind of curious if you could help me quantify what kind of hit those 2 dynamics are having in the March quarter and how we should think about those dynamics throughout the year as we think about gross margins?
Douglas R. Bettinger: I mean, I'm guiding you down -- John, this is Doug -- 80 basis points from what we just delivered. I'm not going to quantify the specific impact of each of those, but they both contribute, obviously offset a little bit by slightly higher volumes. But as I tried to indicate, the volume bit is getting to be less and less important because we're running the factories pretty full right now. So the upside from that is less today than it has been in the past.
Martin B. Anstice: And I would add, I think an important point relative to the interpretation of the financial models. So if you kind of go back to what we presented at SEMICON West last calendar year, you get a '13, '14 model and a '15, '16 model. And the fact that we had 2 models was intended to be important because it does take time as well as volume to execute cost reduction plans in terms of developing new products for lower cost profiles, et cetera, et cetera. And it does take time to execute and implement strategic plans to improve the performance of the company, however good we are in terms of competency and capability and execution. So the '13 and '14 model had a 45% placeholder and, within reason, that's a great place to be in terms of kind of modeling. And just occasionally, we're going to pop up above it as we did in December. And maybe just occasionally, we popped below it. It's much less about volume at this point. We need time to kind of get us through this period of the penetrations on the inflections. So we come out of the gates and you launch a new product, it's usually at its lowest profitability point in that first 6 months to 1-year time horizon. And the inflections are becoming a greater proportion of the output of the company. And '15 to '16 is a great placeholder for when the majority of that inflection and the majority of the new products associated with it, which should be firing on all cylinders from a cost point of view at that point, have their impact on the company. So I'd ask that you all think through not just the volume, but the timelines that were defined in the models that we communicated last year.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And then, Martin, as my follow-up -- I appreciate the detail, as always. As we think about EUV getting pushed out, I think one of the things we're seeing is the chip companies are getting more efficient on multi-patterning. The largest foundry guy was not expecting a density improvement at 16; now he's talking about it. The largest logic guy is talking about being able to stay on Moore's Law, even without EUV for a lot longer than we thought. And I guess my question to you is, I'm trying to understand if they learn to be more efficient with multi-patterning, does that actually take market opportunity away from you? Or are they becoming more efficient because of what you're providing?
Martin B. Anstice: I mean, I'm sure all of you have obviously asked that question. I mean, the perpetual challenge in this industry is bringing technology to the customer at lower cost, bringing capacity and outlook to the customer at a low cost. And so I am sure and hope, quite frankly, that we're enabling not just technology roadmaps to customers, but cost reduction roadmaps to customers because I think we all recognize the complexity of our customers' industry and our customers' customer industry for that matter. So we have to run Lam Research with a long-term perspective in mind. And so I always think it is very artificial to try and bias performance in the short-term by not delivering solutions to the customers that in the long term will allow them to be most successful. So I'm sure we're part of enabling and, indeed, the customer by virtue of consolidation and influence over the equipment industry, brings a pretty big back to the table as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just one follow-up question on WFE. If the industry spends more than your initial view of $32 billion, where do you think the upside would come from? Do you think it would be higher foundry or would it be on memory side?
Martin B. Anstice: I think it's kind of a couple of things. There's a demand story, so I don't think $32 billion is the most aggressive view of kind of GDP in consumer confidence. And if that kind of trended up, there's -- I think, there's a little bit of upside there. The other part of it, to your point, frankly, is emerging evidence of cost and performance benefits of inflection-led device transition. So if the industry sees cost and/or performance benefits, I guess, the industry of our customers' customer sees the benefits, then there's likely to be an acceleration, if history is a relevant indicator of our future. What the probability of that is at this point? I have no idea, which is why I gave you $32 billion, plus or minus $2 billion.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. Okay, and there wouldn't be any -- it wouldn't be like memory over foundry if there was some upside?
Martin B. Anstice: I think I wouldn't characterize, one way or the other at this point, which one I thought was more likely to happen. There are clearly independent variables on the supply side. They're very dependent on the demand side, so I don't know. It could go either way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Martin, I had 2 questions. Number one, in terms of the 3D NAND on the etch side, is your market share similar or better or lower compared to planar NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: It's at least as good and I would expect in some of the selection spaces, slightly better.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful. And then one other question. In terms of your industry outlook, you said that you're seeing a lot of reuse of equipment on the logic side, which is kind of not a big surprise. The question I was trying to find out is are you seeing with capital, in terms of in the foundry, is still very high? Are you seeing more reused inventory from the foundry customers or do you think that's going to happen going forward?
Martin B. Anstice: I think it will be an emerging trend. I think it's a very hard thing to execute and, at some level, the need and the expectations for it are obviously embedded in the numbers we've given you on WFE. But I think the economic realities of scaling for the foundries make it much more important than ever. And the challenge obviously, is if they have sustaining commitments from their customers, so the legacy geometries how do they ever free up the capacity to make it kind of happen on scale. So I think it shows a -- more how big it ultimately is. I think time will tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: My question is for Doug. Do you have any plans to help increase the cash onshore as a means to increase shareholder return?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Mehdi, I kind of described our approach to cash is we've got a plan in place at least through 2014, which is the $250 million buyback authorization. Yes, we're always looking at opportunities and whether they're -- crude guidance I've provided is roughly 20% of the prospective cash we generate is onshore. We may be able to tick that up a little bit. In fact, I think we will. We're always looking at a couple of different things and we'll communicate with you kind of year-by-year or quarter-by-quarter as we work our way through this authorization, what the concrete plans of the company are as we go forward.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And my brief follow on is for Martin. Do you have any market intelligence, especially from downstream players to help us understand the application for 3D NAND use, especially with the 80,000 to 100,000 wafer per month capacity that you were referring to?
Martin B. Anstice: I think we do, but I'm going to reserve the right to keep that to our ourselves and respect the interest of our customer.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Can you talk around it or qualitatively talk about some of the general use of the 3D NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: I know you don't like me doing this, but I am going to resist it because I feel like we put a lot of information out and, just occasionally, I got to stay honest and protect some of what we spend lots of time building, which is relationships with customers and customers' customers, so that we have a good a sense of where the industry is headed.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And you're saying that this 80,000 to 100,000 would be installed by September so that it would -- the shipment would start by December? Is that right?
Martin B. Anstice: No, it's a statement of physical shipments to customers. So by the end of the calendar year, that is the number I gave you.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I show that because the Korean customers have both told us...
Shanye Hudson: Mehdi, we're going to move on here now. Could we get the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Martin, a question on the foundries, the linearity of 20-nanometer ramp up. You talked about the ramp base dependent on the availability of the technology. Where do you think the 20- and 14-, 16-nanometer are in terms of readiness? And from that, what can you tell us about the ramp profile of these technologies?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think, kind of back to my earlier statements, the assumption that we're making today based on our conversations with customers and our own modeling is that foundry is a reasonably stable year. It's going to have, obviously, a majority forum 20-nanometer for first half and 14, 16 emerges in the second half as kind of pilot lines. So you're going to see a different node of spending in the calendar year. And if nothing changes in terms of commitments of the customers' customer to FinFET devices, then the rates by the foundry to kind of get whatever early share momentum is available tends to suggest a pretty kind of convicted spending to that plan. And I don't think this is the year where a 14 to 16 investment is particularly subject to risk on yield because it will be too early, it's not enough. I mean, it will be a much more relevant conversation in calendar '15. If 14, 16 yields aren't where the customers want it to be, then I'm sure that will be relevant to the pace of the add capacity, but I don't see that as being a particularly big factor in calendar '14.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then you made comments regarding space or double patterning driving ALD. My question is, is there a significant adoption of spacer-based double patterning in the DRAM and the logic devices? I know NAND is 100% space to double pattern, but are you seeing a lot of interest from DRAM, as well as logic devices?
Martin B. Anstice: DRAM, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Northland Capital Markets.
Benedict Pang - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: In terms of the reuse, can you characterize the amount of reuse for your equipment, 28- to 20-nanometer and 20 to FinFET, and kind of split that between etch and CVD?
Martin B. Anstice: You need to ask that question again because you're breaking out. Sorry.
Benedict Pang - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: If you look at the equipment reuse between 28-nanometer foundry logic and 20-nanometer, and then similarly 20 to 16 or 14 FinFETs, what's the difference in the amount of your equipment that can be reused? And is there a difference between etch and CVD?
Martin B. Anstice: Okay. The etch and CVD conversation's a little bit premature for me to have. And the first one -- the first piece, it's a little difficult, but the best I could give you probably is that I think in general, the equipment set for 20-nanometer generally is much more overlapping with a 14 and 16 equipment set than was true for 28 to 20. So I would say, intuitively, it would seem there are more opportunities for reuse 20 to 14 to 16 than existed 28 to 20. Now, that's a line availability statement as an -- or ease of transition. That doesn't take off the table, the challenge I described a little earlier, which is if you got demand from a customer and you have legacy demand for some years, how do you free enough capacity to go do it? But intuitively, I think that the reuse opportunity for the foundry is greater 20 to 14, 16, presuming you have 20 investments of a sufficient amount than was true at 28 to 20.
Benedict Pang - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up is that you talked a little bit about the customer concentration. For 2014 calendar year, do you expect the same customer concentration as 2013?
Douglas R. Bettinger: No. Actually, I think it will be a little bit less. When we look at it, I mean, the March quarter is pretty concentrated. I think the whole year is actually going to be the same or maybe even a little bit less than '14 relative to '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: First question regarding the industry. Just on your foundry, WFE a little [ph] up 10% to 20%. I was wondering how much of that comes from kind of increased capital intensity in your foundry versus broadening of customer base? We heard from one of your peers talk about they saw some trailing etch to the order pushed out at the foundry side. I was wondering if that had an effect on how you think about the foundry position. [ph]
Martin B. Anstice: I don't think that dollars invested in '14 and '16 will be as high as 20% in the calendar year. That's the assumption that we have at this point and we have said -- and we're much more able to speak to this for deposition etch and cleans than we are wafer fab as a whole, but we've kind of sized the increment in SAM to the 5% to 10% level, I think, for the comparison of final generation planar, first generation FinFET for foundry. So that's kind of the best I can give you on capital intensity.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: All right. I see. Okay. That's fair. And then I think you mentioned about one of the largest service contract you signed on the quarter and try to focus on the service area. Any way you can kind of quantify how much of your business is service right now, how do you think that will transpire as we go, look beyond this year, let's say '15, '16? Do you expect a greater growth in that area? And any kind of metric you can add that does kind of measure that?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think actually, we gave a pretty good shot at answering that question in the Analyst Meeting at SEMICON West last year, so I'd kind of refer you back to the July 9 presentation. There's kind of more substance there than we have time for today. But just so we're not confused, it's not just kind of a service play. It's an upgrade play. It's an installed base utilization play. It's a reliability play. It's training. It's everything that's available to us as an equipment company, supporting our customers' installed base improvement expectations. Service is one part of that, but it's not a growth plan limited to service.
Shanye Hudson: Operator, I think we have time for 2 more questions.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Actually, 2 quick ones. First, you gave the 80,000 to 100,000 3D NAND installed capacity by the end of '14. Can you just help us understand what that number was end of '13?
Martin B. Anstice: I think we had like 20,000 to 25,000 as the communication at the end of last year.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, I think we said 20,000, Terence.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, terrific. The second question is on customer concentration. Starting at 80% in that first quarter, it implies a pretty sharp broadening in the second half of customer shipments. Can you just explain to me how you expect that to develop sequentially and, again, remind us what '13 was? And I ask that because with the context of understanding whether conviction in those shipments and the timing and assurance of those shipments is higher or lower than with the larger customers?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Terence, I think the most concentrated quarter is going to be the March quarter. I'm not going to get into the specifics of each quarter after that because things move around, but it will broaden out our view as we get through the remaining quarters.
Martin B. Anstice: I don't know, to the kind of soft part of your question, is it a higher risk or a lower risk to have more people participating? Who the hell knows. I tend to feel that the reasons for more people investing and there are more reasons around -- technology inflections inherently have more conviction than kind of genetic capacity additions, so I actually feel pretty good about that. And I also feel like the environment, the supply and demand balance and the fact that we come into the year pretty tight, the fact that pricing levels for memory, the fact that the profitability levels for semiconductor companies generally is -- maybe they would argue not as good as they'd like it to be, but it's far better than it has been. And so I tend to feel better about it. I do think that you should, we should continue to expect variability quarter-to-quarter. I mean, it is really hard to predict the output of these companies when 2 to 3 to 4 guys can represent everything about the performance of your company. One guy can move left or right and you've got a different picture. And we've kept our ranges pretty narrow on our guidance and we'll keep them that way as long as we feel like we can manage it. But I would say it's getting much more difficult to manage variability of kind of individual customer movements than ever before.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Chad Dillard on for the line of Vishal. From the industry's perspective, can you talk about how you see the amount of 20-nanometer being installed for 2014 from a wafer start perspective?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, given the concentration of a couple of customers, I'm going to kind of resist that level of specificity. It's, as I said, I do expect the -- maybe you got to triangulate a little here. We are forecasting in the range of $13 billion, $14 billion of WFE. I think kind of the public commentary and analyst commentary on 20-nanometer cost is approximately $1.25 billion, $1.3 billion per 10,000 wafer starts addition. And I kind of said I expect that the 20-nanometer addition is greater than the 14 and 16 addition. I think if you kind of work with those data points, you're going to find out a pretty reliable answer to your question.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And maybe you could just unpack the foundry shipment, the number in December. What was the mix of 20-nanometer versus the rest?
Martin B. Anstice: We don't -- that's disclosure above and beyond what we have customarily done, I'm sorry.
Operator: Thank you, and I would like to turn it back over to management for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Wonderful. We truly wish to thank you all for spending the last hour or so here with us today. As a reminder, a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. So on behalf of the entire management team here, we would like to -- we appreciate your interest in Lam Research.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Douglas R. Bettinger - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Carol Raeburn - Senior Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation September 2013 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Shanye Hudson, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Great. Thank you, Douglas. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we'll share our outlook on the business environment and review our financial results for the September 2013 quarter and our outlook for the December 2013 quarter. Following today's Q&A, Martin will share a few concluding remarks prior to closing the call. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1:00 p.m. this afternoon and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides accompanying today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A will include statements about our expectations and beliefs regarding certain future outcomes including our guidance. A more thorough list of forward-looking topics that we expect to cover are shown on the slide deck accompanying my remarks. All statements made that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosure in our public filings including our 10-K and our 10-Q. The company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. Detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. The call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'll turn the call over to you, Martin.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thank you, Shanye. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. As you may have read in our press release today, September 2013 marked the highest revenue quarter in the company's history, surpassing the $1 billion mark for the first time. We grew operating margins by nearly 200 basis points, sequentially, demonstrating a strong execution throughout the company. Additionally, we've made progress towards our strategic growth objectives, winning key production tool decisions across various technology inflections and shipping new products, including our next-generation clean system and latest 3D NAND etch capability into leading-edge customer engagements. Overall, the quarter was more than satisfactory and reinforced the substance of our vision objectives and our strategies and capabilities to execute. The September quarter marked the close of an important transition period for the company as we successfully concluded our major integration activities. Singularly focused, we now present one face to our customers for all products and services, and we enjoy the full complement of a well-aligned employee population. Aligned, not just to our business objectives and plans, but to our stated culture and values. Related, I would like to take this opportunity to thank each and every employee for their contribution to these outstanding accomplishments, which would not have been possible without their hard work and dedication. As stated previously, I regard acquisition integration capabilities at Lam as a competitive differentiator within our industry. The aspiration to be the most collaborative semiconductor equipment company grows in our consciousness as we look forward to planning our actions in calendar 2014. Turning now to the industry environment. As we enter the final months of the calendar year, we are able to narrow our 2013 wafer fabrication equipment spend forecast to $29 billion, plus or minus $1 billion. This outlook is largely consistent with our views throughout 2013, though there are some well-publicized moving pieces that I'll highlight for you now. Starting with the Logic segment. We now project WFE spends close to $6 billion for the year, slightly lower than our prior view, as certain customers have been able to reuse more of their existing equipment to support their leading-edge production needs. In Foundry, at least one customer has started to ramp 20-nanometer capacity and the pace of those investments has accelerated in the second half of this year. We still expect overall foundry spending around $12 billion, albeit with slightly less trailing-edge investments than previously expected. We see healthy demand and a positive profit and spending trajectory from memory customers and maintain our WFE forecast of approximately $11 billion for that segment for the calendar year. NAND manufacturers are making the transition to the 20-nanometer technology nodes and below for planar devices, and consistent with our expectations, total shipments for the first phase of 3D NAND's production are beginning, as we speak, and extend into the first half of 2014. Depending on qualification and time to yield this capacity, we assume, would likely begin contributing to NAND's bit supply in the mid-2014 timeframe. Overall, we project bit growth in the mid-40% range for 2013, with relatively stable supply and demand balance headed into 2014. In DRAM, contract ASPs have surged by 10% to 20% over the past month driven by tight supply conditions. Due to the well-known short-term supply chain disruption, we've lowered our estimates for 2013, bit supply growth by a couple of points to the mid-20% range and expect a balance between supply and demand to remain extremely tight and disciplined through 2014. Over the past couple years, WFE spend has been driven primarily by mobile electronics. Media tablets have grown at a compound annual rate of greater than 130% since 2010, and we expect smartphones will represent about half of total cellphone units this year versus around 20% in 2010. While annual unit growth rates for tablets and smartphones are intuitively starting to decelerate, off the much lighter base, continued demand and density expansion for mobile products supports our preliminary view for 2014 wafer fabrication equipment spending to be in the range of $32 billion, plus or minus $2 billion, assuming a flattish GDP. Actual spending levels are likely to vary, of course, around customers' investment supporting technology inflections, and in the coming months, we expect customers will continue fine-tuning their plans and outlook. We will share more information as this becomes available. It has been nearly 1 year since we introduced our growth strategy for the broadened and newly formed Lam Research. This strategy is founded on market expansion and share gain opportunities derived, in large parts, from technology inflections, such as multiple patenting, 3D device transitions and advanced packaging. Having completed our merger integration slightly ahead of schedule, we are now singularly focused on executing against those strategic growth objectives. We shared with you, previously, our view of success relative to the transition from planar to 3D NAND. While we continue to work hard strengthening competitive differentiation and protecting positions established, we can report today that we are pleased by the initial production tool decisions. In etch, we sustained strong and above our overall average market share, securing critical dielectric high aspect ratio applications. We expect our new capacity addition, served available market, or SAM, to expand by 30% to 40% over the planar baseline. In the deposition segments in which we compete, we believe our new capacity addition, SAM, grows by 60% or 70% compared to the planar baseline. Further, we believe we've made sizable share gains, winning critical applications in both CVD and tungsten CVD. Our focus over the next 12 to 24 months is on achieving a similar outcome with each of the remaining NAND manufactures, as and when they transition to 3D device structures, in high volume manufacturing. Overall, we estimate it will cost more to add new 3D NAND capacity versus the same amount spent on equivalent wafer starts in that final planar generation. Based on our market size and market share expectations for high volume manufacturing when 3D NANDs become mainstream, we believe that Lam's stands to realize more than 1/3 of the transition opportunity, representing incremental revenues in etch and deposition combined, of approximately $25 million per 10,000 wafer starts at capacity added, or more than 60% market share on the incremental SAM. Equally important are the production tool decisions for the foundry, 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer technology node. Compared with the 20-nanometer node, this initial FinFET transition represents a SAM growth opportunity of 5% to 10% for LAM's markets and conductor etch is a key beneficiary of this transition. The complexity of the transistor increases exponentially with FinFET structures and the need for precise control of etch processes has grown accordingly. This plays well into Lam's strength as a leader in conductor etch, with the ability to control CD uniformity to within a few assets. We believe that we are well-positioned here to maintain our critical share positions and benefit from market expansion. This FinFET transition also creates opportunities for our deposition markets over the next couple of technology nodes. Process steps requiring highly conformal dielectric films are growing. These processes have historically been very slow in nature, requiring a single heir to be deposited at a time. We are partnering with customers to develop high productivity solutions, targeting these applications. With the need for thinner barriers and low resistivity film stacks, we are leveraging our production experience and technology leadership in tungsten deposition to further prevent metal applications. We have a strong engagements with the leading foundry and logic customers in each of these areas and are encouraged by our progress. In terms of shipped market share, based on our current outlook for 2013 WFE spend and the associated customer mix, we stand to gain a couple of points in Etch this year. We successfully won application decisions in logic and DRAM and expect to benefit from additional patterning steps in both foundry and DRAM. We've also defended above average in the initial 3D NAND's transition. In deposition, higher than expected equipment reuse has been headwind for shipped market share this year. However, we still expect to gain a point or so, supported by application wins in 3D NAND and through-silicon via copper fill. Looking ahead, we anticipate that our application wins combines with the message around SAM expansion is a great story for Lam deposition. In single-wafer clean, we anticipate shipped market share in the upper teens this year. We've successfully defended most, all our positions in the back-end-of-line this year and continue to focus on growth opportunities in front-end applications. We have started to ship our next-generation clean tool for evaluation with a leading customer and have focused on making these customer engagements successful. As we've shared in the past, we would expect to have a better understanding of the tool's performance in the first half of 2014, with the potential for early revenue towards the end of next calendar year. While it is still too soon to specifically quantify share growth projections for 2014, I'm encouraged by the solid progress we're making across each of our product segments and the level of customer engagement across a broader set of applications. We remain fully committed to our stated long-term share goals, our resolve against competitive threats, never stronger. As we have said on a number of occasions, this is a period of significant change for our customers and significant challenge within the wafer fabrication equipment industry. That fact is further illustrated by the recently announced plans to merge our 2 largest competitors. We believe the consolidation can be an opportunity to create value for our customers to the extent that it allows for the sustainable competition necessary to fuel innovation throughout the industry. As an example, our acquisitions of SEZ and Novellus Systems allowed us to leverage process adjacencies, but to stay committed to our mantra that the customer deserves the best-in-class technology and productivity solutions. That's the bases of competition today. We do have the opinion that it is possible for consolidation to reach a size and scope that goes beyond those value-creating fundamentals, and that conversation is active with our customers, real-time. We continue to believe customers remain invested in Lam's success and we will only strengthen our collaboration with them. It is very clear that our vision of being #1 in customer trust has never been more important, or valued, than in this environment. Prior to turning the call over to Doug for a review of the September quarter's financials, I'd like to share with you a celebratory event that occurred earlier this month. We renamed our Fremont campus, the James W. Bagley campus, in honor of Jim's many contributions to Lam Research across his 16-year tenure with the company. Among his accomplishments, Jim established Lam's mission, vision and core values, which reshaped our culture and continue to serve as the guiding principles for how all of our employees engage in business today. He also provided the inspiration and leadership to our decade-long etch segment leadership journey. I had the pleasure of working under Jim's leadership for many years and strongly believe the principles he established are the genesis of Lam's value-based culture and innovation spirit, which both differentiate the company competitively, I believe, and enable a rich and ongoing tradition of customer trust and collaboration going forward. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Doug for his prepared remarks.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thanks, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining our call today. In the September quarter, as Martin has already told you, we delivered record revenue for the second consecutive quarter, topping the billion-dollar mark, which was a first for Lam Research. We achieved gross margin performance at the high-end of our guidance range, with both operating margins and earnings per share exceeding our expectations. These results demonstrate what I believe are solid execution against our cost synergy objectives as well as our discipline in managing expenses. Shipments for the September quarter came in at $987 million, slightly below the midpoint of our guidance range and down a little bit, sequentially. Our results were impacted, somewhat, by delays in shipments to certain memory customers, as well as a slight decline in spares levels, driven by lower overall utilization in the industry. Partially offsetting these declines were stronger-than-expected shipments to foundry customers. Specific to our systems business, excluding spares and services, the combined memory segment accounted for 48% of our system shipments versus 46% in June. NAND represented 28% of system shipments compared to 18% in June. DRAM was 19% of system shipments, with approximately 1% attributed to other memory shipments. On an absolute basis, memory shipments were slightly down for the June quarter. Foundry represented 36% of total system shipments and that compares with 43% in June, and the remaining 16% was comprised of logic and other shipments. And as I've noted earlier, we recorded more than $1 billion in revenue, which was in line with our expectations and was up 3% sequentially. September gross margin was 45% and at the high end of our guidance range. This represents a 50 basis point improvement from the June quarter, as we delivered margin performance, in line with our published models, a bit earlier than expected, reflecting a richer mix, as well as an acceleration of our factory and manufacturing efficiency plans. We were obviously pleased to see the benefits from the supply chain cost synergies that I've spoken about before. And as we've shared in the past, our margin performance is a function of business volumes as well as overall mix and we would expect to see fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter depending on those factors. Operating expenses declined to $292 million, or approximately 29% of revenues, and this compares with $297 million in the June quarter. The decline reflects the timing of certain R&D program activities which can be lumpy at times. Importantly I think, the activities necessary to complete our targeted annualized cost savings of $100 million are now largely complete, and we expect to realize the remaining savings as we exit the December quarter. Looking ahead, we will continue to seek operating efficiencies while investing in new technology and capabilities that are necessary to fuel our future growth. Let me now turn to operating income. The combination of higher gross margin and lower operating expenses resulted in operating income of $165 million and operating margin of 16.2%, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Taxes for the quarter were approximately 12%, a little bit lower than we expected. For the fiscal year 2014, I'm now expecting a tax rate in the low teens for the year. Our expectation for the December quarter was for a tax rate in the high-single to low-double digits. Can I just point out you, that if the federal R&D tax credit were extended prior to our fiscal year end, which is in June, the annual rate would be reduced by a couple of percentage points. Based on a share count of approximately 171 million shares, earnings per share for the September quarter totaled $0.81, and that was up $0.01 from the June quarter and it exceeded our guided range. Can I just point out to you, the dilutive impact from our 2041 convertible notes was 5.6 million shares based on an average quarterly share price of $48.83. And as planned, we began executing against our $250 million share repurchase authorization during the September quarter. We spent $96 million and took delivery of approximately 1.9 million shares of common stock. We plan to complete this authorization by the end of calendar year 2014. We ended the quarter with gross cash, short-term investments, including our restricted cash, of $2.6 billion, and that compares with $2.7 billion in the June quarter. Of this cash, roughly 25% was onshore and the remaining 75% was offshore. We had deferred revenue of $334 million, and this excludes approximately $84 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Those Japanese shipments remained as inventory on our balance sheet. DSO increased to 64 days, as shipments for the quarter were more back-end loaded than last quarter, something we expect to see recur in the December quarter. And I point out to you that many receivables are paid on the last day of the calendar month, which, last quarter, was 1 day after our September 29 fiscal quarter end. Had those end-of-month payments been received in the quarter, our DSO performance would have improved by several days. Inventory turns were 3.8 and that's down from 4.1 in the June quarter, as we increased on-hand inventory to support our growing December quarter outlook. Cash from operations was $52 million, and that's down from $175 million in the June quarter. Operational cash was depressed this quarter, primarily due to the receivable growth and inventory build activities that I just mentioned. Calendar year-to-date, distributed [ph] cash flows from operations are comparable to operating income, as a percentage of revenue, and this would be a valid planning assumption for the December quarter as well. Company noncash expenses include, among other items, $23 million for equity comp, $42 million for amortization and $32 million for depreciation. We incurred $24 million for capital expenditures in the quarter. And finally, we exited the quarter with approximately 6,500 regular full-time employees. So let me now turn to our guidance for the December 2013 quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect shipments to be $1.125 billion, plus or minus $30 million. Revenue of $1.1 billion, plus or minus $30 million. Gross margin at 46%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating margin of 18.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. And earnings per share of $1.02, plus or minus $0.05, based on a share count of approximately 174 million shares. So let me just briefly summarize. Overall, we were very pleased with our solid execution in the September quarter. Our September performance, as well as our December quarter outlook, reflect, what I believe, reflect our achievement against our near-term financial models and demonstrate our focus on delivering against our long-term business objectives. As we've shared many times, there are always puts and takes within any given quarter. Looking into 2014, we remain focused on achieving our published models and still view them as the best proxy for modeling our financial performance. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a quick one. Martin, have you seen any impact in the December quarter from the recent Hynix file? And if so, how much of that is added to your shipment forecast for December?
Martin B. Anstice: Krish, I think that it's fair to say that, as a company, to the extent there's an impact that's reflected in our guidance and, indeed, there are some systems that are included in our shipments forecast, but we're not going to specifically disclose that number with you, with respect to our customer.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. So could I just have a quick follow-up. Martin, you highlighted how 3D NAND is going to be much more expensive. Is there any way you can quantify, from an industry standpoint, going from planar to 3D, how much more it would cost per 10,000 wafers for the industry, if the planar was around $400 million or something, how much would it be for 3D NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: I've come to appreciate, maybe I'm getting old, maybe I'm getting wise, but the best person to answer that question is the customer. Inevitably, Krish, we've got a very comprehensive understanding of the segments that we participate in, which is why the disclosure in my prepared comments biased etch and depositions segments. Whatever happens in clean is the byproduct of the yield experienced through pilot lines in the early phase of production. But we consider the opportunity in etch and deposition to be significant. We've ranged that historically in the 30% to 50% range, incremental, compared to planar baseline, and we've provided more commentary here today. I think the $25 million reference point per 10,000 wafer starts, we believe, is a significant component of the cost increase, and I think, I read in the ASML transcript that they stated LIFO intensity, in 3D, equivalent to planar. So I think you can probably connect some dots and figure that one out yourself.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Martin, the question I have, you touched upon the consolidation happening in the industry and you talked about that it can reach a point where it's not very productive. If you can elaborate on that, and also, if you can include if you have seen a reaction from your customers on how they are viewing the consolidation in the industry, and will that change your view in going after the next acquisitions?
Martin B. Anstice: I think, the -- just to kind of state the obvious, there is, inevitably, a review process associated with every deal. And so, there is a limit to the disclosure that I can make. And certainly, I don't intend to encroach on the disclosure that our customers might make. But the headline that I conveyed in my prepared comments, I think, is an important one. We do believe that size and scope can risk value-creation and, frankly, our voice in this process is a very small one, and it's not the important one. The voice, that's the important one, is the voice from the customer and the voice for the regulator. Relative to our approach to acquisition and collaboration, I would say, nothing has changed. We believe that we have a very clear vision today, to be a leader in the etch and deposition and clean markets, and to the extent that we execute any deals or collaborations or partnerships or licenses, according to the definition of today's strategy, that frames around accelerating our growth in those markets against stated plans. And the primary definition of success that I always hold us accountable to, is the value creation for the customer. And if you can articulate that, not just as a company, but as an industry, and I think the values of our company causes to do that really well because we all think and process and make decisions oriented to customer, company and then, individual, then I think you make the right decision in the end. So I think you have to talk directly with customers, at this point, to get a sense of what their opinion is.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on operating margin, Doug. Can you describe, you have a significant upside in gross margin and operating margin for the September, as well as December quarter. Are these a permanent impact or do you have some moving parts, or lumpiness, which goes away in the March quarter? So just, if you can separate the permanent facts and some timing-related items on the gross margin and operating margin, that will be helpful.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Sure, Mahesh. Happy to do it. I think and I tried, actually, to stick in my prepared remarks a couple of different times, that was financial models that we put out are still the best planning or working assumptions, in terms of managing and modeling our financial performance. So we're thinking about those things when we make decisions here and you should think about those models when you put your numbers together, so that's my first guidance. Within gross margin, there's always puts and takes, ups and downs, mix of different tool types matters. How hard running a factory matters, the types of think going on in the factory can impact utilization and things like that, so that's important to understand. There's puts and takes, always. And as I explained, with our spending in this quarter, oftentimes, you can get spending profiles that can be lumpy, there can be big programs that happen in 1 quarter or push from 1 quarter to the next. The total spending, across multiple quarters, probably doesn't change but within any given quarter, there can be ups and downs. And you saw that, a little bit, sequentially, in September. And when you go do the math on the December quarter, you see we get back to a spending level that is kind of more in line with the previous quarter, so there's always ups and downs. To run your models, please think about those financial models that we put out in the past.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowan and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess, first, Martin, just a follow-up on the questions around the Applied/TEL deal. I mean, it sounds like, at least one big customer is definitely not very happy about it, and I'm wondering if you've seen any near-term changes in the share dynamic, i.e., have you seen any share come your way, as customers try to maybe plan around this, if it actually happens?
Martin B. Anstice: The best way I can answer that question, Tim, is somewhat similar in my prepared comments. I believe that our customers are invested in our success, and I believe they understand and appreciate the value of the stated objectives for the company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, all right. Maybe let me ask a question then, on earnings guidance. And I think I asked you the same question, last quarter. But you've beaten -- the last 6 quarters, you've beaten, by about an average of a dime, on the earnings line. So I'm wondering, have you sort of changed the way you guide or are you still guiding to what -- at least the last 6 quarters has been a fairly conservative view, and I'm just sort of wondering how to handicap that, because now you've pretty consistently begun to beat by about $0.10 per quarter.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you for asking the questions, Tim, I'm glad you did. And I'll repeat, somewhat, the answer I gave you last time we talked about this. One of the things, I hope, everybody appreciates is the complexity associated with bringing 2 companies together. I mean, at the high level, there are integration challenges, there are product portfolio challenges, there are business process integrations, SAP systems and there is getting to know the financial performance of the company. And in every respect, we've gone through a tremendous learning curve in the last 12 to 18 months, and that includes, relative to financial performance, our guidance for the last 15, 18 months, and our guidance today is defined, in exactly the same way it has been in every year of the 13 years that I've been in Lam Research, it's our best view of our performance. And the fact that we've beaten this is sometimes the byproduct of we're kind of getting to know the company and learning how its inflows are influenced in the short term. Some part of it is, we've had changes of behavior from customers and we've had positive surprises that we've been out to exploit, competitively. And the headline that Doug conveyed, right at the end, I think, is a very important one. There is a reason why we have the long-term models of the company, they're intended to be the best commentary we can give you on financial statements and what I would not want to happen is for everybody to go, "Oh. Every time they've beaten for the last 6. Therefore, we're going to add that $0.10 to every forward-looking guidance, because that would be inconsistent with the message that we're trying to communicate. But we're doing our very best to communicate through the eyes of management, sometimes we get positive surprises, sometimes we're more effective managing the company than we originally anticipated. But the guidance and the framework of long-term models is the very best commentary we can give you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Martin, if I could ask you to kind of characterize the dynamics of around memory spending, first, I guess, there was the comment that's some memory spending slipped out a little bit. But then based on their memory shipments, slipped out a little bit. But based on the guidance, I assuming that just slipped into the fourth quarter. So first, if can you confirm that? And then, secondly, is this a dynamic where the writing capacity exactly as they need it? Is it a dynamic that the writing capacity based on the technology transitions? Or is it a situation where one customer is kind of looking around and, seeing another customer, a competitor of theirs is adding capacity in a tight environment, and then wants to add their own capacity, so they don't lose share?
Martin B. Anstice: First question is easier than the last one. I do think that, in general, it was a very slight push from September quarter to December quarter. So your hypothesis was correct there. I think there are a couple of things that DRAM and NAND have in common and there are some things that are slightly different. So in common, I think, is the discipline of our customers relative to spending. I'm not seeing any evidence of extravagant spending behavior, almost any time a customer talks to me, or us, about market share, they're incorporating the word profitable market share into the conversation. So I think the awareness and sensitivity to the value of discipline is now well-established in the industry, and I have no expectation of that changing anytime soon. The DRAM story, obviously, there was some short-term disruption in supply chain that caused some pluses and minuses in the short term. And the principal spending outlook is oriented to upgrading capacity to the most leading-edge device. And I think the pace of the customers willingness to do that is defined around their profitability levels and their outlook for the industry. And as you know, a 3D NAND, it's a little bit more complex because you have a very fundamental device transition. And you have 4 customers that will talk about it, but their timeline for adoption by public disclosure today are significantly varied. And I frankly don't know any better than you do, whether the second, third and fourth customers accelerate plans, or keep plans as currently stated, based on the performance of the guy that's going first. So I think we are going to have a big learning experience in the first half of next year, not least for the customer that is going first. They're going to learn and impact in the marketplace. They're going to learn yield in a production environment, and that will contribute to answering your question. It's a really big question and one that is tough to answer right now.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If I'm allowed one, on top of that, it would just be, the bear case on Wall Street around companies are all around the 3D NAND transition. People say 3D NAND doesn't work. It's not going to work. We're not going to see all the memory spending that you, Jim, or some of the other companies think we're going to see. What do you say when people say that, to you?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, not so many people say that to me, but if they did say it to me, I would say, "Our customers that are articulating transitions are pretty smart people. They are convicted, and when they have established plans, previously, and in the transitions in the industry, they've kind of -- they can execute it in the way they thought they would. As I said, in the last call, until I have evidence to the contrary, I'm going to believe the statements from our customers.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Martin, always appreciative of your willingness to kind of give us macro actual numbers. I'm kind of curious, when you look to the $32 billion in WFE next year, can you give us some broad ranges of how you think that plays out between memory, logic and foundry? Just a sense of how you're thinking about those 3 buckets relative to that $32 billion WFE number?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I'm happy to do that, John. I would kind of just ask that you allow me the flexibility of kind of, slightly, a broader percentage range on these numbers because it is really early to be having a segment based conversation. But based on our understanding today, we would tend to presume that the single largest investment segment, next year, is foundry and a $13 billion to $14 billion range is probably a reasonable placeholder. The next biggest is memory, and we would see memory in the $12 billion to $13 billion range. And I think DRAM and flash are probably as close to 50-50 as they've been for a while since the dollars of invested capital and the balance is microprocessor, logic and other for us. So that $6 billion or so there. But there's a $4 billion range on the overall number I gave you. So please, remember that, as you think through the answer I've just given you.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then on -- Just to drill down on the foundry section. I think you've talked a little bit this year about 20-nanometer, you kind of given ranges between 30,000 and 50,000 wafer starts of investment, and I think, last quarter, you said the low end of that, one, has that changed. And as you think about foundry growth next year, how important is the 20-nanometer buildout? And does your number need FinFET build next year to get hit?
Martin B. Anstice: A certainly think there's traction on the FinFET 14, 16 node. I believe, every customer is publicly articulating some plans and I believe in the most recent CS&C earnings release that would say a specific statement on their timing. We have 2/3 and 1/3 is the relationship we're assuming right now, in terms of 20-nanometer capacity expansion next year versus the 14, 16 kind of a pilot and early phase production investments. And again, we got plenty of time to learn whether that's reasonable or not, and adjust it. I would say, as I said previously, for an equipment company, there's not a huge difference between the 20-nanometer spend and a 14, 16 spend. In fact, I think I saw a communications from customer in the last month that said, they have about a 95% equipment overlap between the final planar and first FinFET. And we've never been quite so precise in our quantification, but when the customer is articulating that and when, as I said, previously, when they visit with us, they've almost don't distinguish between the 20-nanometer ramp and the 14, 16. Hopefully, that is -- that's helpful perspective as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line with the Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the WFE view in 2014, Martin. Just wanted to see if you could share any early thoughts on how you're planning to manage the company and perhaps the first half of calendar 2014? Are you kind of managing, maybe for first half shipments, to stay at similar levels that we saw here in the second half, the calendar 2013? Or maybe something different?
Martin B. Anstice: I'm presuming you're not prepared to accept the answer, "I plan to manage the company well." But I think, relative to shipments, for example, our job and the philosophy of their running this company is, "We're going to ship to customers, when they need it. We're going to take orders off the street, when they're available to take off the street." As I think about running the company, there is a very clear commentary of discipline today, and I think that's probably an industry statement, but it's, for sure, a company statement. We take a lot of responsibility for the investment choices we're making. We are invested in the long-term success of the company, but we recognize that being responsible, supplementing the investment profile of the company, is really critical, and the best we can articulate, at a high level, is the financial model that Doug presented some time back for '13, '14 year and 15, 16 period. So that's really the framework for answering the question. We're not planning to go crazy spending more money next year. I suspect our customers are going to put lots of pressure on us, relative to the price of what we sell and, I suspect, the competitive dynamic will be as intense as ever. And I hope that the performance of the company, in the last 12 to 15 months, gives you some level of confidence that we are able to manage that. And certainly, that's the basis of our forecast ongoing. But I don't sit here and try to plan linear -- linearizing the calendar year. I would like us to take orders when they're available, ship when customers need it, get at revenues and qualify it as production capacity as fast as possible and collect cash. And then, start all over.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And maybe just a quick follow-up question on the December shipment guidance, can you share any color on how you think that'll split across, I guess, memory, foundry, logic?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, I mean, Steve, we talked about $1.125 billion. Within that, I think memory is probably up a little bit. I think, we're seeing reuse in the logic space, so it's likely that, that's down a bit. Foundry, maybe a push to slightly up. I think you're going to see some spending in 20 and maybe some of the legacy stuff nodes behind that, down slightly. And then, spares. We do ship spares, which we don't talk all that much about. But that is driven by utilization, at times, and I think you probably know, utilization in the industry is down a little bit, so we're probably shipping a fewer spares next quarter.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the last call, you mentioned push outs by some foundry suppliers to make the move to 20 nanometers. What are you seeing in your pipeline from those customers? Are they potentially pulling the trigger this quarter? Or are they stepping up the transition to 20 nanometers, in maybe more like first half of '14? Do you have visibility into when these customers are going to transition?
Martin B. Anstice: Actually, Harlan, I don't think that the story is much different today than it was 3 months ago. I mean, at least, qualitative, I described the fact, last call that, having originally anticipated 2 customers investing at 20 in a significant way, we were seeing evidence that it might be one and, in fact, the quantified reset of WFE is made on that basis today, with our narrowed range. And there's a big debate and I don't know the answer to the debate at this point. Again, it is not so impactful to us. Is it a 20? Or are they skipping to go to 16, 14?I will tell you that the FinFET transition is a very tough one. It has a lot of complexity to it, in terms of technology transition and has a lot of complexity in terms of yielding, and it isn't going to be easy. But we have very capable customers around the world and, I believe, that they believe there are performance [ph] benefits in the end-device and cost benefits in terms of their business. And so, my presumption is, if the fabless community is on the same page, everybody's going to want to get there as fast as possible. But for an equipment company, we may be the last to know because it isn't so important.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Makes a lot of sense. When we think about the complexities of next-generation manufacturing technology as we typically tend to think of things like higher selectivity, some thickness uniformity, et cetera, but we were just talking with a large memory supplier the other day, and they were pretty frustrated about the significant increase in manufacturing cycle times with some of these next-generation technology migrations, especially in NAND and DRAM. I think they were talking about something like a 40% increase in process steps and 30% increase on average cycle times to the fabs. So as Lam competes for PTOR on some of these new process modules, how much of the decision centers more around connectivity, i.e., cycle time? And is this a major differentiator for you on some of your next-generation tools and etch step in clean
Douglas R. Bettinger: That is a really good question. I would say, as a general theme, and it's one of the reasons that the mission statement of the company doesn't just say, "We want to be an innovator of technology." It says we want to be an innovator of technology and productivity solutions. I mean, the economics, for everybody, is such that we kind of deliver more to the customer around the productivity for many reasons, including the ones that you cited. That would be my general answer. At a specific level, particularly, when you get very significant changes in the definition of SAM and the most obvious example is deposition in 3D NAND. Productivity is a huge play. It isn't the only play, because there's a lot of complexity to the deposition process, high aspect ratio, reentering profiles, a lot of complexity there, in metals and in dielectric. But one of the themes of the deposition business of Lam Research is a multi-sequential station deposition architecture. And so, I believe, we have the most competitive offering in terms of productivity throughput solution sets and also clean room density, which is hugely relevant to the costs and the issues that you're describing. So I believe you're right. And I believe that the product and technology roadmap of Lam Research is structured to contribute the most value to the customer and to reinforce the legitimacy of the share gains we're pursuing.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicholas.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martin, first, in terms of the discussion you had about the 3D NAND and the increasing SAM, related to both etch and deposition, specifically on the etch side, given your current positions in silicon and dielectric, where do you see the biggest incremental opportunities as this industry transition is being made?
Martin B. Anstice: Where do I see the biggest opportunity in etch?
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: In etch, yes, between silicon and dielectric.
Martin B. Anstice: I would say the bigger opportunity is in dielectric.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then maybe...
Martin B. Anstice: I mean, but they're both -- obviously, they're both very important, not just in terms of growth, but they're both are important it in terms of defense. So they're getting a lot of our attention, but the biggest opportunity gain is, I would say, is in dielectric. And the success, frankly, that I would describe, the planar NAND share for the company is significantly above our average, kind of going into this transition. So that's a really fabulous result for the company, if it's exactly the same, and if it's better, that takes very good to very, very good, I guess.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, now that's helpful. Maybe for Doug, on the OpEx side of things. You guys did really good job this quarter and you did mention that there is some R&D timing issues related to when projects are. Just on a going forward basis, now that you've completed the integrations with Novellus, what are some of the other levels that you can play around with, in terms of the OpEx line, as you go forward?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Patrick, there's always tons of opportunities to do things more efficiently and better. And in the technology industry, you have to do that every year, and we will be doing that as we get into the next calendar year. In terms of thinking about it, Patrick, I'd encourage you to go back those financial models that I referred to. We've kind of got a certain level of spending baked into those models and that really is how we're thinking about -- running and managing the company is making sure we achieve and attain those models that we've committed to you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the foundry segment, when you talk about 2014 expectation, do you see any kind of seasonality and foundry spending next year? Or do you think that this year -- next year is going to be different, given that only one customer is having 20 nanometer, and given a piece of technology [indiscernible]. And I have a follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: I think I gave my best shot at answering that already. I -- clearly, there is one customer that, at least today, is leading the investments and the public commentary from them supports that. And clearly, there are a number of companies invested in creating an opportunity for competitive advantage with the FinFET transition. So maybe that's the slightly different story. But all things being equal, we would say, at this point, that the 20 nanometer is reasonably concentrated but broadening a little. And the 14 and the 16 FinFETs node is very early, obviously, and I think the foundry community wants to be -- everyone of them wants to be there first, for fairly intuitive reasons.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And just of the foundry shipments, what percentage of your shipments would be to the 28? Or excluding the 20 nanometers, what percentage of your shipments will be to some of the other customers?
Martin B. Anstice: For next year?
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: For the fourth [ph] quarter.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure. I don't have that to hand, unfortunately. I can't give you that right now.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. We typically don't break it at that level of detail, Vishal.
Carol Raeburn: Operator, we have time for 2 more questions, I think.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: First question, on foundry shipment. Do guys see any pull within -- you mentioned shipments would be higher in the September quarter, and it's sounds like December, it remains strong. Any risk that business is going pulled in from the first half of '14 into the second half of this year?
Martin B. Anstice: I guess, the only honest answer to that question is, there's always risk, but we don't see it today.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I see. Okay, that's fair. And then, maybe moving on to 3D NAND. You mentioned you're beyond the one large customer that -- obviously, if you a NAND customer who was working towards that and you're targeting a similar option in those customer, have any -- when we listen to this customer, they talk about 3D NAND being, frankly, some of them talk about 2 years out, right?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: How realistic are those opportunities being a 2014 opportunity? Or are lot of that still quite far out? And in terms of customer decision, are they getting close to making a decision? Because typically, they have to make the decision ahead of time, right? Are they close to a decision for equipment choice or are they still pretty far along?
Martin B. Anstice: I think, it varies enormously by customer. And it's one of the things we talked about in the analyst meeting and, again, in the last call. There are timelines of PTOR decisions and they range by, probably a year, from first customer to last customer, and there are PTOR decisions for customers that range, I think, 2 years, probably. And so, whether it's resting on our laurels or not, we've got to manage the risk that when we think we've won, that we can protect that win, all the way through the adoption. And when we haven't won, that we can turn it around for a production buy. So I would say, generally, the 3D NAND environment is still, significantly, in flux. Certainly, when it comes to high-volume manufacturing, and that will probably be true for a reasonable period of time in calendar '14.
Operator: It's your final question. It's from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a very quick single question. I, obviously -- commented on EUV push outs. I want to understand your perspective of what's going on there, and whether you're seeing any feedback from customers, specifically, with regard to roadmaps that used to be EUV versus traditional multi-patterning?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, it's a question I always ask the customer, and I have a sense that the answer that they give me is very similar to the answer that they'd probably give you. So I don't to have too much to add. Obviously, it shows up for us, in a tangible way, around patterning opportunities. And I would say, today, the recent disclosures we would only see as a positive, relative to an opportunity for Lam Research, principally in etch, but also, to some extent, in deposition. And I don't see downside to the SAM as we know it today, or the increased patents that we shared with you in our recent 2 analyst meetings. So for me, our job is to support the needs of the customer, and where they don't have any real alternative to patterning, they're going to look to us. And our job is to do that as economically as we can.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Martin, you said you don't see downside to multi-patterning. Do you see upsides based on recent developments?
Martin B. Anstice: I guess, I can always be hopeful of that, and the reason I'm, perhaps, I'm hesitant is because, if I do, there are upsides that would show up a couple of years from now, right? When you've kind of gone beyond double and you're into quadruple and I even saw a presentation with octuple, the other day. Now whether that ever plays out, that's a number of years away and a lot can change on an EUV roadmap or a customer's device architecture between now and then. So we'll cross that bridge when we get there.
Operator: And that's all the time that we have for Q&A. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Martin B. Anstice: I like to say thank you, all, again, for your continued interest in the company. As you likely can extract from our discussion today, we're very pleased at the continued progress against our mission and vision objectives. We remain excited about our future opportunities and customer partnerships. Based on our current understanding, we expect an expanding WFE market through 2014, and believe that Lam is nicely positioned in the areas of technology transition. The legacy strength of the company bodes well for the generally anticipated memory investment expansion. The new products across each of our businesses continue to strengthen our competitiveness, and the culture and values of our new company are firmly established. We believe that action speaks louder than words and hope the demonstration of financial performance reported today, that's consistent with our model, is recognized generally as validating our vision and our strategies and execution capability broadly. Thank you, again. We look forward to meeting with key shareholders in the coming quarter to discuss these themes more. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We'd like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Douglas R. Bettinger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Farhan Ahmad Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2013 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Shanye Hudson: Thanks, Sheryl. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, we will discuss our financial results for the June 2013 quarter and share our business outlook for the September 2013 quarter before opening up the call for your questions. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of the company's website along with the presentation slides accompanying today's call. Today's presentation and Q&A includes statements addressing our plans, strategies, expectations, beliefs, forecast and projections about company and industry performance, growth and opportunities and the factors affecting them. In addition, we're providing guidance. These are forward-looking statements based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those stated today and those described in our 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC that may cause actual results to differ materially. We encourage you to review the risk factor disclosure in our public filings, and the company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. Pacific time. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Okay. Thank you, Shanye. Just before I get started, as a reminder, the results I will be discussing today are primarily our non-GAAP results. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release and it's also available on the Lam Research website. The June quarter marked the successful completion of our first full year as a combined company with Novellus. We delivered strong performance with fiscal year shipments of $3.7 billion and revenue of $3.6 billion. Shipments, revenue and operating profit were all up between 30% and 40% for the fiscal year. We are truly operating as a single company today, thanks to the substantial effort from our dedicated workforce. For the June quarter, total shipments were up 21% sequentially to $1.1 billion, a record high for Lam Research. This result was driven by strength in the memory segment and particularly in DRAM, where our system shipments more than doubled quarter-over-quarter. For our system shipments, the entire memory segment made up 46%, which was up from 31% in March. Of that 46%, DRAM was 28% and NAND constituted the remaining 18%. Foundry shipments accounted for 43% of total system shipments, which is down from 56% last quarter, but its actually relatively flat on an absolute dollar basis as customers continued adding 28-nanometer capacity. The remaining 11% was comprised of logic and other shipments. So now let me turn to revenue, which was also a record high. Revenue was $986 million in the quarter, up 17% from the March quarter. Gross margin was 44.5%, a little bit better than we expected due to our richer mix, mainly from our installed base businesses. Gross margin was up from the prior quarter, which was 43.9%. The financial model that we presented during our investor event earlier this month, I think, provides a good medium- to long-term view of our targeted gross margin performance over time. But I think it's important to point out and to remember that we will see quarterly variations around that model. Operating expenses for the quarter came in at $297 million. This was up $1 million sequentially but it was lower than we expected due to a variety of factors, including the timing of certain R&D programs, as well as targeted and purposeful savings in the administrative areas. I would like to point out that we continue to grow our R&D spending while doing our best to contain SG&A. And just a related note, I know you guys have heard us speak about the ERP system integration project that we've been working on for a while now. As we sit here today, we're about a week away from the completion of that event. I'd personally like to take this opportunity to thank the people that have been focused on ensuring that this project be successful. Operating income was $142 million and operating margin was 14.4%. These results show a continued progression to the model that we presented during our investor event. Our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 1%, slightly lower than we expected. Contributing to this lower effective tax rate was the jurisdictional mix of income and the closure of certain worldwide tax audits. This tax result is compared with the negative 5.6% in the prior quarter. For the full fiscal year 2013, the tax rate was approximately 8%, and as we look forward to fiscal year 2014, our current expectation is for a tax rate in the mid-teens. Based on a share count of 170 million shares, earnings per share for the June quarter was $0.80. This is up from $0.44 in the March quarter and it exceeded our guided range. I'd like to point out that the share count includes the dilutive impact of approximately 4.5 million shares related to our 2041 convertible notes. And just to remind you, we posted the convertible note dilution schedule on our Investor Relations website for your reference, as well as to help you in your modeling. There were no share repurchases last quarter against our $250 million authorization due to the timing of approvals and program implementation. We are planning to begin executing on the program during the September quarter, and we continue to have plans to complete the authorization by the end of 2014. So now let me turn to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with gross cash and short-term investments, which includes our restricted cash of $2.7 billion. This is up from $2.5 billion in the March quarter. Approximately 25% of the June quarter end balance was onshore. DSO was 56 days and inventory turns were 4.1. We ended the quarter with deferred revenue of $389 million, which excludes approximately $70 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Cash from operations was $175 million. Company noncash expenses include, among other items, $25 million for equity comp, $43 million for amortization and $33 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $43 million in the quarter and it was spent primarily on lab equipment, facility improvements and tool evaluation equipment for our customers. We exited the quarter with approximately 6,600 regular, full-time employees. The slight headcount growth is consistent with our increasing R&D investments on the technology inflections. With that, I'll conclude my remarks and turn the call over to Martin.
Martin B. Anstice: Thanks, Doug, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate all of you joining today's earnings call. As the initial headline, we're really pleased with our performance for the June quarter and the solid financial and operational results we delivered for the fiscal year. For the quarter, we reported 48% non-GAAP operating income flow-through on incremental revenue growth sequentially and 18% cash from operations. Achievements both have formed the substance and value in our vision. Reflecting back on these past 12 months, I am inspired by this organization's execution to our integration plans and the progress we've made towards delivering on our growth strategies. Stated simply, our recent performance is generally consistent with our expectations, our stated market share ambition and the financial model reiterated earlier this month. During our Investor Analyst Meeting a few weeks ago, I remarked that Lam has transitioned from a mode of integrating 2 companies to competing successfully as one. As we embark on this next fiscal year, defense of past successes remains our foundation, but we are optimistic of our growth prospects and competitive strength long term. There is no doubt in my mind, we are stronger together than we were separately. Our ability to mitigate risks and exploit opportunities is greater today than our premerger operating state. Now let me offer a few perspectives on the industry relative to our forecasted wafer fab equipment spending range of $30 billion, plus or minus $2 billion for calendar year 2013. Proportionately, we still expect more than 50% of WFE spending to occur in the second half of this year. As is more customary than not, we've seen slight changes in the composition of those investments over the past several weeks, as customers adjust their individual investment plans to align more closely with their demand profile. But the basic headline of $30 billion, plus or minus $2 billion range, still seems a reasonable outlook for calendar year 2013. And although it is way too early to quantify 2014, we do consider our market opportunity increasing next year. Changes have been most prevalent in the Foundry space, where certain leading-edge capacity investments, predominately for the 20-nanometer node, are now expected in 2014 rather than second half of 2013 as originally expected. We still anticipate at least one Foundry customer to add 20-nanometer capacity this year and shipments starting to ramp this quarter. However, accounting for these adjustments, we now forecast Foundry WFE spend at slightly over $12 billion, approximately 5% to 10% lower than our view last quarter. We anticipate these changes will be partially offset by increased investments in the memory space, where supply conditions have remained very tight amidst strong demand for mobile products and connectivity generally. We currently estimate memory WFE in 2013 at the $11 billion level. As was apparent from our June quarter results, DRAM shipments increased sharply as manufacturers accelerated the pace of their capacity conversions to support strong demand for mobile DRAM. Based on our understanding of customers' plans today, we expect additional investments to occur later in the year. However, given the timing of these tools to come online, our projection for supply bit growth is still approximately 30%. For NAND, our customer spending forecast has not substantively changed with estimates for supply bit growth in the mid-40% range. We still project spending weighted to the second half of calendar 2013, with a split of roughly 40% and 60% first half versus second half. Although planar investments represent the majority of NAND spend in 2013, initial shipments for 3D device capacity is still expected to begin in the December quarter with Phase 1 equipment selections at the bearing stages of conclusion at this time. We have consistently forecasted a decline in microprocessor logic spend this year compared to 2012 which, we believe, aligns reasonably well with our customers' capital plans and expectations for investments to pick up in the second half of this year, predominantly for 14-nanometer capacity expansion. Given the influences over the second half noted here today, we would expect the December 2013 quarter to have stronger shipments than September. Against this reasonably stable and positive industry backdrop, all of our efforts are focused on continuing to execute on our strategic growth objectives, which collectively are designed to enable us to outperform the industry over the next several years. First, we are driving growth across our product portfolio by capitalizing on market expansion and technical inflection opportunities and innovating of the leading edge to deliver market share gains. For multiple years now, Lam has been steadfast in its commitment to sustain our levels of investments in new technology capabilities and to partner closely with our customers' development teams to address next-generation device requirements. Earlier this year, we began shipping our fifth-generation Kiyo conductor etch system, which further extends our leadership in CD and depth uniformity. Lam is the industry benchmark in this area, which has enabled us to maintain critical transistor-level applications and extend multiple patterning process steps, including 20-nanometer PTOR positions. For several quarters now, we've talked about gaining momentum in dielectric etch high-aspect ratio process steps for DRAM devices. Last year, we introduced the capability, enabling differentiated profile control of these deep structures, which enabled us to win PTOR selections for the majority of 2x DRAM device flows. These same capabilities have enabled us to capture a broad range of 3D NAND development positions and give us confidence in our ability to capture production tool decisions in the coming year. Given our strong etch market share today in NAND, the market expansion in the 3D transition creates accelerated growth opportunity, as we maintain our overall share position while at the same time focusing on capturing upside. Our latest VECTOR Strata PECVD platform enables significantly higher wafer output processing density than any other system on the market today. Lam's complete portfolio of high-productivity, 3D NAND, multilayer film stacks positions us well for the anticipated production tool selections. For Lam, this represents one of the single largest application and product-specific growth opportunities, defined by a very logic -- large market expansion, accompanied by our high-confidence market share plans. As market share leader for both of the metal deposition segments in which we compete, we focused on widening our competitive gap. In tungsten deposition, we are poised to benefit from the transition to 3D devices. Our ALTUS products provide low-resistivity films, which offer performance advantages for logic devices, and our ExtremeFill capabilities support some of the complex re-entrant profiles used in 3D NAND devices. In copper Electrofill, we're expanding into the advanced packaging space, having won a few applications already this year with our SABRE 3D products. Lam's long-held strategy has focused on the most technical and productivity-critical applications, and the sample of successes I've just described are the result of addressing our customers' needs on time, not early or late, and in a manner they can trust for the long term. As stated many times, we don't win or defend everything all of the time, but we have and plan to continue winning more than we do not. That history and belief in the substance of the competitiveness of our product roadmap today provides us the confidence in our ability to capture 1 to 2 points of shipped market share gain in both etch and deposition this calendar year, also to achieve our long-term growth targets. In single-wafer clean, we remain the market share leader for back-end processes and now have commitments from 2 of the top 3 capital spenders to shift our next-generation, single-wafer clean system, the first of which will ship in the coming weeks. Minimally, these customer decisions are recognitions that we have eliminated our productivity disadvantage and have the vision to optimize their running costs. It is also our belief that they represent a critical building block to extend our successes in back-end-of-line clean processing to front-end-of-line applications. These new applications are more technically challenging, where the value of Lam as a provider of etch, deposition and clean solutions combined, can present differentiated value to our customers. As a complement to growing our systems business, we are also strengthening our competitiveness through our customer support and service offerings. As previously stated, this component of our business can represent 1/4 of our total revenues across the cycle and provides a solid base for building competitive differentiation over the lifetime of our customers' investments, not just at the point of equipment selection. In addition, it creates an income stream that is as close to an annuity as possible in this business. And with an increased level of focus and innovation at Lam, we believe it represents an exciting opportunity for growth. We are targeting to create value for our customers and, in turn, deliver compound annual revenue growth in excess of 5% over the next 5 years in our installed base business. Our customer services and installed base business have served to strengthen our competitive profile through technical differentiation, productivity and capital efficiency solutions. As an example, we recently developed a proprietary path cleaning process for some etch components that are critical and used in leading-edge logic manufacturing. These efforts improve the mean time between chamber cleans by more than a factor of 3, which translates to a significant improvement in availability for our customer. Lam has an installed base business of more than 30,000 semiconductor equipment process modules globally. Our supports and improvements of this installed base, not only provides us with rapid cycles of learning, but also a source of revenue commensurate to the value of solutions provided to our customers. Moreover, we offer an upgrade path for our family of etch, deposition and clean products, which provides capital-efficient means for our customers to extend the life of their installed base of Lam equipment, a capability never worth more to our future differentiation. Combined, we believe these actions can provide in excess of $1 billion of incremental revenue for Lam in the 2016 time frame, assuming a WFE spend environment of approximately $35 billion. As we look ahead, we continue to invest in new technology and productivity capabilities in order to keep pace with our customers' evolving needs and remain focused on achieving the growth potential associated with the Novellus merger. We are already realizing synergies from some major projects. We've previously talked about our 450-millimeter development program and the significant savings we have been able to recognize in terms of resources, development time and driving commonality across products. We were also able to leverage design elements from our copper electroplating products, including the robotics to reduce development cycle time for our next-generation clean products by an estimated 30%. Today, our etch products utilize pulsing technology for processes requiring very high selectivity to underlying materials. We are benefiting from Novellus' knowledge and experience with atomic layer deposition to further enhance our etch capabilities and extend our differentiation to meet future technology needs. I would like to take the opportunity to thank each of our employees for their dedication and tireless efforts over this past year to integrate both companies. I would also like to thank our customers and suppliers for their continued partnership and trust through a significant period of change at Lam. Our opportunity for growth is significant and I believe, more than ever, that the substance of our vision, the quality and innovation of the Lam team and the operational execution of our companies together will prevail competitively. Turning now to our outlook. Non-GAAP guidance for the September 2013 quarter is as follows: shipments and revenues both of $1 billion, plus or minus $30 million; gross margin at 44%, plus or minus 1%; operating profit at 14%, plus or minus 1.5%; and earnings per share of $0.68, plus or minus $0.07, based on a share count of approximately 170 million shares. With that, Doug and I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolas.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martin, first in terms of the outlook you provided on the memory side, can you give us a little bit of color in terms of what you're going to see in the September quarter in terms of the mix between DRAM and NAND? Do you see any shifts there? Or is this still going to be a little stronger toward the DRAM side for the September quarter?
Martin B. Anstice: I'll actually take -- it's Doug, Patrick. I'll actually take that one. When you look at the back half of the year broadly, it's going to be stronger in NAND than the first half was. DRAM was actually, we think, a little bit stronger in the first half than the second half. So when you go through the remainder of the calendar year, our expectation is memory is going to be stronger in the second half but it's going to be a NAND story more than anything else.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And maybe specifically for you in terms of the operating model, you did a pretty good job in terms of the June quarter on the OpEx line. I guess, how do you balance the continued investments in R&D, particularly with a lot of these process technology transitions that we're seeing today offsetting it on the SG&A line to keep that OpEx around that $300 million level mark you've talked about in the past?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, Patrick, it's a good question and it's a delicate balancing act that the management team and the company really gets paid to execute to. You cant just trade things off all the time. We do the best that we can to rationalize what we absolutely need to spend and not anymore on the administrative side, such that we can spend a little bit more on R&D to invest in these technology inflections where we see market opportunities that have nice return. But you kind of work your way through at each quarter and it's -- you got to make tradeoffs and that's what we're doing today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Martin, I guess, first question, just in terms of kind of reconciling the bullishness that we heard from the whole industry at SEMICON West, we fast-forward a couple of weeks to earnings and now a couple of companies maybe give guidance that doesn't quite meet the Street in the September quarter numbers. Is that just a function of Street being ahead of itself? Is it a function of the timing? Because you did -- you did refer to the fact that the December quarter would be better. Has something changed? Has there been some movement since SEMICON West? Just -- and I think we're all struggling a little bit with the difference between what we all thought we heard then and kind of what we're seeing in the numbers now.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think, that is pretty kind of normal. The subtleties of one quarter to another are pretty complex for any of us to get precisely right. But from our perspective, the tone that we're communicating today qualitatively and quantitatively, we don't regard in any way, shape, or form as different from the conversation we had 3 to 4 weeks ago in our Analyst Meeting. I do think, and I kind of made a qualitative statement in my prepared comments about the December outlook, we don't specifically give guidance for December and I don't really want to do that today. But if it helps put the September context -- September guidance in context, I would expect the shipments of our company to exceed $1.1 billion in the December quarter. And in large part, that reflects the momentum in memory. And to Doug's point, the dollars of investments in memory are very biased to NAND flash but the strength that we're seeing, that showed up in the June quarter, first and foremost, but also repeats at some level in the second half, is DRAM driven being by the kind of mobile requirements there.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just in terms of pricing, particularly in etch, I mean, as always, when we go to see all the different companies, everybody in etch says they're gaining share and obviously, the proof is in the pudding and you guys have demonstrated that in the numbers that you are actually gaining share. But in an environment where everybody is trying to gain share, have you seen any more -- everybody's trying to gain share, is there any more pricing than normal in that area?
Martin B. Anstice: I don't know if I would say, frankly, that the biggest influence over pricing is the competitive dynamic. I think the bigger influence over pricing, frankly, is the consolidation of the semiconductor industry and the fact that 65% to 70% of wafer fabrication equipment spending is in the hands of the 3 companies today. So on a case-by-case basis, I'm sure any one of us feels an ebb and a flow of pricing intensity. But my fundamental impression today is that the competitive environment is exactly kind of where it has been and where we'd expect it to be and nothing kind of fundamental to report in terms of pricing for that reason today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 of them. If I look at your September quarter guidance, what is the reason for the gross margin, off margin being slightly below your June run rate?
Martin B. Anstice: I think the simple answer is that it isn't that much different from the June run rate. I mean, if we want to have a discussion about 0.4%, I guess we can. But the complexity of individual products really kind of has us approaching this in much the same way we did last quarter, and we got a range on the guidance for that reason. We got a point or so around the 44%. And certainly, the most important message is a message of consistency to the model that Doug presented at our Analyst Meeting. And so we feel that at the billion-dollar level of shipments and revenue, the 44 percentage points is a very good place for us to be against the objective, which really is, kind of 6 months from now, is kind of end of December run rate's performance of 45% that's in our model. So we actually feel pretty good about it frankly.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, Krish, this is Doug. I'll just add, in my view, we're consistent with that model. You always have ebbs and flows. As Martin was pointing out, different things have different profitability and you sell more or less of 1 quarter-to-quarter. It's hard to predict that sometimes. But within a range, we're pretty comfortable with where we are.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. All right. And then just to follow up on that, it looks like you guys are still working on lowering the COGS, working with your suppliers to boost your gross margins. So if I just take your September or even June revenue run rate, roughly $1 billion, assuming the same mix of products between legacy Lam and Novellus, how will the gross margin look like, let's say, 1 year, 1.5 years from now?
Douglas R. Bettinger: That's a pretty hard question to answer, Krish, because mix is never exactly the same. The synergies that I showed you earlier this month are coming to fruition. We're on track with the things that we expect. So everything else was equal. Every single tool, percentage was the same and going down the pricing stack, we would be a decent amount, call it, maybe a percentage point higher in gross margin, again, consistent with that model. But I caution you on that. The mix is never the same every single quarter. Things ebb and flow every quarter but that's where we're at.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I had 2 questions. First, Martin, you've pretty consistently been talking all year about the year being 55/45 back-half loaded. So if I just do that math, your shipments in Q4 should be even better than $1.1 billion. They had to be like $1.2 billion. So I'm wondering whether that 55/45 math still holds, and then I had a follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: I think I have tended more often than not to kind of say high 40s, low 50s rather than the specific numbers you've described. So maybe there's 1 point in 10 where I've done exactly what you just said. As I said, I -- it is rather unusual for us to put a stake in the sand for December. I've done it because I think it's relevant to communicating the outlook of the company certainly, in light of the questions that have already been raised today. And certainly, when we approach signaling our outlook for December, we're doing it with a level of risk, which is different than the outlook for September and our commentary is consistent with that. So whether it is higher than $1.1 billion or not, time will tell but at a minimum, we can see $1.1 billion on the horizon.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then a follow-up on the NAND, specifically 3D NAND, is there a way that you can determine what portion of the bookings as you look out into next year, what portion -- whatever the NAND is 3 quarters and whatever WFE is next year, what portion of NAND WFE will be 3D versus planar? Because it sounds like there's another customer, not just the big one, that is now pushing forward with some plans on 3D. So I'm wondering if you can give us some mix commentary next year.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, that's a really tough one. I'm not sure that there's sufficient public disclosure from our customers to really do that, Tim. I mean, unquestionably, there is kind of a learning experience for everybody here in front of us with the first set of investments in a very complex transition. And as is true in every complex transition, it's all about yield and it's all about the performance delivered from the devices. And there isn't obviously, today, production evidence of any of that. And so presuming that all plays out, presuming there's demonstrated performance advantage from the device, presuming it is yielding in a manner consistent with delivering the economics, then I'd expect the proportion to go up. And whether it's more than half or less than half, time will tell. But it is easy to visualize it in that kind of area. But as you guys all know, the public commentary from customers around transition from planar to 3D devices in NAND flash memory kind of tracks over a 1- to 3-year timeline. So there's a lot of questions still outstanding I think.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: This is Farhan Ahmad asking the question on behalf of John. I wanted to talk to you about the Foundry shipments in second half. As you look into the second half, how do you see the Foundry shipments tracking in your September and December quarter?
Martin B. Anstice: Right. I think the biggest message is the one that has been kind of talked about, I think, for the last 3 or 4 weeks. The 28-nanometer spending is broadening, and the 20-nanometer transition is beginning. And we kind of expected more than one customer to be transitioning to 20-nanometer, and we now expect there to be essentially one. And I did put a range out there originally of 30,000 to 50,000 wafer starts of investments at 20-nanometer. And I would say, in light of what we've communicated today, we'd be at the low end of that range in terms of our expectations. And that's the basis of the guidance that's given for September and the outlook that I've shared for December.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then in regards into your NAND shipments, should we -- just based on the commentary, is it fair to expect that shipments would be up in September and again, in December as well?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. They very likely will be up sequentially each quarter. I'm not going to quantify it for you but that's the direction we expect it to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Chad going online for Vishal. Could you just talk about what your expectations are for 60-nanometer? Are you seeing any pull in towards 2013? Or is it going to be much more of a 2014 phenomenon?
Martin B. Anstice: You have to ask that again. I didn't catch it.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Oh, what are your expectations for 60-nanometer? Are you seeing any pull into the 2013? Or will it be just a 2014 phenomenon?
Martin B. Anstice: You're talking a FinFET transition in the Foundry. Is that the question?
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Correct.
Martin B. Anstice: Okay. I think, frankly, they -- I guess they have to deliver those headlines. But I -- certainly, one of the things I'll share with you is that when a customer dialogues with us today, and I suspect this is probably quite true for every equipment company, the separation and the conversation between the final planar generation and the first FinFET generation is very subtle, and so we're almost kind of indifferent to it. I mean, there are clearly some new application areas. There are clearly some process times that go up, and the stamp [ph] of the company increases in the planar or the FinFET transition, but it doesn't increase for any of us to the same extent that the 28-nanometer to 20-nanometer conversion was. So I would say that there is clearly a race in the Foundry community to a FinFET. But certainly, the spending that's in front of us is a 20-nanometer, planar-biased spending.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And maybe a little bit too early, but maybe you could talk about how you expect the spending mix to trend between Foundry and logic versus memory when you're thinking about 2014 versus 2013?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think the first part of your question was right on. It's too early. But I'll -- at the risk of being held to this, certainly, we see for a bunch of reasons, the discipline of our customers' sort of process of adding capacity, particularly in memory, where clearly the pricing environment tells us all how imbalanced supply and demand is today, and also a more positive outlook in terms of general consumer electronic demand and adoption of various technologies. But 2014 is a stronger WFE year than 2013. Now use your math and change between now and then, but as a basic outlook in the middle of calendar '13, that will be our commentary. And consistent with my -- the first part of my answer, we would expect that the memory proportion of spending increases. And certainly for Lam Research, that's a net positive because the bias, the strength of the company historically has been more in memory than in logic, although that is normalized a little bit through the integration of Lam and Novellus. But still, we are more memory-biased as a company and so as the expectation for a higher-memory content in WFE exists, that's positive for the company. If that assumption is wrong, then the positive I just described doesn't exist.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Martin, I have a question on the comments you made on clean in your opening remarks. You said you have commitment from 2 customers to evaluate the new clean system for the front end of the line. Did I hear that correctly? And if you can provide some more color on that, that would be helpful.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I didn't actually articulate the specific application areas in my prepared comments and nor will I, just to preserve the competitive component of things. But certainly, it's a very big milestone for the company, being able to make the statement that I just did. As you all understand, we're in a kind of critical juncture relative to the economics of the clean business, and we have had a productivity disadvantage for the last 5 years. We've been essentially the only large, clean company limited to an 8-chamber platform. And we've been able to address that to a level of satisfaction, at least to accomplish the first result, which is getting a couple of very large customers committed to partner with us, to evaluate and hopefully, qualify that capability. And the product has been designed with the objective in mind to open up the front end-of-line application space, which is a huge part of the clean market space, which has more generally not been available to us with the Da Vinci prime product. And so we will, in an R&D environment, be validating on a mix of back-end of the line and front-end of the line application areas I expect. And certainly, the business objective is we're successful in both segments of single-wafer clean.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just wanted to follow up on your Foundry commentary again. I guess you mentioned that you had multiple -- you were expecting multiple customers to start ramping 20-nanometer and now you're down to 1. I'm just -- the question I have is, is it related to more of your -- the customers making the decision to skip 20 and go directly to 14-nanometer? Or is it the difficulty with the 20-nanometer NAND? Can you give us some...
Martin B. Anstice: I think only they can answer that question. My impression is not a statement of jumping, but that's just an impression.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a follow-up question on the operating expenses. So if Lam's December shipments can possibly hit this $1.1 billion level, do you think Lam can come close to the target model for OpEx, which is I think 28% in that December quarter, since I think the ERP system will be fully implemented and...
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. There's upward bias on the numbers certainly and yes, I think we have a decent shot at getting to the target in the December quarter. We've got some work left to do, but I think we've got a shot at getting there.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up question on the growing NAND shipments that you're expecting in the second for the year, can you share some color on the split that you think you'll see across technology upgrades versus any capacity additions for NAND in the second half for this year?
Douglas R. Bettinger: I think you're still going to see a lot of conversion spending, which has been what you've seen over the last, I don't know, several quarters -- several years, actually, hopefully. There will be some capacity additions and some conversions, so it'll be a blend.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International Group.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One for Doug, when you look at your internal capacity and given what you have in place, what kind of a maximum revenue can you generate before having to add more headcount?
Douglas R. Bettinger: More headcount?
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: More headcount or more overhead.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Well, you -- volume does -- or headcount does scale to a certain extent with headcount. Now from a facility standpoint, we can add a lot of volume before we need to add any facilities. But that's one statement. And then second, you need to understand that a lot of our manufacturing is outsourced, so it varies with volume.
Martin B. Anstice: I would estimate that probably 1/3 of the headcount of the company is flexed to volume.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So in terms of total expense, is it just the R&D and investment that maybe you're adding the risk of the overhead and the headcount is pretty much flexible and you have plenty of headroom in terms of how much revenue you can generate, is that the right way of thinking about it?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, that's true. Martin's comment is right about kind of the manufacturing volume. We are investing more in R&D resources because we see opportunities for profitable growth. And then we do our best to squeeze the administrative functions or let revenue grow without adding anything in that area. That's kind of how we think about it.
Martin B. Anstice: So obviously, one of the things we have the benefit of is a lot more information about Lam Research than you do. And so we ask the same question that you do and try to share our best perspective with you using the financial model. So all of the questions that are relevant to the future economics of the company are try -- are incorporated to the best of our abilities in the financial model. So I would encourage you and others to keep referring back to that model presented by Doug in the Analyst Meeting.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then one other question in terms of the big picture, as you commented in the prepared remark or early on, you said that, yes, there was 1 or 2 Foundry order or customer that were going to do 20. But now things have changed over the past couple of weeks since SEMICON West announced that has been pushed out to next gen. How quickly things change, especially since your customers have consolidated. If I were to take that and apply it to a 3D NAND, which is a subjective debate that is coming up over the past month, there are 2 groups, 1 group Koreans, they keep talking about adding parallel [ph] and 3D and then to others outside of Korea, they think the 1Z [ph] Should be doable for the next couple of years. So to that extent, what gives confidence that all of this hype around 3D is nothing but hype and we're going to have working examples out by Q1 or Q2 of next year?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think, the only thing that we can ever do, whether it's a transition commentary or not, whether it's memory or logic, is dialogue with our customers and trust that they're communication to us is authentic. And what we're communicating to you today is our interpretation of this due to the customer. So I think there is legitimacy. I think even the most committed customer in the world would say it's a complex transition, and there's a lot to learn in the pilot line. And based on the learning in production and in the marketplace relative to performance benefits, this will either speed up, it will either slow down or it will either hold the projections that are commonly anticipated. But right now, our belief is that we're shipping products into a 3D environment this calendar year.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And do we know for sure that these equipments are going to be used for 3D and not just planar?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I -- again, I can only believe what I'm told by my customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So a question on the Foundry side, I think you talked about this year shaping up to really the -- less than what you have previously forecast. Should we read that as some of these 20-nanometer projects that you were expecting got pushed out in 2014 and potentially even in the first half of 2014? Or are these just on hold until there's some technical challenges there? How do you kind of think about that?
Douglas R. Bettinger: My impression is pushed.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. Okay, okay, great. That's, okay, helpful. It's a straightforward answer there. I guess second question I have on the wet clean side, I think you talked about new products there that you guys position in the marketplace, right? With this new product, right, do you believe that you've closed the gap? And maybe a different way of asking that is, if this new product is -- takes more time to get adopted by the customer, is there any risk that your customer will qualify competitive product even in the back end of the line, which you, like you said, historically, you guys are stronger?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, there's always a risk but there's always an opportunity. I mean, I -- at the fundamental level, I believe the decisions by our customers are about as influential as anything I could share with you around the fundamental capability of the company and the differentiation that's available in terms of productivity and then results on wafer. And results on wafer is defined around particle-removal efficiency, it's defined around collapse-free drying and a lot of the market transitions and technical inflections that we've talked about today and in our Analyst Meeting create very significant challenges in the cleaning segment. And so, I think, again, consistent with what we've said that previously, the clean business unit in the portfolio of our 3, right? We have etch, we have dep, we have clean, simply stated. The clean market share progression -- the long-term progressions are likely to be more hockey stick than the other 2, which are likely to be more linear in their expansion. So that's about the best, I guess, I could share at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Heller with CLSA.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Doug, just had a quick question. You gave some guidance on the shipments for the fourth quarter -- calendar fourth quarter. But looking back at the presentation from the Analyst Day, you're talking about, maybe about $4.1 billion in revenue in context of a $30 billion WFE, does that still hold? Or would you come in below that model?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, that commentary, Mark, and I'm sorry if I wasn't clear about describing it, it was kind of a '13, '14 statement. In a $30 billion WFE, we would expect to be around $4.1 million for the year. It's not necessarily a statement around the current year.
Martin B. Anstice: So I'll supplement my comment. I think if you take the guidance and you take the December reference that I provided on shipments, you're going to see mathematically a number that looks very similar to the one that Doug stated. And the timing of revenue acceptance is all about specific shipment days and weeks in the quarter, and that's a little hard to predict at this point and the timing of the acceptance cycle. Frankly, we don't worry so much about that. We worry about taking orders from our customers as soon as they're available, and we worry about shipping products and meeting their demand and getting the systems installed. Acceptance cycles take care of themselves usually.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Got it. And did you disclose a backlog number?
Martin B. Anstice: No.
Douglas R. Bettinger: No. No, we didn't, Mark.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can I ask one more question then? You talked about, previously, a competitive win in the logic side of the business. How should we expect the logic shipments to trend over the next quarter or 2?
Martin B. Anstice: But I think it's a trend you should assume is highly correlated to the outlook of our customers. I mean the Foundry components of logic is a reasonably evenly distributed first half, second half, not precisely today, but reasonably so and the microprocessor environment increases. And so you should expect the trend for Lam is consistent with that. Obviously at a product level, the other side of the memory strength for the company is a little less than normal profile in microprocessor logic, but I think you guys have -- are well practiced in modeling that at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citigroup.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This question goes back to questions on the clean market. I believe the product introduction for front-end-of-line clean against DNS is slated for, perhaps, later this year. Also wanted to just understand correct timing of that, and then also wanted to understand your perspective on DNS's introduction of its back-end-of-line product as well, which I think is slated for end of year?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think relative to our competition in any of our markets, we regard DNS with respect. They have a tremendous history in batch cleaning and successfully leveraged that strength into the front-end-of-line cleaning space particularly. I think the installed base in the history of Lam Research is a tremendous value proposition in the back-end-of-line space. And frankly, we're winning business today with the Da Vinci-Prime product. And so I think there's only upside for the company in terms of competitive strength with the next-generation product there. But we have to be sensitive to all competitive threats, where they come from, whether it's DNS, whether it's Intel. And certainly, our really most important focus right now is on making a success, given that our customers have voted and accepted our next-generation system into their R&D environment and to take advantage of that opportunity to demonstrate the substance of our vision. And we have a lot of people invested in the success of this, and we'll do our very best to deliver on that promise.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just the final aspect, I just wanted to understand timing of when we begin to see revenue progress from the newer product.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, we're shipping the first of a few in weeks and quite when that translates itself from an R&D environment into a production buy its, frankly, a little early for us to communicate right now. But ask the question again, if you still think it's important in 3 months from now, and we'll see if we're any closer to answering it.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions. Martin, I just wanted you to clarify, you had some remarks about the PTOR positions in 3D NAND. I just wanted to make sure, are all decisions for 3D NAND finalized as of now?
Martin B. Anstice: No.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And second question is, one of your peer group companies indicated that the memory shipments or memory orders could go back to some normalized levels probably in the Q4 timeframe -- calendar Q4 timeframe. I was just wondering, how sustainable is the memory spend going into the first half of 2014?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I'm not really sure these days to make that kind of references to normalized. But I do think we deliver a very consistent message in terms of strengthening of memory spending and for all of the reasons that we've been communicating pain in the last 12 months, the discipline of our customers, we'd expect that discipline to continue. So I think sustainability in an environment of discipline is usually pretty good. And certainly, the penetration roadmaps and the adoption and the replenishment cycles and bit growth assumptions in and around mobile and connectivity-related electronic products, I think, kind of bodes reasonably well for our future. But we'll see.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I would like to hand the call over to Shanye Hudson for closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: Okay. I'd like to thank everyone on the call for spending this last hour here with us today. As a reminder, a webcast replay of this call will be available later this afternoon on our website. And on behalf of the entire management team, we appreciate your interest in Lam Research.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation June 2013 Quarterly Results Conference Call. We thank you for your participation. And at this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Douglas R. Bettinger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Benedict Pang - B. Riley Caris, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2013 Quarterly Results. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Vince. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. With me here today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Bettinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, Doug will discuss our financial results for the March 2013 quarter. Martin will then share Lam's business outlook for the June 2013 quarter before we open the call for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our expectations of market size; the timing and quantity of wafer fab equipment spending; the revenue expectations of shipment to our Japanese customers; technology trends and transitions that may affect our business; market share changes; consumer demand, customer spending and behavior and the factors that will influence those expectations; our spending projections, investment plans and business focus and strategies; the positioning of Lam's products and services; the completion dates of various projects, such as our ERP integration, share repurchase activity and shipment of beta units for new products; our expectations of the benefits resulting from our Novellus acquisition; our intentions for research and development activities; our contemplated tax rate; and our forecast of cost savings, market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, operating profit, earnings per share and cash generation both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis; as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'll turn the call over to you, Doug.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thank you, Shanye, and let me add my welcome to everyone on the call. During the short time I've been here, I've been coming up to speed on our business by having extensive one-on-ones and by attending our management meetings. I've had the opportunity to get to know something about Lam's people, processes and products, and I just thought I'd let you know that I've been very impressed with the caliber of this management team and equally impressed with the way we run the company. For today's presentation, I'll start by reviewing our March quarter results, which will include an update on our merger-related cost synergies. I'll finish up with a few comments regarding capital deployment. And before I jump into it, I should point out that the numbers I reference today will primarily be our non-GAAP numbers. Our March quarter results provided a solid start to the calendar year, as evidenced by performance that was above the midpoint of our expectations on most of our guided metrics. Overall, total shipments were up 12% quarter-over-quarter to $896 million. This was driven by continued strength in the foundry segment at the 28-nanometer node. During the quarter, approximately 87% of our system shipments were for applications at the sub-4x technology node. This compares with 78% in the December quarter. At a segment level, foundry shipments accounted for 56% of the total system shipments. This is up from 51% last quarter. The memory segment made up 31%, up from the low of 20% in December. Of that 31%, NAND flash constituted 15% and DRAM was 16%. The remaining 13% was made up by logic and other shipments. Revenue came in at $845 million, which was $15 million better than the midpoint of our guided range and down 2% sequentially. Revenue was a little stronger than we expected, driven by multiple customers in our deposition business. Gross margin was 43.9%, a little bit better than expectations and down slightly from the December quarter, which was 44.2%. From a cost of goods sold synergy standpoint, a number of new supplier agreements took effect this quarter, and we have started to see some of those cost savings. We expect those savings to accelerate in the back half of the calendar year. And as we planned, operating expenses for the quarter were $296 million, which was up from $281 million in the prior quarter. During the quarter, we made progress toward our OpEx-related cost savings. We expect the completion of our ERP systems integration project to contribute towards achieving the remaining portion of the OpEx synergies. And I'll just let you know, system testing is well underway, and our team has done a solid job keeping the project on track to our original schedule. We expect the implementation of the newly combined system following the close of our fiscal year. And to date, we have achieved approximately half of the overall targeted cost synergies. Now let me provide you a short commentary on 450-millimeter. Consistent with the timing of our customers' stated plans, we see our investments in 450 programs ramping in 2013. This is an area where we expect to deliver significant synergy benefits to the customer, as well as the company. We have successfully merged our engineering team activities and are executing plans to drive commonality across many aspects of our etch, deposition and strip platforms. We are closely managing our investments to meet both our customers' requirements for 450 while strengthening our competitive differentiation for the remaining 300-millimeter production nodes, which are critical to the success of our customers over the next 5 years. I'll close out my spending discussion with the comment that we remain focused and committed to not exceeding the spending levels that we discussed during our recent Analyst Day of 305 millimeters per quarter at the $1 billion revenue run rate. Operating income was $75 million and operating margin was 8.8%. Our tax rate for the quarter was a negative 5.6%, which was lower than we expected and down from 17.3% in the prior quarter. Our favorable tax rate this quarter is primarily attributed to the jurisdictional mix of income, as well as the extension of the federal R&D tax credit. Taxes had a positive impact on our EPS this quarter of approximately $0.02. We would expect a rate -- a tax rate for the fiscal year in the high single digits. Based on a share count of 169 million shares, earnings per share for the March quarter was $0.44. The share count includes the dilutive impact of approximately 2.7 million shares related to our 2041 convertible notes. And just a reminder about these. Whenever our average quarterly stock price is above the $35.11 conversion price, these notes have a dilutive impact. In the March quarter, our average stock price was $40.71. To help you understand the dynamic from these notes better, we've posted a dilution schedule on our Investor Relations website. Now let me move to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with gross cash and short-term investments, including our restricted cash, of $2.5 billion. Approximately 30% of this was onshore. This compares with gross cash of $2.7 billion at the end of the December quarter. Cash is down a bit from the prior quarter as we continued executing share repurchases and we paid our annual bonuses. And I'd just point out, cash net of debt and the restricted amounts was $1.1 billion. DSO came in at 63 days and inventory turns were 3.7. We ended the quarter with deferred revenue of $327 million, which excludes approximately $50 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Cash from operations was $102 million, with approximately 20% of this generated onshore. Our cash generation this quarter was negatively impacted by those annual bonus payments I mentioned, as well as the growth in inventory to support our growing shipment plans. Company noncash expenses include, among other items, $26 million for equity comp, $45 million for amortization and $30 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $35 million, and we ended the quarter with approximately 6,500 regular full-time employees. And finally, I wanted to provide an update on our share repurchase activity during the March quarter. We spent $214 million and took delivery of approximately 5 million shares of common stock. This substantially completes our previous $1.6 billion share repurchase authorization. Additionally, as I'm sure you saw today, we announced a new share repurchase authorization of $250 million, which we expect to be completed in 2014. I just thought I'd let you know, I spent a decent amount of time working with the team looking at capital structure since I joined the company in early March. Given a largely offshore distribution of our cash, as well as cash generation, as well as the current uncertainty with regard to corporate tax reform, we believe ongoing share repurchases to be the best use of cash at this time. I would like to tell you that we're committed to an ongoing return of excess cash to shareholders, and we will continue to evaluate the best ways to do that. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin for further color on the quarter.
Martin B. Anstice: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. Before I begin, I would like to officially welcome Doug to Lam Research. As expected, Doug brings a solid financial track record and extensive leadership experience to the company. He is quickly assimilating to Lam's culture, and I'm very pleased to have him as a member of the leadership team as a true business partner. Many of you will have an opportunity to meet with him in the coming weeks and months as we plan Investor Relations activities. I'm sure you will quickly come to appreciate his strengths. In the meantime, we've had a nice start to calendar 2013. As Doug just articulated, we delivered solid financial performance for the March quarter, meeting our expectation. We continue to position Lam products and services for market share growth. We realized incremental cost savings and remain on track for achieving our run rate synergy targets by the calendar year end. And we concluded our $1.6 billion share repurchase authorization, retiring approximately 44 million shares, faster than originally targeted, at an average price of approximately $36. Previously, we shared an expectation for the merger to be accretive to earnings in the June quarter of this year. Worthy of note, we have delivered earlier against this objective also. March 2013 was the second straight quarter of accretion with and without the benefit of the incremental share repurchase activity. Two such data points do not guarantee all our integration objectives will be realized, but the company is truly operating as one company at the customer interface. Our ability to pursue opportunities and manage risks is undoubtedly stronger together than was true 1 year ago as 2 stand-alone companies. The ongoing and integration-related accomplishments of Lam, we believe, are significant. They reflect the substance of our vision and the talents and dedication of our employee population globally. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank them all and to thank our customers and our suppliers for their continued support and partnership. I'll now take a few minutes to share our perspective on the industry. In many respects, things are generally playing out as expected. The trajectory of our performance is positive, supported by our shipments guidance for the June 2013 quarter given today, which will represent an activity level 34% higher than only 6 months ago. Most of that appears to be acceleration in timing of planned investments, hence, our decision to retain our outlook for 2013 WFE spending at the $30 billion level approximately. We expect the current strengthening, which is predominantly in the memory space, to ultimately lead to a more balanced first half versus second half weighting of high 40s, low 50s, respectively, for calendar 2013. Starting with the DRAM segment, the pricing conditions have clearly improved over the past couple of quarters, supported by healthy demand for mobile and server products. These non-PC DRAM segments account for more than 60% of overall DRAM bit consumption today. As a result of these conditions, DRAM manufacturers generally appear to be increasing the pace of their conversion plans to transition existing capacity to the 3x and 2x technology nodes, although original equipment purchases for capacity are clearly rare. We believe that DRAM capacity is reasonably fungible, meaning manufacturers can convert, relatively quickly, mobile and PC DRAM output. We still project minimal new capacity additions this calendar year and between 450,000 and 500,000 wafer starts of capacity conversion. This activity supports overall DRAM bit growth in a range of 25% to 50%, and our analysis suggests pricing should remain healthy, with very tight supply for the foreseeable future. Still, today, the NAND segment represents the most difficult to predict and largest swing factor of spending. But this is largely a debate about the final quarter of this year and the first quarter of next, we believe. Similar to DRAM, we're seeing a couple of NAND manufacturers pull in the timing of their next-generation investments. We continue to believe that the demand for flash memory is an attractive growth opportunity in the industry, for our customers and for Lam. We have essentially maintained our full year calendar '13 view of NAND's WFE spending at this time as we still expect manufacturers will be receiving a similar level of capacity, as anticipated in our last call. The dominant capacity additions are playing up, but relative to 3D NANDs, we continue to project initial capacity shipments occurring towards the end of this year. Our outlook for both foundry and logic segments has not substantively changed either. Investments for 28-nanometer capacity have been strong, and we expect that to continue over the next 1 or 2 quarters prior to decelerating and broadening the number of customers in the second half of the year. The 20-nanometer investment should commence in earnest around that same time, with an estimated 30,000 to 50,000 wafer starts of capacity shipped to our customers by the end of 2013 across the industry. In the logic space, the second half story appears to represent a strengthening of original equipment additions, at least in our served markets, compared to the first half of the year. In this environment, Lam is executing our multiyear growth strategies in etch, deposition, clean and our installed base business. Consistent with what we shared during our recent analyst events, we are focused on aggressively defending our existing positions to realize growth potential in areas where our served markets are expanding, particularly around the so-called inflections; consistently driving incremental market share gains for the existing product portfolio; establishing opportunities to win together with our customers as productivity of an installed base becomes ever more important; and strengthening the competitive differentiation of Lam in existing served markets and leveraging into broader semiconductor capital equipment applications, such as packaging, as opportunities exist. In 2013, we believe we gained 1 point or 2 of market share in etch, supported by the expansion of double patterning applications in the foundry space and our investments to increase differentiation around the inflections generally[ph] . We are positioned to gain a couple of points in deposition, with the initial production buys for 3D NANDs capacity occurring at the same time we enjoy a significantly expanding deposition-served market. This is being supplemented by some important wins in the packaging space and also logic or deposition. In addition, we're focused on defending our existing single-wafer clean positions to hold share relatively flat while successfully introducing our next-generation clean product, enabling more comprehensive growth opportunity for the company in the coming years. Starting with etch. Lam has historically focused on delivering differentiated technical solutions at the leading edge. We believe this capability offers our customers a sustainable technology advantage while strengthening our ability to maintain our existing positions and grow. One example is in the area of multi-patterning. Multi-patterning applications have been in production on memory devices for a couple of generations, and Lam is the conductor etch market leader for the critical patterning steps. These critical processes require very precise and uniform control across the entire wafer to define the features. Lam's ability to precisely control critical dimensions uniformly across the wafer has enabled our leadership position. As foundry and logic manufacturers transition to the 20-nanometer node, we estimate between 5 and 15 multi-patterning steps will be required. These steps represent between $20 million and $30 million of incremental opportunity for the company per 10,000 wafer starts of capacity added. We believe that we are well positioned for these opportunities once production buys begin later this year and anticipate that our market share in etch multi-patterning will be at least as high as our average market share position overall. Similarly, we've established strong positions in critical dielectric etch with NAND manufacturers to support developments of their 3D NAND's devices. These vertical NAND structures are built up from 24 or more layers of alternating films, which creates significant challenges for etch suppliers to deliver uniform processed results at high productivity. Lam has demonstrated the ability to address these challenges, which supports our confidence in expanding our dielectric etch share. Now turning to the $2 billion to $2.4 billion deposition served markets, where we are -- where we currently enjoy #1 or 2 market share leadership in each segments of the business. With the transition from planar to 3D NAND devices, we estimate our served market could grow by more than 50% in that area. This is an important headline relative to future growth. Pausing for a moment, creating the complex films stacked in the 3D structure I just described requires uniform defect-free deposition also at very high productivity. The combination of Lam's multi-station sequential processing and small footprints of our PECVD toll [ph] provide a throughput density advantage for our customers as they continue to require reductions in the overall cost of ownership. To help optimize device power and speed, the contact and control lines require low-resistivity tungsten fill, which is free of voids. Lam is very well suited to deliver these capabilities for the challenging high-aspect ratio contact and re-interim [ph] profiles with our extreme fill technology and film offerings. In critical etch and deposition combined, Lam is well positioned for the transition to 3D NAND having one key development full of record precisions. Our position in 3D NAND is improved over the planar device structure in market size by between 35% and 55% and planned market share gains in the low to mid-single-digits. We have strengthened our presence in the advanced packaging space also, having won multiple development and production decisions for through-silicon via copper Electrofill and other advanced wafer-level packaging applications. While the market is still emerging, these wins position us well for future growth in deposition. This month, we shipped our 500 SABRE system. Our tool is widely recognized as the industry workhorse for copper Electrofill and is used by 90% of the production facilities running copper damacine processes today. Last but not least in single-wafer clean, we continue to focus on supporting existing customers with the current product line and developing our next-generation product. We've made excellent progress to that end, demonstrating ultra-low defectivity performance in our labs necessary to meet process requirements for the 10-nanometer node. Our system is designed for lower cost of ownership by combining a high-productivity platform with advanced retained capability to reduce chemical costs. We are encouraged by the customer poll initially for our product and remain on track to begin shipping beta units in the middle of this calendar year. Overall, our customer, company, individual core value guides us each and every day as we architect the strategies to increase our value by developing next-generation technology capabilities and productivity solutions that provide our customers with their competitive differentiation. Related, we are pleased to have been recognized by 3 customers during the March quarter for our efforts in these areas, and for the first time in well over a decade, Lam was recognized by Intel, receiving their 2012 Achievement Award for Excellence in Technology. Our non-GAAP guidance for the June 2013 quarter, which underpins the targeted performance communicated in our financial model at our latest analyst event, is as follows: shipments of $1,075,000,000, plus or minus $30 million; revenues of $975 million, plus or minus $30 million; gross margin at 44%, plus or minus 1%; operating profit at 13%, plus or minus 1.5%; and earnings per share of $0.70, plus or minus $0.07, based on a share count of approximately 168 million shares. This guidance represents a 40% operating income flow-through on higher revenues sequentially at a time when we invest to support the trajectory of higher shipments and execute against our stated R&D plans of record to enable our long-term growth ambition. Finally, I would like to communicate plans to host our 2013 Investor and Analyst event on July 9 in conjunction with the SEMICON West show in San Francisco. Although it's only a short time since our past November event, we plan on re-establishing our customary midyear communication. We expect to reiterate the stated vision objectives of the company and provide further insight into the progress we've made against key strategies we've previously described. With that, Doug and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Two things. First of all, obviously, there was a pretty big memory pull-in into June. If I sort of back into what the overall WFE pull-in was using your share, it's probably like $1 billion worth of WFE. It looks like it might have pulled into June. But yet you didn't increase your full year number. Is that just due to the Intel cut? How should I think about that? And then I had a follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think in the context of memory, we, for sure, don't have all of the answers to the question, Tim, but there seems to be a remaining consensus around 25% to 30% bit growth for DRAM and the kind of mid-40s to high-40s level for NAND flash. And that's kind of the governing condition for capital. And so lacking any data points around a demand curve, we felt like it was appropriate for us to kind of keep the WFE number for memory essentially where it was previously. And things change and that gets stronger, then clearly, we'll revise that later. But we didn't have a basis to necessarily conclude life was going to be stronger than we previously anticipated.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it, Martin. And then just a quick question on the timing on 3D. Some of the big producers of NAND have recently said that there's not going to be meaningful 3D production for another 2 to 3 years, yet you're seeing some orders begin to happen and some production that might start to ramp the end of this year. So can you help bridge that gap? Is there just differences in timing among all the producers? Because there seems like a big difference, and it really sort of underpins some of the thoughts around just the NAND industry.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I -- we definitely expect and I think the industry expects to receive orders and ship product into, at least, 1 3D NAND fab this year. But I think you described the situation quite accurately. There is a reasonable divergence of timing, as well as ultimately, process flow decisions for our customers. And that doesn't help any of us in terms of kind of answering some of these questions concisely. But uncertainty is there. It does appear there's a reasonable timeline difference between first adopter and last adopter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Martin, I was wondering if you could add any color at all in terms of how the profile might look like as we get past June. Your guidance obviously implies that you're thinking about a flattish shipment level in September and December that lifts up in [ph] June. But I was wondering if we should expect some lumpiness and, perhaps, a decline in September and an increase in December as some of the foundry buying comes off and you get some other memory coming in later towards the end of the year?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think in terms of -- yes, in terms of the specifics, obviously, we're not going to give guidance beyond the most recent quarter. But certainly, relative to the September period, you've got a nice reference point around the trajectory because the shipments guidance we've articulated is meaningfully stronger than the revenue guidance. And I do think the balance of spending in the year that you will remember from our last call was kind of -- was different than where it is today. We've seen the strengthening in DRAM in the first half and the strengthening in NAND in the first half relative to our original expectations. So our first half, second half view today is high 40s, low 50s. And I would expect the areas of spending in the remaining 28, the broadening of the foundries in the memory space and in 20, I mean, we've got pretty decent position so I think that is -- that bodes well for us and is a positive for the company in the second half. But time will tell.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And a quick follow-up I guess like you're not changing your view on wafer fab equipment spend. I was wondering if you could remind us of the controversy on this. What is your expectation in terms of wafer capacity adds, speculatively for flash, for planar and for 3D in the back half of the year? Just looking out beyond the second half of this year, do you see shelf space as a potential constraint in terms of expanding wafer capacity for NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think the answer to the last of that question is not really. I mean there's decent amount of SaaS space, whether it's in the right location at the right time, is obviously, an important question. But I don't expect there to be a clean room limitation, per se. And we're assuming in the range of 100,000 wafer starts of capacity being added this year and some part of that is kind of a very original investment, new capacity and some part of it is a transition from the DRAM space to NAND flash. If you look at the spending, so we're assuming a little more than $6 billion of spending for WFE. The additions we would estimate around the $3 billion level and the conversions we would estimate around the $3 billion level. So that's kind of a math of the data points we shared previously. I think the demand statement for NAND flash is a very positive one and certainly I would expect it to be more positive next year over this year when you look at the tablets, when you look at content, when you look at the smartphone, when you look at SSDs and the intercept points and generally assumes penetration for those products. We're going to end the year ready tight again. I mean, if these plans play out, there's not going to be whole bunch of anything sitting there waiting to be utilized and I think inventory levels generally have kind of gotten to a normalized level. So it would seem rational to conclude that spending in the NAND flash space is more likely than not and time will tell again.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Martin, I just wanted to clarify the comments you made on NAND flash 3D. I think you said previously that you expect 20,000 wafer starts at 3D capacity to be added in the back half of the year. Do you still expect that sort of magnitude of capacity added in the back half? And then, when you make your comments about OpEx for the year, do you assume Peter Wolters in that number? Or does it exclude and how should we think about that business -- I think you were looking to split that off some point this year.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, until it's not part of the company, it's part of the guidance of the company. It's not the most material components of the financial statements so you might want to remember. So relative to -- what was the first part of the question, now it's gone?
Unknown Executive: 3D NAND.
Martin B. Anstice: Sorry, 3D NAND. So I would say the 20,000 wafer starts, plus or minus, 5 is a reasonable assumption today and when we make those statements, we're talking about capacity we're shipping, right? So what form it eventually takes in terms of being available to service demand, there's a bunch of questions still remaining on that. And that's about qualification, processes, and it's about the very specific decisions of the customer that we don't clearly influence.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you could help elaborate a little bit on the impact of double patterning expectations this year to your revenue assumption?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, it's pretty important to say the least. It's one of 4 significant inflections for the company. So just to kind of refresh on that, our big focus in terms of positioning for growth in the company was around patterning around the planar the FinFET transition, the planar 3D NAND transition and through silicon via. And we believe in the transition from 28 nanometers to 20, that there's an incremental $20 million to $30 million of opportunity for the company in etch per 10,000 wafer starts. And if you skip forward 1 generation and obviously, our ability to be concrete about it is kind of limited. But we would expect that to be another kind of 30% to 40% higher than the numbers I've just kind of given you. So I think there's emerging clarity around when EUV can theoretically and practically intercept. And with a bunch of customers being out there with comments I won't supplement that today. But patterning is a very real opportunity to increase the SAM of our company and certainly, we would expect our share in those opportunities to be at least as good as the rest of our business.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then do you benefit, somewhat, from the logic transition, as well as the foundry transition this year to double patterning?
Martin B. Anstice: I would say probably not to the extent that you would like that to be true.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And then just one more question on the 450 million millimeter impact to R&D. You maintained your OpEx cap for the year, but talked about equity investments in R&D. I just wondered if you could reconcile those 2 thoughts?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, they were planned. So when we made the statements, 3 or 5 we knew what our baseline was for 450 spending and it's generally the same today as it was 6 months ago, certainly one change in either direction. I mean, the important thing about 450 is the time the investment to the expectations of customers. We don't want to be early, we don't want to be late, we want to be on time and that's a very difficult decision for the company and for anybody in the industry because practically speaking, 2018 is probably the earliest, maybe there's 2017 statement out there for somebody, but 2017, '18 is about the earliest that HVM is going to be real and so every dollar we spend in the years prior to that increases the pressure for everybody in terms of return on investment. So same assumptions today in timing from customers and therefore, same plan in OpEx for the company.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicholas.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martin, maybe if you could comment a little bit about the foundry spend because we've heard now from TSM on their earnings about increasing their CapEx and talking about accelerating 20 nanometers. How does that impact, I guess, your shipment guide for both June and just how we look at second half of the year from that perspective?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, yes, maybe I should remind everybody every time I make a statement about WFE, I did say plus or minus $2 billion when I made the statement of $30 billion and I think I repeated that in every prior call. It's tough to be super precise about these numbers. But I think $30 billion is a reasonable midpoints in all of this. As you know, TSMC has strengthened their outlook. We don't have segmentation per se in our guidance. But in the June shipments number that we've given you, we would expect that the NAND and DRAM component combined represents about 50% of system shipments and foundry represents about 40% of system shipments. So TSMC was super strong in the first half of the year at the 28 nodes as everybody knows as they talked about. And 20 becomes more important for them in the second half and there is a broadening of other foundries in at 28 and some at 20 as well. So I feel like the 30 number -- I tried to anticipate where things were going to go. It wasn't exactly mirroring the public announcements at the time we said it, but it was our best estimates and that continues to be true today.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great, now that's actually pretty helpful. Looking at the deposition market for you guys as a whole -- you mentioned the opportunities both in -- for 3D NAND and advanced packaging. Which opportunities do you see gaining traction on a high-volume manufacturing basis first on the 3D side of things or in the advanced packaging/TSV?
Martin B. Anstice: No, I think by virtue of market size the 3D NAND is the biggest number. And frankly in any scale, it's the one that moves faster. So you should definitely process -- there are 3 or 4 catalysts for growth with our deposition products, one of them is just basic increases of competitiveness in the products, some of which come from the standalone company and some of which come as we integrate learning across the product portfolio of the company post-merger, so that's kind of one part of the story. The second part of the story is leveraging -- establish customer relationships that existed for Lam that were not quite as strong for Novellus. And by the way, there were a couple of examples of that in the other direction, so it's true for the entire business. But the biggest SAM expansion is clearly in the 3D NAND space. It's a very significant change for the industry. And our positioning in terms of DTOR [ph] selection decisions is really quite positive. TSV is obviously, growing very quickly and is an important opportunity for us in the deposition products of the company are the ones that are most successfully penetrated in that area. Actually, one of the synergy kicks that we get us is we're kind of taking that position and trying to kind of broaden it across the portfolio of the company generally. So 3D NAND, I guess, is the simple answer to your question.
Operator: Our next question's from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Martin, can you remind us what your updated thoughts are on the WFE spend for 10,0000 wafer starts for 1Y [ph] NAND and maybe compare that to [indiscernible] and 3D NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: I don't think we've ever gone through that level of detail. And on the fly, I'm inclined to decline to answer your question. So if you have another question, I'm happy to take that.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Sorry, sure. Maybe let me try it this way, can you give us, maybe your thoughts on what's the CapEx for 10,000 wafer starts of NAND in 2013.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, we have -- we got an assumption for capacity additions in the range of $350 million per 10,000 wafer starts. That's our kind of baseline for additions and we assume that conversions are in the $60 million range. Now you should kind of put a plus or minus 5 or 10 percentage points on those numbers, but that's the baseline for the company. And I believe I previously communicated that about 80% of the spending is in a planar device structure. I think holistically, I believe that, at least, 1 semiconductor company spoke to this in the last week, there are still some unanswered questions around equipment reuse in the planar to 3D transition. What is very clear to everybody is that the lithography road map gets relaxed meaningfully and the deposition road map, particularly significantly expands. So I would caution you to kind of be very clear around the headline for WFE and also the headline for the segments because the story just as is true in logic, is quite different by segments and it's very different in the NAND space and 3D NAND.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Very helpful and then just a follow-up. Question on the clean business. You have a big tool refresh coming in the second half of the front end. Is that an upside to possible share gains that, that you -- upside to your second half estimate? Or is that included in your guidance?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, it's included in the guidance to the extent it's there, but practically speaking, the release of the product in the year isn't going to impact in any material way the financial statements for the company. It takes a long time to position a product, get it qualified and get it into a high-volume manufacturing environment. It is clearly the only reason why we are able to describe a 5 to 10 percentage point market share objective for the clean business and we have a very important year this year, to demonstrate that capability to our customers in their fabs, and we're on plan to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Martin, sort of -- we've been around this issue, but maybe not addressed it directly. So you guys and ASML have pretty much articulated the 100K plus NAND wafer starts in 2013. People like Samsung and SanDisk and HInext have all said they're not going to add any wafer starts. Is that just you think those guys not going to show their hand, which I know happens sometimes? Or is there any reason for the delta there?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I'm experienced enough to know that answering that question directly gets me into trouble. But so you got to make it what you can. I mean, we are doing the best we can to articulate the world as we see it. Which doesn't mean it's perfect, but it's the best information that we have at hand. I've been very clear and I think consistent again today that the NAND space is clearly the most difficult to predict for the reason that you've just described. And we're doing the same thing, which is to give you the best view that we can and unfortunately, the reason you get the big box is you get to triangulate around our comments.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wish. And maybe one sort of logistical thing around that. And part of this is, I know it's going to be tough to answer another part. Your industry perspective could be helpful. Somebody like an ASML where the lead times are 9 months, didn't really see a lot of NAND orders, saw very good DRAM orders and maybe part of the answer is DRAM is making up the difference. But if we didn't get a lot of lithography orders for NAND in the first half of the year and the lead times are 9 months, it's hard to understand how you could order the tools in July, get them installed by sometime in the second half and then bring that stuff up online such that you then need to order etch equipment to support that litho equipment. Is there something different about that dynamic or again, maybe part of the answer is that we should be thinking about memory as a whole and DRAM is a lot better?
Martin B. Anstice: No, I think having a conversation around NAND is just fine. I mean, I -- there's a decent component for the industry of conversions, right? I mean there's about 0.5 million wafer starts to conversion likely in NAND flash this year and that's a lot of spending, that's approximately $3 billion of spending. What is very clear to everybody is, as I just stated, the 3D components of NAND spending is going to be probably quite limited at the beginning for lithography generally because the entire scheme is more relaxed. And so the [indiscernible] opportunity I would imagine is quite significant. We're not the experts speaking to that, we are the experts speaking to etch, depth and clean. And certainly, I think there can be some situations where you will not see lithography spending in NAND when you do see other segments. And to be fair, I'll spin it to the other direction in logic, for example, you should expect to see some spending in the lithography space when you might not always see to the same extent spending in other segments. So the segment stories are really important this year. The 3D NAND and NAND generally is beneficial to the etch and depth space nicely and we got some really nice messages, like patterning, like TSV in the logic space as well. But in terms relative to lithography, it's tough to keep up with that success.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just want to start by congratulating and welcoming Doug to Lam. Very happy that you can make the transition from [indiscernible]. I look forward to working with you. So the first question that I have is I want to understand your perspective on progress and timing of foundries since that. Specifically I wanted to understand how the depth of your engagement with Foundry customers changes since that configuration versus the planar?
Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure I necessarily understand everything in your question. I mean in terms of depth of engagement per se, I mean, we're as active in any device flow and structure as the customer. Its the opportunity for us in etch and depth kind of ballooning in a planar to FinFET transition logical? Answer to that question is no. I mean, there are some applications where there's maybe some increased process flow or process time. But generally speaking, the etch and the deposition spaces are reasonably agnostic to a planar to FinFET transition, obviously, some of the challenges get a lot harder like conformality and CD control and profile and high aspect ratio challenges. I mean, that's a very different game and that ultimately will influence the amount of equipment that gets purchased because process time is everything and it will ultimately influence how much we get to charge for a capability we deliver to the customer. And there's a decent set of unanswered questions in that area today. So 5% or 10% would be a baseline I will give you on our SAM expansion in the planar to FinFET.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, terrific. The second question that I had was a quick question on gross margin. We're seeing 20% shipment growth and 15% revenue growth. I would have expected gross margin fallthrough to be slightly better. I just wanted to better understand some of the puts and takes there and whether there are any special charges included in that gross margin?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Terence this, Doug. No, there are no special charges included in anything here. You have a lot of moving pieces here in terms of different product gross margin levels and you've got a lot of product mix things that go up and go down quarter-by-quarter. And that really is what you're seeing going on here. You're right, you would have expected maybe a little better gross margin everything else equal, but everything else isn't equal from a product mix standpoint.
Martin B. Anstice: I guess one of the things we would also emphasize is that the financial performance that we just guided is not so very far away from the financial model we shared from you in November of last year and certainly the commentary from the company around kind of mid-40s and ultimately when we're through kind of the synergy conversations and anything else we can figure out, maybe we even got a shot at slightly better than that. We're still a very, very, very focused on that part of running our company and we'll do our very best.
Operator: Our next question's from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I had a question, actually a follow up to the previous one. When are we going to see the tool selection for the FinFET? Is it already in place? Or taking place? And I have a follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think you know what the stated public timelines are from the foundries to the extent they're out there and at least one is. So you've got kind of that data points available and I do expect ramping and I think this is in the public domain from our customers as well. Their ramping expectations are faster, bigger as every node transitions. So there's a decent amount of time between a high-volume manufacturing communication and a selection. And maybe 12 months is not a bad proxy. So go take a look at the committed dates for HVM for customers and back at 12 months and that's a reasonable stake in the ground.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So the market share and who is going to claim what essentially at 2014 PR campaign, correct?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. Certainly, I mean -- it's active now, quite clearly, because...
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: The data is not going to be available until the ramp takes place and that's more like a '14 timeframe.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, we're not going to be sitting here communicating market share changes as a result of the FinFET transition in foundries any time soon, that's a correct statement.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then with 3D especially with the first question, there's a lot of confusion. Does it make sense for your customers to have a pilot line, 20K and then it's going to take them some months to figure out the recipe because there are different technologies, there's an IP issue and at the end of the day, that 20 pilot line may not be producing too many NAND chips for quite some time. Isn't that a fair assessment?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I mean, there's a limit to how specific I can get because there are only -- very limited kind of customer presence in this space. But I mean, it is a very complicated technology, pilot line is an important place to validate that. But I would say, although there is clearly a lot of choices to be made in the industry on process, you can reasonably assume when we're this close to capacity hitting a fab, any customer where that's true is pretty clear what path they're on.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I see. Is it just the customers haven't shown their hands because there are few of them.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, they've shown their hands to us in terms of the engagements we have, but I'm not at liberty to describe them.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: One question on the foundry gain. Maybe I can phrase it differently. Based on the share gains and potential increase etch with double-patterning intensity, how do you think your revenue opportunity can increase from 28-nanometer to 20-nanometer and then as we get to 14-nanometer, which is Foundry has talked about a FinFET and road map. How does that benefit you in terms of revenue opportunity?
Martin B. Anstice: I think the best way to answer that question is to kind of refer back to 3 to 5-year objectives we have, because that's the timeline that's relevant to the technology nodes you just talked about from a high volume manufacturing point of view. So you can approximate a $4 billion SAM for etch and you know that we're seeking a 3 to 5 percentage point share again in that market. You know that to 2% to 2.5% is a reasonable SAM for the deposition markets that we target and you know that we're -- our objective is 5 to 10 points -- sorry, 4 to 8 points of share gain. And the single-wafer clean market is about $1.5 billion of SAM and we're targeting 5 to 10 percentage points of share gain. But because that's generally a by-product of the new product, it will tend to be biased toward the back end of the timeline, not at the beginning. So if you take those the data points, you're going to answer very, very specifically what the revenue growth opportunity is with the company and systems and then the unanswered question is what happens in the installed base and we have significant objectives in the installed base business. The company [indiscernible] that will naturally come from broadening an install base beyond the 35,000 modules that exist today for the company. And the service offering and the productivity solutions offering of the company is something we're very focused on building and so there's a nice opportunity to supplement the system statement with customer service business as well.
Shanye Hudson: And I believe we have time for 2 more questions.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Actually, can I do my follow-up quickly. So on your [indiscernible], you talked about revenue synergy around $100 million by the end of this year from the Novellus acquisition, I was wondering if you can give us an update on that?
Martin B. Anstice: It's executing to the plan. It's only the first quarter in a 4-quarter period. So we still have work ahead of us, but I feel pretty pleased that it's executing to the plan we have.
Operator: The next question comes from line of the Ben Pang with B. Riley & Co.
Benedict Pang - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Two quick ones. First on the DRAM shipments, can you comment on what you expect for the pattern for DRAM shipment for the rest of the year? You kind of talked about the puts and takes on foundry, as well as on NAND how about DRAM?
Martin B. Anstice: So I mean, in our last earnings call, we thought DRAM WFE was going to be 50/50 first half, second half. We would now say that 65/35 is the better split. So it's a stronger first half than the second half. And that's all -- and obviously, that's additions and conversions combined.
Benedict Pang - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Sure. And my second question is back on NAND topic. Can you guys tell from your, I guess, systems, is there a difference in the lead time if they're requesting an etch tool for 3D NAND versus planar?
Martin B. Anstice: No.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Mark Heller with CLSA.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Last, but not least. Quick question on the logic etch win that you guys were talking about last quarter. I'm just wondering, can you could give us an update on when that starts to ramp and maybe if you can give us an idea of the benefit this year in terms of revenues?
Martin B. Anstice: So I think I described it as an active production buy. So it is kind of ramping this year, consistent with that -- the selection. And in terms of the size of the opportunity, we have respected the wishes of our customer not to describe that.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if I can follow up on the 450-millimeter spending. How should we think about that longer-term? Will Lam maintain sort of dual development platforms or a 300-millimeter platforms and 450-millimeter platforms separately and just wondering how we should think about the level of R&D spending going beyond this year and maybe the economics for the company?
Martin B. Anstice: In terms of platform architecture, I think generally speaking, the industry is going to answer that in a pretty consistent way. The opportunities that exist, the opportunity just for kind of productivity types of solutions in the 300 to 450 transition are quite different than existed in the 200 to 300. There are commonalities being designed in, in terms of fundamental technology and in the case of Lam because we have a broader product portfolio today, we're able to bring kind of, common platform, common software solutions to the products of the company, but I don't think you're going to see too many examples of bridge tools between 300 and 450 in ways that you did in the 200 and 300 transition, which means to the extent there is misalignments in the plans of our customers or even to the extent that our customers who do not transition to 450, there's a fair amount of complexity that rests on the shoulders of the equipment industry because we are likely going to have to run for multiple generations in multiple years parallel investment. Now, whether the investments of next year is any higher from this year is a question, frankly, none of us can answer right now because the specifics of plans of customers are still likely to be in flux. And we have no interest in spending money earlier than we have to. So we're going to be pretty attentive to that. And we watch this space. But frankly, we're probably going to be having this conversation for the next 5 years.
Operator: Gentlemen, that's our final question. I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Vince. We want to thank you today for joining us. And I'll remind you that an audio replay of the call will be available on our website later this afternoon. On behalf of the entire management team, we appreciate your interest in Lam Research and have a good afternoon.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Ernest E. Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Benedict Pang - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Rand Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2012 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Shanye Hudson: Lorenzo, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here with me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the December 2012 quarter. Martin will then share Lam's business outlook for the March 2013 quarter before opening the call up for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our expectations for the global macroeconomic environment; of market size; wafer fab equipment spending; the revenue expectations of shipments to our Japanese customers; technology trends and transitions that may affect our business; market share changes; consumer demand, customer spending and behavior and the factors that will influence those expectations; as well as our spending projections, our investment plans, our business strategies, our expectations of the benefits resulting from our Novellus acquisition; our intentions for research and development activities; our contemplated tax rate; and our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, operating profit, share repurchase activities, earnings per share and cash generation on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m., and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. And so with that, I'll turn the call over to you, Ernie.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Shanye, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I'd like to add a few words to the press release announcing my planned departure from the company in April. First, I'd like to convey how much I've enjoyed working with each of you since my appointment in the CFO role in September 2008 and that I look forward to continuing to do so in the next couple of months. I also appreciate the experience of being part of a values-based management team that puts customers first, and I'm committed to ensure a smooth and orderly transition to my successor. Now on to business. The December quarter results reflect a solid finish to our calendar year as we met or exceeded the midpoints of our guidance in all areas. Total shipments were $803 million, down 14% sequentially. Approximately 78% of our system shipments were for applications at the sub-4X technology node and by segment breakdown as follows: foundry shipments accounted for 51% of total system shipments; the memory segment accounted for 20% of total system shipments, which includes NAND at 11% and DRAM at 9%; comprising the remainder were logic and other at 29%. Revenue in the December quarter was $861 million, down 5% from the prior quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 44.2%, down just 20 basis points from the prior quarter, reflecting favorability in our product mix, complemented by our continued focus on operational execution. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were approximately $281 million, down $3 million from September and in line with our expectations of synergy achievement. We remain focused on our integration efforts and are making strong headway towards achieving our cost-related synergy targets of $100 million. Two key elements of this achievement are the transition to a single ERP system and the completion of activities related to supply chain rationalization, and in the December quarter, we made significant progress in both areas. This progress will pave the way for the remaining $60 million of annualized run rate operating expense and cost of goods sold synergies, which we've committed by the end of calendar year '13. Although Martin will be providing March quarter guidance in a few minutes, it's worth noting that the March quarter of 2013 will see both an extra week of operating expenses together with our normal seasonal increase in employer taxes, which represent approximately $10 million. Back to December, non-GAAP operating income was $99 million, and non-GAAP operating margin was 11.5%, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 17.3% compared to 16.3% in the prior quarter. With the extension of the federal R&D tax credit earlier this month, we would now expect our tax rate for the fiscal year to be in the low double digits. Under this scenario, we expect a March quarter non-GAAP tax rate near 0% and a June quarter non-GAAP tax rate in the low single-digit range. Based on a share count of approximately 173 million shares, non-GAAP earnings per share for the December quarter were $0.45. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, of $2.7 billion in total versus $2.9 billion for the September quarter, with our cash generation again being exceeded by our ongoing share repurchase program. Approximately 40% of the December ending cash balance was onshore. DSO and inventory turns for the December quarter were both slightly improved at 62 days and 4.1 turns, respectively. We ended the quarter with deferred revenue of $282 million, excluding approximately $46 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Cash from operation was $193 million, or 22% of revenue, in the December quarter, and combined company noncash expense include, among other items, $24 million for equity compensation, $44 million for amortization and $34 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $39 million, and we exited the quarter with approximately 6,600 regular, full-time employees. In closing, I want to provide an update on our share repurchase activity during the December quarter. We bought back around 10 million shares of common stock for approximately $354 million at an average price of $34.74 per share. For the full calendar year 2012, we've repurchased nearly $1.4 billion at an average price of $35.74. We've continued to execute our share repurchase program subsequent to the close of the December quarter and, as of today, have approximately $100 million of the authorization remaining. Consistent with our comments on our analyst meeting, we will provide a further update on our capital deployment strategy once we have completed the current authorization. With that, I'll now turn it over to Martin.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you, Ernie, and good afternoon, everyone. As Ernie just reported, we had a solid finish to 2012, including a transformative year for Lam Research. The year began following our announced merger with Novellus Systems, and we aggressively executed plans to integrate both companies. On the strategic front, we presented a single face to our customers starting day 1, which is a function of our rigorous planning efforts, and we executed to the commitments made as 2 stand-alone companies. We enhanced our focus on core businesses and made the decision to divest the Peter Wolters business and transition PVD to a sustaining mode with existing customers. We have successfully combined organizations and made progress in streamlining our infrastructure. We have established an ambitious plan for integrating business systems and remain on track to complete the majority of that work by the middle of this year. We're well down the path towards achieving our target of $100 million in cost synergies. Related to capital structure, we repurchased approximately 39 million shares of stock, returning nearly $1.4 billion to our shareholders through 2012. This financing strategy monetized overall industry and economic conditions, lowering the effective purchase price of Novellus by approximately $200 million. Within our etch business, we had our customary opportunities and threats, successes and failures. But after more than a decade of absence for Lam, we are pleased to report today that we have now been successful in achieving a production tool of record selection by a leading logic company. We have received our first production tool order and expect business to continue to materialize in calendar year 2013. We are very pleased with these accomplishments and many more not called out today. They are testament to the dedication and hard work of our employees and the commitment to our values and vision by our leadership team. A big thank you is due to all. Relative to market share, we believe we are #1 or strong #2 in each of the product segments we now serve. We view this as crucial given the increasing focus by our customers and strategic partners to work with a select few leading equipment suppliers. Worthy of note for calendar 2012 in deposition and strip, we were successful in gaining critical back-end-of-line applications in PECVD at a couple of key logic manufacturers for both leading-edge production and next-generation device nodes. We acquired Axcelis' dry-strip intellectual property, further strengthening our product road map, particularly for non-oxidizing strip applications for advanced memory and logic. Overall, we are on a positive trajectory broadly, achieving shipped share across our targeted deposition markets in the mid-30% range and are realizing initial plans beyond traditional WFE growth to advanced packaging. In etch, we had forecast and we delivered in 2012 a relatively neutral year in terms of shipped share. More specifically, we successfully defended over 90% of the n and n+1 PTOR decisions that were made in 2012, and we positioned penetrations to gain a percentage point or so in the remaining selection decisions in 2013. We introduced next-generation uniformity control hardware for our conductor products. This capability is targeted for advanced logic and memory applications at the sub 20-nanometer technology node and is gaining traction with customers already. And as stated earlier, we achieved our goal of penetrating a leading logic company after a long period of absence. Turning to the single-wafer clean market. We've spoken about a few trends that have developed over the last couple of years. First is the transition from batch to single-wafer processing for front-end applications, and second is the introduction of high-productivity platforms. Lam is focused on developing a next-generation clean product, which will enable us to more effectively compete for a broader range of applications inclusive of these areas. We were successful in defending essentially 100% of the positions we held with our existing products in 2012. However, until the new product is released, our opportunities for share expansion are limited, and our shipped share will likely remain in the 20% range, plus or minus a couple of points, until that time. 2013 is a critical year for us in clean. We are actively testing and characterizing the new products and are on track to begin shipping beta units for key customer evaluations around the middle of this year. Overall, we remain committed to deliver against our long-term share gain targets of 3% to 5% in etch, 4% to 8% in deposition and 5 to 10 percentage points in single-wafer clean. We have confidence in our ability to develop the best-in-class products and leverage our recently expanded adjacencies to deliver differentiated solutions to capture a disproportionate number of the opportunities created by technology inflections. As discussed extensively before, the inflections, including patterning, FinFET, 3D NAND and TSV, are all creating growth opportunities. Sometimes, those are measured in terms of market share expansion and sometimes in terms of market size expansion. Our continued execution and decision making to reinforce customer trust are fundamental to achieving our goals. Touching briefly on the industry environment, we had outlined a scenario for WFE spending to be within a range of $30 billion in 2013 last November. From our perspective at the segment level, NAND investment remains the primary uncertain influence over 2013 spending. Obviously, the macro remains a major consideration also. Based on our analysis, since November, a couple of additional inputs have been made available: slight upticks in outlooks for WFE in 2013 from 2 of the top 3 semiconductor companies, and a slight reduction in NAND spending due to likely higher proportion of conversion than originally planned. Taken as a whole, the $30 billion WFE level, plus or minus $2 billion, remains our planning assumption. As we discussed during our recent analyst event, our view is based on the following primary assumptions. For a third straight year, we are forecasting essentially no new capacity additions for DRAM with bit growth demand in the range of 30%, investments are limited to upgrades and conversions. In NAND, we are forecasting demand growth in a range of 50%, which would require capacity investments to resume towards the middle of this year. Absent any new capacity additions, we believe supply would be limited to around 40% bit growth through conversions. 3D NAND investments are seen to be late in the year, and we currently forecast approximately 20,000 wafer starts of 3D NAND capacity to ship by the end of 2013. We project foundries to strongly continue making 28-nanometer investments and forecast 28-, 32-nanometer capacity in the range of 330,000 wafer starts, plus or minus, per month exiting 2013. Additionally, 20-nanometer will begin to ramp in the second half, and we currently expect total capacity to reach approximately 40,000 wafer starts at that node by the end of the year. Finally, our forecast reflects a slight decline year-over-year in other logic spending with the potential for upside given recently announced spending plans. Using $30 billion as our baseline, our resulting expectation is for spending to increase through the year with approximately 55% of total spending occurring in the second half. In this environment, given the consolidation of our customer base and overall competitive dynamics, we continue to fund long-term strategic investments and execute the strategies that we articulated during our recent analyst event. To name a few areas of focus, we're engaging with customers on conformal film applications by leveraging our ability to deposit metals and dielectrics in high aspect ratio structures with the atomic layer precision required for FinFET devices. We're engineering tungsten films with the lowest resistivity for filling these structures, which ultimately benefits the electrical performance of the device. We've introduced proprietary hardware on our conductor etch tool, which enables selectivity at the atomic level required by high aspect ratio features. We've designed that same proprietary hardware for our dielectric tool, which widens the process window, enabling customers to achieve their stringent requirements associated with high aspect ratio processes also in 3D NAND. In addition, in 3D NANDs, we're combining our strengths in defectivity control and process repeatability, both important in logic applications with the productivity advantages offered by our multi-station sequential deposition architecture to strengthen our PTOR positions in PECVD. In through-silicon via, we are leveraging our knowledge as a market leader in Electrofill and advanced pretreatments to grow our market share. We're also working towards capturing all available benefits of the merger with Novellus. Ernie outlined our progress to achieving our stated cost synergy targets. Beyond that, our focus is on executing plans to achieve accelerated growth and deliver on the value proposition this union brings to our customers and shareholders. Finally, we remain focused on prudently managing spending, which includes our commitment to contain quarterly operating expenses to a level no greater than $305 million per quarter at $1 billion revenue level through 2013. Turning now to our outlook for the March 2013 quarter. Our non-GAAP guidance is as follows: shipments of $880 million, plus or minus $30 million; revenues of $830 million, plus or minus $30 million; gross margin at 43.5%, plus or minus 1%; operating profit at 8%, plus or minus 1.5%; and earnings per share of $0.35, plus or minus $0.07, based on a share count of approximately 170 million shares. Prior to taking questions, I would like to take a moment on behalf of the board of directors, the management team and the employee population to recognize Ernie for his dedication of service to Lam for the past 15 years and especially for his service as CFO. Ernie has made a big impact on the company throughout his tenure. He has a work ethic that is truly remarkable. He sets a standard of performance that challenges those around him to achieve more than they thought possible. And he has a versatility level that has accommodated the significant breadth of responsibilities held during his time at Lam. As noted in our press release today, Ernie's planned departure will be handled smoothly and without disruption to our customers, our shareholders or our employees. We have an active search ongoing, and Ernie will remain until a new person is in place and plans to assist in the transition. I would like to extend my sincere thanks to Ernie for his service, for his accomplishments and his commitment to the company, our shareholders and our employees throughout his career and wish him every success in his future. We will now open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Ernie, let me offer my congratulations up front. You've done a great job and it's -- you're a real glutton for punishment as you kind of stuck with everything through the tough part of the cycle. And as things start to look up, you're moving on, so congratulations on that.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thanks, Jim.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, Martin, if I could start off. Certainly, it's a unique time in the cycle because we have obviously a couple of the big customers talking about record CapEx and some of the other big customers talking about things coming down a little bit, and then you mentioned a comment about better expectations in the back half. How do you balance out the very likely prospect, as you highlighted, of NAND getting a lot better in the second half of the year versus TSMC's comments that 2/3 of their CapEx was kind of front half loaded? Do you think that NAND can pick up enough to offset the expected declines at TSM?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think to your point, they're obviously very unconnected variables. I guess if there is a connection, it would be a macro. But that aside, our view is that if you believe in the $30 billion baseline that we've talked about, we would expect a 45-55 split in the calendar year. So I think in the foundry space, the commentary from TSMC in the public domain is exactly as you articulated. My expectation is that a broader foundry participation exists in the second half of the year. But first half, second half, overall, we're assuming 45-55. And by segment, I'd assume DRAM is about 50-50. The foundry world, all in, is probably 50-50 with every participant, and the world of flash looks more like a 30-70 kind of split. So it's a very kind of diverse, segment-based progression in the year, and we're kind of focused on execution independent of that, frankly.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. If I could ask for my follow-up. On the big opportunity in logic that you penetrated, first of all congratulations on that. Second of all, what -- how big do you think that opportunity could be? In other words, of the process tool of record you could eventually have there, what percentage do you think you're currently shipping?
Martin B. Anstice: Our aspirations extend beyond our penetration. That's a fair statement. We owe respect to a lot of our customers. And as you might expect, answering a very specific like -- a question like that is kind of one of them. So we're focused on building upon the momentum we have clearly established. We're excited about the opportunities. At the end of the day, we have tough competition, and we have to execute well. But I think calendar '13 is a very instrumental year relative to the position that we've established.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: My first question is on the 3D NAND. I think when you're referring to the opportunity, you said you expect somewhere between [ph] 20,000 wafer starts for this year to be coming in the second half. I was curious what technology do you expect to come in. Our understanding on some of the 3D NAND technologies, there is not much change in 2 set [ph] from existing NAND. How do you -- can you make some comments around that as well?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, we're not assuming, frankly, an immense proportion of investments directed to 3D NAND production. We clearly are expecting some in the second half, and that's important in terms of the size of the opportunity and the share growth that we believe we are targeting. But the inflection points even for the most ambition -- ambitious customers in the transition will only kind of show evidence of traction on spending towards the end of the calendar year. So -- and I think, just giving you maybe a little bit more data beyond the comment I made to Jim's question, we do see some evidence that there's a little bit more of a bias to conversions today in the calendar year than we previously anticipated, and our assumption remains that there's about 115,000 wafer starts of new capacity added in NAND this year and about 500,000 wafer starts of conversion. And that kind of delves [ph] it to the original plan of record that we had. It's probably about $0.5 billion. I'm not sure it's that material in the scheme of things, but that's the kind of essence of our outlook today.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great, that was very helpful. And then just kind of going back to your win at a logic customer. Just curious, is there a way you can you kind of describe what technical advantage you have on that, too? And I know you probably don't want to put in too much in terms of your contacts in the opportunity, but maybe just talk about is it only in conductor? Is it kind of branching beyond conductor? Or do you see yourself branching beyond conductor in the current technology node that, that customer is ramping?
Martin B. Anstice: I'm going to substitute the word probably for definitely. It's a big deal to make any change, and one of the scale and scope with a customer is very significant. I did speak to the fact that this was a conductor penetration. The reason I believe the penetration was successful is because a lot of people worked very hard over a long period of time. I believe we have technical deference -- differentiation that's valued and recognized by the customer. And in a very important phase of delivering that, we executed very well, and our challenge and our opportunity is to continue to execute very well. And I believe that if we do that, we will hopefully have opportunities ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Olga Levinzon calling in for C.J. Just wanted to follow up on the logic win. If we take your -- the wins that you've been able to get there, coupled with the comments that we heard from the customer last week and, I guess, some of the incremental 3D NAND and 20-nanometer etch opportunities that you highlighted for this year, what sort of etch share gains could we count on for either on a shipment or revenue basis for 2013?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, that's a really interesting question, and thank you for your comments at the beginning there. There are clearly opportunities in front of us still in the 20-nanometer transition. But frankly speaking, and I think this is kind of true for everybody, because the next transition in foundry to the FinFET structure is such a significant one, if the customer can find any way possible to retain their 28-nanometer selection, they're biased to do that, and that's something that affects us all as equipment companies. And I believe that will continue to play out as a fairly dominant reality there. There are opportunities to displace other people, to grow. There are also risks. And from my perspective, it will be defined around execution, and it will be defined around kind of productivity. I think the focus of the customer when they happen, the full spectrum of challenges in front of them with a FinFET adoption is going to clearly bias more stability in share in 28 to 20 has been significant swing [ph] . We're really focused for the reasons we talked about in our analyst call on the significant inflections, including the FinFET. And that is one of the things in the mix of the 3% to 5% share gain in etch that we talked about as a long-term objective. And although perhaps a little discounted to the average because of the dominance of lithography investments in logic, the investments in patterning as a market is something that affords the company opportunity as well.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I guess could you see, I guess, a decent move in that 3% to 5% etch share gains for this year? Or will the 20-nanometer more meaningful ramp in 2014 be kind of the key driver to getting to that 3% to 5% goal?
Martin B. Anstice: I think directly to your question, I just said no.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then on the double -- on the kind of the maintaining the WFE outlook and talking about NAND being much more second half weighted, have you seen any -- I know that you don't disclose orders, but any sort of order activity from any of the NAND customers to sort of support your view on both the demand growth and the capacity that would be necessary in the second half of the year?
Martin B. Anstice: They're very slight, but I don't think that's particularly relevant, with due respect, because the cycle time, the lead time now between a purchase order and the additional capacity is so short. A second half ramp will be kind of bookings towards the end of the first half of this year. So that will be the reality. That is the reality for all of us. And I think the best I can offer you is the commentary around demand, which, in the areas of the smartphone, the mobile space generally, the SSD road map, the kind of server and cloud space, there are some decent catalysts of demand in NAND flash and the supply is really tight. We ended calendar '12 with about the tightest balance of supply and demand that we believe has existed in several years, and I think that should give folks confidence that unless there's a very significant input in terms of technical challenge or macros, the investment will kind of play out or, frankly, the big growth that's necessary to support some of this road map, we believe, won't be available.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Terence Whalen with Citigroup.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to echo my congratulations and best of luck to Ernie.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first question that I have is regarding a comment you made on 20-nanometer capacity being 40,000 wafers per month by the end of calendar '13. When you made that comment, were you referring to only one customer's foundry capacity? Or does that assume multiple foundries having 20-nanometer available?
Martin B. Anstice: Not one, correct.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, terrific. And then as my follow-up, I just wanted to actually -- one that relates to the OpEx side of things. In terms of cost synergy, you made the comment that you remain on track with an additional $60 million of cost synergy by end of calendar '13. But can you just remind us for the remainder of the cost synergy what the split is between OpEx and COGS?
Ernest E. Maddock: Terence, this is Ernie. You're going to probably see something like 80% -- 75% to 80% COGS and 20% to 25% OpEx over that remainder of work that's yet to be completed over the course of this calendar year.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one last one is again, coming back to the 20-nanometer comment. As we look into the beginning of 2014 and see sort of a morphing between 20 and 16 and 14 tri-gate, do you expect that, that will be led by one customer? Do you expect 2 customers to be spending on tri-gate foundry in the beginning of '14?
Martin B. Anstice: That's getting awfully specific about the plans of the second of the foundries. I would say you should assume there is a lot of credence in kind of 2 public inputs. One of them is the input from TSMC around the speed of ramping that they expect in 20 nanometer. And the public commentary from the fabless community, which tends to speak to an interest in having multiple supply alternatives. So I guess that's the best I can give you in terms of response there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And congrats again, Ernie, for a terrific career. And I'm pretty sure all the investors besides your employees are going to be missing you.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So Then, I'm going to have a -- I had a couple of questions. Number one, Martin, is there any way to quantify? We're hearing TSMC going to 20-nanometer planar end of the year and the recent chat about Samsung looking at 16- or 14-nanometer, whatever you call that, and it appears that might be a FinFET approach. So when a foundry moves from a 20-nanometer planar to a 16- or 14-nanometer FinFET, what are the incremental opportunities for Lam just going from planar to FinFET of the node?
Martin B. Anstice: I'm probably -- I'll give -- I mean, I'll give you a general answer, which is I think a lot of the specifics are going to deal with the patterning consequences in that transition. I mean, clearly, the importance of etch in the formation of the transistor is going up, which would tend to suggest that the complexity is increasing and process times, if anything, will get longer. So that will kind of feed into answering your question. And I do believe there's incremental growth for the company in the FinFET transition. I don't believe that increment is quite as great as the increments we saw from 40 to 28 with high-k/metal gate or 28 to 20, but we will see. I mean, I think there's still a lot of unanswered questions there.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got you. And then just as a follow-up, congrats on your -- I mean, with the logic customer on the conductor side. So my question was what was the conductor etch market you think exiting 2012? And what do you think it would be baking in this logic win?
Martin B. Anstice: So I believe our shipped market share exiting 2012 was in the kind of high 40s range, and you've heard us talk about kind of 3 to 5 percentage points as a long-term growth objective. And while specifically, the position that you just referred to is not a prerequisite to execute that, it certainly helps us manage risk, and it certainly helps us kind of get to the high end of the range in the plans that we have.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And what was the -- just the conductor etch specifically market share in 2012? I think your mid-40s is probably. . .
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, probably. I am -- I was -- everyone in the room's looking at me going, "What are you saying?" and now I know why. Yes, so we're typically in the 75% range, 80% range as a baseline for conductor etch. So 70% to 80% is probably a decent range to be thinking of.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Heller with CLSA.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Ernie, I'm going to put you on the spot here. So you maintain the $30 billion wafer fab equipment number. I think on the Analyst Day you had said revenues for the year would be about $4.1 billion on a $30 billion WFE, so I'm wondering if that still stands.
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, it does. However, I would hasten to point out that we were really clear on our Analyst Day presentation that, that was not a 2013 forecast and that presumes, for example, the disposition of the Peter Wolters business as well as some incremental share gains. So as it turns out, all the great news that Martin has shared may actually allow all that to come true in 2013, which would be a little earlier than we thought. But in general, and we have taken a look at our progress vis--vis our model, and we're pretty happy with where we stand in light of what we shared with you back in November.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just a question on the quarter. So it looks like the logic part of the shipments were up pretty significantly in the quarter. I'm just wondering what drove that as it sounds like the logic customer isn't ramping until another couple of quarters or a quarter or so.
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, I mean, one, I think you need to think about the overall shipment number in total, and we're dealing with a percentage. And so given the incremental lack of representation from the memory segment, that also will have the effect of making the foundry segment appear a little bit larger than it had. And then we had a pretty strong representation from the other logic segment. And so at the end of the day, it was a combination of those 3 things.
Martin B. Anstice: So at an application level, the comment I would add is image sensors, kind of server as well as kind of general microprocessor, there was -- that's the composition of that segment. So the image sensor space was definitely kind of a decent component.
Mark J. Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then next, for calendar Q1, any thoughts there?
Ernest E. Maddock: For calendar Q1, we would expect to see probably a little bit stronger representation from the memory segments, continued strong showing in the foundry world and then the logic and other segment perhaps dropping back to more normalized levels.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to understand your trajectory for the year. You mentioned 55% in the second half for WFE. How should I think about your revenue profile, I mean, assuming the 4.1 plays out this year? I mean, are we talking about 40-60 first half, second half? Is that -- given the share gain prospects for the second half?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I don't know if I can directly answer it, but you should -- I think you're smart enough to kind of understand the timing differences between shipments and revenues, and the shipment is the best correlation to the timing of WFE. So certainly, it's going to be kind of closer to that than the 45-55 baseline, but it's frankly highly dependent on the timing of shipments within a quarter. The difference between a first month-biased shipment quarter and a last month shipment quarter is significant in terms of answering the question that you're asking. But making an assumption that there's a one-quarter delay on average between a shipment event and a revenue event is not an unreasonable baseline.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And just wanted to understand your -- that idea [ph] of getting close to the buybacks that you had announced. I mean, what are your thoughts around cash and use of cash as you think about the next couple of years?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think the consistency is hopefully loud and clear. Our primary investment bias is in the profitable growth of this company. And to the extent that we have cash that is excess to that need, then we review all options available to us in terms of distribution. But beyond that, frankly nothing to say until we're done with the authorization in place.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And Ernie, I'd also like to extend my congratulations and best of luck on your future endeavors.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thanks.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martin, on your Analyst Day, you talked about TSV as being one of your growth opportunities and one of inflection points for Lam on a going forward basis. I guess what do you see at this point come in terms of the traction, the adoption? And what do you believe right now as maybe inhibiting, I guess, the increasing use of TSV?
Martin B. Anstice: My assumption is a little bit economic still. But presumably kind of at the end of the day, the form factor requirements of the device are kind of part of answering your question as well. And for the company, we're very pleased about the positioning of the company in that application area. It is early days in terms of the size of that marketplace. I don't know if the TSV-specific SAM is going to be much more, about $100 million of WFE, this year, but that's 70% expansion year-over-year. So it's an important component of growth opportunity. It's a very important inflection. But in relative terms, it's still early days.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And a question for you, Ernie. In terms of the cost savings targets and the integration, you mentioned ERP and the supply chain rationalization. Are they still the biggest drivers on a going forward basis as you achieve that goal? Or is there is still one major project that you have to do internally to get to that remaining $60 million that's still out there?
Ernest E. Maddock: Now, Patrick, as we've talked about before, obviously the supply chain work has most impacted the cost of goods sold. The ERP integration is going to enable the remainder of the operating expense synergies. So for sure, there are a number of other smaller projects with other milestones, but it's hard to think of any more that approach that scope and scale and impact.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Westin Twigg with Pacific Crest.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: First, just wondering if you're seeing yet any inflection in orders related to double patterning ramps this year.
Martin B. Anstice: I'd say always. I mean, the patterning environment generally is a perpetually expanding marketplace. And as we articulated, the spending concentration in the leading foundry space and logic space is significant. So yes, each and every day we show up to work, the answer to that question is yes.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: But I guess specifically not just patterning but double patterning orders are starting to benefit your order book?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, yes.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then also, just on the Axcelis agreement, collaboration on materials, just wondering if you can help us understand maybe the importance of implant etch interactions and what you might be potentially working on with Axcelis.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, we are in the very early stages of kind of developing the plans, and, frankly, there is a very obvious competitive consequence to saying too much on this call. But I am optimistic that the types of things that are available to one of my competitors as a result of their acquisition is available to us in terms of joint development activity. So we're going to work hard to make that possible, and I think we're pretty excited about developing opportunities and plans in the weeks and months ahead.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a clarification to start off, Martin. What was your estimate of 2012 wafer fab spending?
Martin B. Anstice: Ask the question again. 2012 what?
Ernest E. Maddock: I think it's...
Martin B. Anstice: WFE, was that your question?
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes.
Martin B. Anstice: Oh, $28 billion.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: $28 billion? Okay. And related to your March guidance, there is slight decline in your gross margin of 50 basis points even though you're taking up your shipment guidance 10% or so. And the customer mix shouldn't hurt you as much, I guess. It's more to Taiwan, I would think. Could you just talk a bit about pricing, any volume thus far and the like affecting gross margins? And then on OpEx, there is a fairly sizable step-up in OpEx, I guess, embedded in your guidance. Again, it's below what you're saying your model is, but there is a sequential increase in OpEx of $14 million. Is there any increase in OpEx that's being driven again due to competitive reasons because plate [ph] materials is going through a management transition or are these problematic spending that's happening?
Ernest E. Maddock: So Satya, this is Ernie. I tried to give you as much color on that as I could in my comments when I suggested that given that the company had an extra week of -- week's worth of OpEx in the March quarter, so we literally have a 13-week quarter or a 14-week quarter, plus you have the normal seasonality of payroll taxes. That's a $10 million lump for a company that is the size, scope and scale of the new Lam. And I'll -- Martin will provide commentary on the customer agreements, but if you look at the gross margin performance vis--vis the revenue decline, actually I think it does speak to the continued work we're doing on the synergy activities as well as some amount of benefit gain from the factory. So my view would be that the gross margin performance in the March quarter is pretty consistent with the ebb and flow of the business and the customers and the products. And so we're actually pretty, pretty pleased with that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Maybe another question on NAND here. Do your comments include NAND that was taken offline last year that's coming back online? Or is it strictly, is the NAND portion running full out right now and they're going to convert from DRAM to NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, our comments include our best understanding of available capacity and current utilization, correct.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. I'm just wondering if you think the conversion is going to pick up here, does your view of DRAM change at all this year?
Martin B. Anstice: I don't know if I'd make a big connection between those 2 things. I think the kind of dominant answer to the DRAM investment is the PC. We've gotten kind of maybe a little bit more conservative on the PC in the last 2 months, having been kind of maybe articulating a view of neutral to slightly up to being kind of neutral to slightly down. I think that's kind of the overwhelming tribe [ph] . But, I mean, there are some kind of nice headlines in terms of mobile-related DRAM growth, and the non-PC proportion of DRAM is very important. But I think the catalyst for investments in terms of capacity addition is going to be tied to the PC story.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. You don't see a big difference in your tool set between mobile DRAM and PC DRAM?
Martin B. Anstice: That's kind of hard for me to speak to that. I don't think so.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ben Pang with B. Riley Caris.
Benedict Pang - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: You commented on 2012 you defended 90% of your positions in etch. How has that historical looked over the last 3 years? Is that about the number that you have or is that better?
Martin B. Anstice: We're usually in the kind of, I would say, maybe 85% to 95% range is probably like our history. I wasn't really kind of trying to focus too much on the number, more focused on the qualitative commentary of the strength of the differentiation: is there evidenced by an overwhelmingly successful kind of defense? And so one of the questions that was asked a little earlier around spending profile in the company, our focus is on our offense. We clearly have to defend effectively. We don't defend everything. We never do. But on average, if we defend more than we don't and win more of our penetrations than others, then the share of the company goes up. And that's the plan, and that's why we stand committed to our 3% to 5% long-term goal.
Benedict Pang - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And is there any pattern around that? The 10% or 15% you don't get, is it just pretty random? Or is there some specific application that's more difficult to defend?
Martin B. Anstice: I was going to be really cute and say the consistent theme is we weren't good enough or someone else was better. But I guess what I would tend to conclude as a summary here is that a big part of the focus of the company, a big part of the strength of the company has been in and around the more critical applications in the fab. And so when we do have a defense exposure, it's much more likely to be in a noncritical space. And there's a reason why the commercial dialogue becomes more relevant there. But in the long term, our belief is still the same today as it was 5 years ago or 10 years ago, that if we focus on critical applications, our cycles of learning will be greater than anybody else's, and we will continue to be able to succeed to the ambition we're speaking to.
Shanye Hudson: And we have time -- Oh, I'm sorry. I was going to say I believe we have time for 2 more questions.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a follow-up question on the win at the leading logic company. I was just wondering, Martin, if you could share any color on what kind of a ramp in shipments and sales we might think about at this new customer. Is it more of a sales ramp 2 to 3 years from now? Is that kind of how we should consider modeling?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I'm kind of sorry I can't share too much with you. It's a production tool. So that means it's part of an active production buy.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then as a follow-up question, just a follow-up on the possibility of paying the dividend. Does Ernie's decision to leave Lam impact the timing of the board's decision on the dividend? Can Lam or does Lam need to find a permanent CFO first? Or can the dividend discussion and decision be made with the search ongoing?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, as much as Ernie is a tremendously important component to our company, there is no relationship to a decision on capital structure and whether he is here or someone else is here. I mean, we don't want to kind of dump a surprise on somebody, but we're not going to do that. So we will, as a company, make the right decision at the right time with support from our board of directors independent of individuals and individual transitions.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Chris Blansett with JPMorgan.
Christopher Rand Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Martin, I had a question about this win at your leading logic customer. And it really comes down to although you just announced the win, you've probably been spending money on this for maybe over a year. So I wanted to understand the leverage on the OpEx going forward as revenue from that customer ramps. And is the business big enough and is the leverage large enough that we'll actually see it in the financial model?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the operating -- the answer to the question is yes, I think you'll see it in the financial model. We certainly will see it in that we have more access to information, I guess. But the commentary from Ernie at the analyst meeting, which we repeated again today, speaks to the leverage in the company, the operating expense levels in the company, the targeted profitability levels in the company. So I -- you shouldn't be kind of like separating the 2 conversations. They're part of the same.
Christopher Rand Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question I had is related to the CFO replacement. Are you likely to look for someone internal inside Lam? Or do you -- is this an external search?
Martin B. Anstice: We have an active search today. We have a really talented finance organization and a great team and we're blessed with that, but we have decided, given the scale and scope of the company and our needs, an active search is an appropriate conclusion.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'd like to pass the call back to Shanye Hudson for closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Lorenzo. I would like to thank everyone who has joined us here on the call today. An audio replay can be available and found on our website later this afternoon. And then on behalf of the entire management team, we appreciate your interest in Lam Research.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation December 2012 Quarterly Results Conference Call. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Ernest E. Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation September 2012 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Britney. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here with me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the September 2012 quarter, and Martin will then share Lam's business outlook for the December 2012 quarter before we open the call for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements including those related to our expectations for the global macroeconomic environment; market size; wafer fabrication equipment spending; the revenue expectations of shipments to our Japanese customers; technology trends and transitions that may affect our business; market share changes; consumer demand; customer spending and behavior and the factors that will influence those expectations, as well as our spending projections; our investment plans; our business strategies; our expectations of the benefits resulting from our Novellus acquisition; our intentions for research and development activities; our contemplated tax rate and our forecast of market shares, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, operating profits, share repurchase activities, earnings per share and cash generation, both on a GAAP and on a non-GAAP basis, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call as well as on our most recently filed Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m., and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. With that, I'll turn the call over to you, Ernie.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Shanye, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report good results for the quarter ended September 23. All metrics mentioned on today's call are for the combined company. And as a reminder, the September quarter results include a full quarter of merger-related activity, while any June quarter comparisons reflect only 20 days work. Total shipments were $935 million for the September quarter, up 15% from the June quarter and within our previously guided range. As expected, we did see a slight broadening of customers across multiple segments. And to that point, for the September quarter, approximately 20% of our system shipments were for technology nodes greater than 4X, while the remainder of approximately 80% were for applications at the sub-4X technology node. Segment data is as follows: Foundry shipments accounted for 48% of total system shipments, while the memory segment accounted for 42% of total system shipments, which include NAND at 22%; DRAM at 19%; and other memory at 1%. Constituting the balance, logic and other were 10% of the total system shipments. Revenue in the September quarter was $907 million, up 22% sequentially and in line with our expectations for the quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 44.4%, up 2.3 percentage points from the prior quarter and exceeding the high end of our guidance range, primarily due to solid operational execution and a more favorable product and customer mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were approximately $284 million, up sequentially from $215 million in June. A more instructional comparison would be the performance of the 2 companies on a stand-alone basis during the March quarter where combined expenses totaled $293 million. Between $5 million and $6 million of the reduction relates to the achievement of OpEx related synergies, while the remainder relates to lower stock compensation expense associated with merger-related acceleration of equity awards. The combination of higher gross margins and lower operating expenses resulted in non-GAAP operating income of $118 million and non-GAAP operating margin of 13%, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Relative to our expectations for the quarter, non-GAAP other expenses of $2.2 million was favorably impacted by foreign currency adjustments and interest income. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 16.3% compared to 16.9% in the June quarter. And presently, we're still expecting a fiscal year non-GAAP tax rate in the mid-teens. Should the federal R&D tax credit be extended prior to our fiscal year end, this rate would be reduced to the lower teens. Based on a share count of approximately 182 million shares, September quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.53, exceeding the high end of this quarter's guidance by $0.06. Moving now to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash and investments of $2.9 billion versus $3 billion in the prior quarter, with our cash generation for the quarter being offset by our ongoing share repurchase program. Day sales outstanding for the September quarter were 64, and inventory turns were 4.0. As you know, we did not report these metrics for the June quarter as the 20 days stub period related to the Novellus transaction caused these metrics to be unhelpful. During the September quarter, these metrics for the combined company are aligned with normalized levels. And for comparison, DSO for the March quarter for Lam stand-alone were 65 days, and the inventory turns were 4.2. We ended the quarter with deferred revenue of $364 million, excluding approximately $21 million in the shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Cash from operations was $249 million or 27% of revenue in the September quarter. And we currently expect that as a percentage of revenue, CY '13 cash from operations will approximate CY '13 non-GAAP operating income. Combined company noncash expense includes, among other items, $24 million for equity compensation, $45 million for amortization and $30 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $44 million, and we exited the quarter with approximately 6,600 regular full-time employees. Lastly, I'd like to provide an update on our ongoing share repurchase activity. During the September quarter, we spent approximately $344 million repurchasing shares and took delivery of about 12 million shares of common stock, which includes just over 2 million shares received in conjunction with our June quarter expenditures under structured repurchase programs. As indicated previously, our activity during the quarter was more systematic in nature, and we now expect to complete a significant majority of our $1.6 billion share repurchase during 2012. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you, Ernie, and good afternoon, everyone. Despite well-publicized adverse market conditions recently and the associated ongoing cyclical pressures, Lam delivered on all key customer and financial commitments for the September quarter. These achievements reflect incredible levels of commitment from our employees worldwide, continued focus on operational execution and the unwavering focus on our customers and our strategic growth objectives. We're very pleased with our progress. First today, I'll briefly update our views on the industry. Since our last call, a number of customers lowered their investment plans for the balance of this calendar year. Accordingly, we have further lowered our 2012 wafer fabrication equipment spending outlook to a $28 billion to $29 billion range. Having essentially met September guidance, this adjustment impacts the December 2012 quarter significantly, particularly in the area of shipments. Again, the NAND segment accounted for the vast majority of this latest series of spend reductions as manufacturers continue to react to the pricing environments and their view of supply and demand. Given the decrease in new capacity additions planned for the balance of calendar '12, we think it is likely they exit this year with very tight NAND device supply, which bodes well for a resurgence of spending in calendar '13, probably in the first half. Clearly, there is some evidence we are already seeing the impact of this supply situation in NAND ASPs, which has started to increase over this past quarter. This is an important reference point for confidence in future capacity expansion. While it is still too early to accurately forecast 2013 WFE spend to any significant detail, our initial analysis still supports the prospect for spending, once again, to be within a range of $30 billion. Smartphones, tablets and SSDs support the need for new NAND capacity and additional leading-edge foundry and logic investments. These drivers are also positive for mobile DRAM demand. However, projections for PC unit growth and DRAM content growth continue to be modest, resulting in another year of limited DRAM equipment spending, most likely. Considering the fundamentals of WFE capacity and our understanding of demand for electronics products, we would characterize the 2013 WFE spend to have more potential for upside than risk. Needless to say, the often unrelated macro influences independent of the semiconductor cycle are significant to the risk and upside both. As you might expect in this environment, Lam is even more focused on executing well, managing short-term volatility but staying the course on the primary elements of our longer-term market share growth objectives. We'll spend more time in our upcoming Analyst Meeting in November, focused on communicating progress to date on these long-term items, characterizing their magnitude and the probability of our excess -- of our success exploiting market opportunities and technology inflections. In calendar year 2013, we expect customers to begin ramping capacity additions for the n+1 technology node, which includes the transition to 40 [ph] -nanometer for logic and 20-nanometer for foundry. Potential 3D NAND pilot line investments could also begin late in the year. But primarily, we are assuming a planar-based memory WFE for now. For Lam, these transitions represent key opportunities and support achieving our stated market share growth objectives. We're pleased with our progress. It goes without saying that successfully defending existing positions is the most critical foundation of market share sustainability. Building off that foundation with targeted application penetrations to gain share is our proven growth model. In etch, clean and deposition, we continue to defend positions well. We believe that approximately 70% of the critical n+1 technology node tool selection decisions have been made at this time. And on that basis, we would estimate our application-based market share for etch, clean and deposition in the low 50s, low to mid-20s and mid-20s percentage range, respectively. Especially in etch and deposition, recent selection decisions by our customers have demonstrated good progress towards our goals. In clean, we are now more focused on n+2 transitions with the planned release of our next-generation product next year. In the remaining 30% of n+1 decisions available and n+2 decisions that will be made in earnest throughout next year, we are targeting additional growth hinged around key technology inflections consistent with achieving our 3- to 5-year targeted market share growth objectives of plus 3 to 5 percentage points for etch, 5 to 10 percentage points for clean and 4 to 8 percentage points for deposition. In etch, as market share leader for the conductor segments and particularly for critical patterning processes, Lam stands to benefit from the growing number of patterning steps in next-generation foundry and memory devices. In single wafer clean, we have a position of leadership in back-end-of-line applications and are now focused on delivering enhanced productivity and differentiated process results to better compete for a broader range of applications, including the front-end cleans. Since the last earnings call, our design solutions have generated considerable interest from leading device manufacturers, with the promise for delivering a flexible architecture and on-wafer performance capabilities aligned with their roadmaps. Decisions for clean process steps often come later in the selection process as we talked about previously, and we believe there are still opportunities to capture new applications at the n+1 technology node. In deposition, Lam holds the leading position for critical back-end-of-line interconnect processes, including diffusion barriers, ultra-low-k film gearing and copper fill. The complexity, in some cases the number of interconnect layers, is increasing, which requires more deposition systems to process the same number of wafers. As a newly formed combined company, we, Lam and Novellus, are more competitive together, and the timing of our transaction fits well with industry transitions. Illustratively, the 3D NAND devices roadmap represents a significant growth opportunity for both etch and depositions, sometimes together through adjacent process leverage. Repeatable and precise process capabilities are critical to 3D NAND device performance, our ability to etch high aspect ratio structures and deposit atomically smooth film stacks both uniformly and repeatedly position us well for opportunities in dielectric etch and PECVD both. Overall, we're delighted by the interaction and excitement shared among our combined engineering and field organizations, more by the results already evidenced to identify and develop strategies for accelerating Lam's growth. Worthy of note, we are already targeting incremental revenues in calendar '13 in excess of our stated synergy cost reductions. We continue to execute plans to combine our key business processes, management systems and infrastructure. The magnitude of these projects is sizable and includes, among other areas, the integration of both company's IT infrastructures, HR platforms and the integration of our ERP systems and processes. We completed a thorough assessment of these projects early on and have developed plans which address potential risks. I'm pleased with the pace and progress of our efforts so far, which we are largely targeting to complete by mid-2013, when a number of step function cost synergy actions become possible. Since closing the Novellus transaction in early June, we've made significant progress against our cost synergy targets. We are rationalizing our infrastructure at the executive level and across our regional management team and support organizations. We are nearly compete -- complete in our efforts to consolidate field offices and spare depots worldwide. We have started to eliminate duplicate corporate fees relating to outside services, and we have successfully concluded initial cost savings negotiations with a number of key material suppliers. To date, these actions have resulted in annualized cost savings of approximately $25 million. Our strategy is to run the company at a lower combined cost than the 2 stand-alone companies would have done separately, remaining committed to long-term growth and, where necessary, sustained long-term investments. Subsequent to our prior earnings call, we had received a number of questions about CY '13 operating expenses. We plan to deliver a comprehensive commentary on this at our November Analyst Meeting, but for now want to convey some important headlines. The combined company cost baseline for the first half of calendar 2012 was approximately $295 million per quarter in OpEx. Stand-alone Lam had essentially capped operating expenses for calendar '12 to $200 million per quarter, and Novellus, $100 million. The combined company targeted cost synergies are $100 million annualized effective at the end of calendar '13. Approximately 50% of those synergies are planned in operating expenses. The new quarterly operating expense cap is less than $305 million per quarter for the combined company in calendar '13, which would apply to the $1 billion quarterly revenue level. This amount would include our anticipated cost synergies. It would fund above market growth and would accommodate ramping 450-millimeter equipment development. Initial modeling should assume a graduated progression through the year. Customary quarterly guidance will, of course, be available ongoing. We anticipate, at least currently, only modest OpEx expansion in subsequent years. This balanced approach to managing costs while continuing to invest for future growth is crucial in today's rapidly changing business climates and with high risk and reward industry inflections. We feel that this target optimizes short- and long-term performance appropriately. Turning now to our outlook for the December 2012 quarter, our non-GAAP guidance is as follows: Shipments of $800 million, plus or minus $30 million; revenues of $850 million, plus or minus $30 million; gross margin at 44%, plus or minus 1%; operating profit at 11%, plus or minus 1.5%; and earnings per share of $0.45, plus or minus $0.07 based on a share count of approximately 172 million shares. And with that, Ernie and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with the Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First, in terms of the outlook for the December quarter, can you just give a little color, in terms of percentages, what you're expecting in terms of the different customer groups?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, for sure. As you might expect, relative to the shipments breakdown, there's a fair amount of intensity around foundry and kind of logic/other. So I would assume that about a 50% profile for foundries, 25% level for logic/other and about 25% with memory. And within that, memory sets a pretty heavy weighting towards DRAM upgrades is the profile that we see right now.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. The foundries moved to the -- both, I guess the 28- and the 20-nanometer nodes. You're seeing the increased talk about going to FinFET technology for the foundries. Can you give a little bit of color of where Lam is well-positioned in terms of that process technology or where you think you can gain share?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I guess, the first, I'll break that into kind of 2 components, 28 to 20. As I think we've articulated previously, that's a pretty expensive transition for the foundries. I think the estimates are between 1.3x and 1.4x in terms of cost. And our best estimates in terms of impacts on the etch fab [ph] are between a 25% and a 35% increase in spending. Naturally, the types of challenges around metal hard mask transitions in that node are definitely appealing to the natural strength of the company in terms of conductor etch. And certainly, that's a very positive headline for the company. As you move towards the FinFET transition, obviously, there's some announcements around adoption of the 16-nanometer or sometimes referred to 18-nanometer node. And again, the types of profile challenges that exist with the vertical structure kind of naturally exploits the strengths of the company conductor etch in the logic space, but also demonstrated performance in high-aspect ratio features in some of the memory applications as well. So we're feeling pretty good about the impact on our SAM in those transitions, which we think is kind of pretty close to the average WFE transitions for the industry, for the 28 to 20, maybe a little less in the case of etch, as I just spoke to. And the FinFET transition for us is probably a 15% increase in SAM. So good position and good impact in terms of SAM opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Martin, I just wanted to follow-up on your comment on the 2013 CapEx outlook. Can you talk about your assumptions for both memory and logic foundry spending and that $30 billion number? And then I will follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I guess first thing to say is we assume both memory and logic and foundry spend money next year. As I think we've articulated probably in equal measure through the year, the breakdown that we're assuming for 2012, WFE is about $8 billion of memory, $5 billion of microprocessor, $12 billion of foundry and $3 billion logic/other. The principal change we believe that exists in terms of segments if you buy into the $30 billion that we've just described, is that memory is a little stronger. It goes from the $8 billion level to the $10 billion level. That's the placeholder we're assuming. And there are a couple of reasons for that. One of them is that for the assumptions we're making on DRAM bit growth, and I think they're consistent with consensus, is slightly stronger bit growth next year at the high 30s. And I'm seeing some memory companies perhaps even speak to a little bit better in some instances. So we're assuming high 30s on the back of a 30% 2012 year. And despite the current environments that we're in with NAND, when we look at the construct of today's installed base and think through the 50% bit growth assumption for 2013, we would estimate that there will be about a 150,000 wafer starts of capacity addition next year and about 450,000 wafer starts of capacity conversion. And that is a slightly richer ratio biased to the additions that existed in calendar '12. Calendar '12 was the most efficient year in NAND history. That's certainly in the last 3 years relative to the mix of addition and conversion. And the 150,000 wafer start number that I just said is our assumption for next year NAND additions. It's still meaningfully less than the additions that were made in 2011 and 2010.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And just one other follow-up. If let's say, industry WFE is up 10% next year, in that scenario, how do you think about Lam's revenue growth given the rising etch intensity at 20-nanometer?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think I've framed the first part of the answer to the question for you in terms of the SAM expansion. So you're going to have to kind of build the construct from that because we're not about to kind of launch into giving guidance for the calendar year revenues. But I think the message in terms of SAM expansion through the 28 and the 20 transition for foundry and the opportunity through the memory roadmap is positive. And the n+1 market share numbers that I presented to you in my prepared comments were all positive to the current baseline, so you know what we're targeting to achieve. And certainly, in the second half of next year, n+1 will begin to feature in the spending of WFE.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Blansett with JPMorgan.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of quick ones. Martin, you seem to be more positive on near-term etch and deposition share gain than you do on clean. What types of customers or what types of applications do you think you'll gain share at in those products over the next year or 2?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the good news is I seem to be more positive because I am a little bit more positive, at least in the near term. As I've described before, I feel really good about the competitive strength of the company in clean in the back-end-of-line. But until we have our next-generation product, we're not going to have the competitive differentiation that I think will deliver the traction in market share gain in clean. And that's something that will be with us targeted in the middle of next year. For etch, well-positioned in terms of 28 to 20 transitions. And as I said, 70% of the decisions, the n+1 decisions for critical applications, we believe, are pretty complete at this point in time. So we have reasonably good data on the etch position in foundry. And the patterning layers and hard mask steps in that transition are very beneficial to us given the natural strength of the company in conductor etch deposition. As I mentioned, it's really all about back-end-of-line process, diffusion barrier, copper fill, very strong market share positions for the company as a baseline. I mean, the DCV [ph] position of the company is about a 70% market share, so we're coming from a position of strength. And that's obviously a very important foundation.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then last question was tied to residual Novellus revenue prior to the acquisition. I want to know how that plays into your guidance for the fourth quarter if it does play at all into that?
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, Chris, this is Ernie. As we mentioned, by the December quarter, there is virtually no quarterly impact resulting from that change in rev-rec policy because there'll be as much flowing into the revenue stream in the December quarter as there will be deferred. So that impact is largely behind us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Martin, just a question as you plan ahead into early 2013. How are you initially planning to see WFE spend trending in the March quarter? It sounds like NAND is a first half opportunity, in the full year it should be strong. Are you planning for the December quarter to likely be this near-term trough quarter?
Martin B. Anstice: So I'll give you kind of couple of data points. Obviously, to really put a stake in the ground on the proportion of WFE first half and second half next year is pretty difficult. But we would probably assume a slightly weaker first half than second half. And whether it's 14 or 16 or something slightly different, that's the baseline I would assume for now. In terms of answering the question specifically about where kind of a NAND investment kind of plays out, today, our customers have done an incredible job basically locking down qualified capacity. And so the amount of capacity that's unqualified exiting this year, I think it's at an all-time low. So if there's any demand, it's going to, by its very nature, require capacity addition. So I think the switch is going to be really immediate when demand exists. And when you look at some of the signals of demand, I mean, we're not lost without demand signals. So although we don't disclose bookings, perhaps to be a little helpful, if -- when we look at our forecast, our bookings forecast in December is slightly greater than our shippings guidance -- shipments guidance today. So the trajectory that appears to exist would tend to support March being better in terms of business activities than December. But as we all learned in this quarter, things can change very quickly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, a couple of questions. Just a clarification on this December bookings comment. Is December bookings up from September directionally?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I'm not going to comment because -- I had a feeling if I said something about bookings, someone's going to ask a follow-up. So I'm going to tell you exactly what I told you. And we've got some bookings-to-shipment ratio that's positive in our outlook in December, but that's the color you get on bookings unfortunately.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, I just thought I would try. Another -- a question on your logic shipments. Embedded guidance that you're talking about for logic shipments in your December, if I just do the math, logic is up almost 2x. Your September numbers, I don't if I got that right or not, that seems to be in contrast with what we're hearing as weakness in the PC space and generally investor concerns of equipment reuse. Is this share gain on your part or less than a perfect understanding, by perhaps investors, on what the equipment needs are for the logic segment longer term?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, at some level, it may be a -- it's certainly assumed that it's in the category of smaller numbers on an absolute basis. So the percentages tend to kind of swing around a little bit. I don't think we've got a fundamental market share message we're communicating to you. I think it's a fairly distributed set of people spending money. You're absolutely right to make the point around reuse, at least in the microprocessor space, as being relevant to the purchasing activities today and maybe even in the December quarter as well. So we don't really have a kind of fundamental share gain message to be communicating. But the math that you did is certainly in line with the assumptions that we're making today.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, on the opportunity that you articulated about improvement in NAND CapEx for next year, what's the risk that the first thing that happens is that we move some of the excess DRAM capacity over to NAND before we see new NAND capacity expansion? Recognizing that I think your logic on NAND price is improving on the heels of a lower CapEx this year makes perfect sense, but might we have to eat through some excess DRAM capacity that gets transitioned over before we see new NAND orders?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think if you kind of back up 3 to 4 years, that was a much more kind of prevalent reality than it's been for some time. In the last 12 months, we've seen a couple of customers talk about it and/or do it. And in fact, the transitions have actually gone the other direction to the one that you're hypothesizing, at least in Korea, or I think that's the reality. It's not an easy thing to do. It can be a little costly and complicated and challenging. So we're not actually sitting here today with a very misbalanced supply and demand in DRAM. I mean clearly, the guys that sell DRAM devices can make the choices that you're describing and potentially the economics of DRAM, unless you're in the mobile DRAM space, are going to kind of motivate people to at least consider it, but it's not easy. So we're not seeing a big supply demand imbalance despite the fact that clearly the economics of DRAM, unless you're at 3X mode or headed to 2X, are very difficult. But it is at least a theoretical consideration.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess if I could just use this as my follow-up. So you're articulating a scenario of flat-top wafer fab equipment spending next year. Is it fair to say that if the biggest logic customer and/or the biggest memory/foundry customer is going to be down 30% that, that's not baked into that $30 billion wafer fab equipment forecast? In other words, in that $30 billion, you're not assuming any of your large customers decline significantly, is that right? So if that were to happen, that's incremental downside to your forecast?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, it's pretty hard to argue a global WFE that is disconnected from the realities of spending by the top 3 guys. They represent 60% to 70% of spending these days. So you're generally kind of right, I would say. Again, there's not a huge amount of science at this point to -- at least too precision here, and I do think we're biased to see a little bit more upside. The only thing that we've kind of assumed in terms of growth year-over-year from a segment point of view is in the NAND space for the reasons I've described. At least our assumption on the PC, which is still pretty impactful in terms of spending, we're only assuming 3% PC unit growth, and the range is like wild. I mean, I've seen minus 1% or minus 2% percentage point estimates all the way up to 11%. So we're in a fairly conservative range at the 3%. So I don't know if there's upside there or not. Well, time will tell. And there's the potential for some upside, I think, if the 3D NAND transition and/or the 20-nanometer foundry roadmaps kind of pop a little bit faster than people are expecting. But at least for us, in the $30 billion, we're pretty conservative on all of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering on the gross margin improvement this past quarter, how much of that was contributing from this broadening on customer? And as we move to the new year, as some of these bigger customers come back and spend, are you worried that those bigger contract with those big customer might impact gross margin?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the customer concentration kind of reality, I think, for every equipment company is the more the big guys spend, the tougher it is to make money. So certainly, the evidence of the last 12 months has shown that to us. And frankly speaking, despite our best efforts, it's probably a legitimate part of our future. Actually, in the September quarter, the mix that's in there relative to the top 3 is actually pretty reasonable. It's not a kind of wildly concentrated profile and it's not wildly distributed profile. The top 3 customers represent a fairly reasonable assumption for their share on an ongoing basis. So it's not a bad stake in the ground.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I see. Okay, great, that was helpful. And then I guess going back to NAND, you mentioned that you guys are well-positioned for 3D NAND transition which could potentially start some part in the back half. Do you see a scenario where some of these NAND customers want to delay the spending because they know that they're going to transition to the 3D NAND in back half of next year or maybe 2014, and therefore result in lower levels of NAND spending in the coming year?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, we're -- as I said in my prepared comments, we're assuming that in the $30 billion, it's all about planar NAND. So we got like next to nothing assumed for 3D. Relative to the timing of the transition, it's not an easy technical transition. There's still a decent set of unanswered questions on device flow and structure. And evidence of that is we are continuing to learn about our SAM opportunity. So you will remember in kind of prior quarters, I have said that if you look at kind of etch as a -- etch and deposition as kind of baselines for our company today, and you start to model what happens to our SAM or what happens to the cost of 10,000 wafer starts in a planar to 3D transition in the FinFET space and the NAND space, I had said I believe that our SAM goes up by about 15 percentage points by virtue of process time and process flow. And in the last kind of 6 months, the customers made some pretty significant choices around NAND process flow. And I would say that, that 15% that we have stated previously is probably underestimating the opportunity in etch and clean, both by up to a 2 to 3x factor. So the 15-percentage point number that we have said previously has the potential to be 2 or 3x greater than, that in this transition. So it's a very big deal. And that's a big deal in the context of overall WFE because unlike in the logic transition, the requirements for lithography actually get eased in that transition to a 3D structure memory. So not only is it a big deal in terms of the amount of money that gets spent in our segments in a 3D NAND environment, the proportion of WFE that gets assigned to the segments of our business is also increasing.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Question for you on gross margins. In terms of the 44% for Q4 guide, how should we think about the trajectory thereafter? And I guess what I'm getting at is, is there a benefit there in terms of deferred revenue contribution? How should we think about the synergies rolling in? And I guess, given your construct of kind of second half more heavily weighted than the first half, we'd kind of love to get a feel for how you see that trajectory through the calendar year.
Ernest E. Maddock: C.J., this is Ernie. So at sort of even revenue volumes, I think you would see continued incremental progress on the gross margin line as the result of the synergies associated with that. Obviously, you're going to have an impact from customer and product mix as well. So I wouldn't say you would see any significant upward trajectory, but certainly, the opportunity exists for there to be some incremental improvement.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess as my follow-up, and forgive me if you've discussed this, but curious what you could share in terms of share repurchase with all the excess cash and how you plan on, I guess, using that going forward.
Ernest E. Maddock: So certainly, we're going to be executing on the balance of the $1.6 billion share repurchase. As we talked about in our prepared comments, the vast majority of that will be complete in this calendar year. Beyond that time, we're engaged in discussions with the board about an appropriate way to ensure an ongoing return of cash we generate to our shareholders, and we'll be providing further updates to that as it becomes more clear to us.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions, Ernie. First -- on the first one, you guys have talked about 3D NAND. I just was wondering and you also talked about the build [ph] in n+1. So I was wondering how well are you guys positioned with all the 4 major NAND producers in terms of 3D NAND? And then I have a follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure I got all of the question, but I -- certainly, in terms of the n to n+1 transition, for us in NAND, certainly, that is solid and there are penetrations assumed in the market share objectives that I've previously described in terms of kind of planar device. From a positioning point of view in the 3D structure, I think across the full portfolio of products, we've got the right engagements at the right time with the right people. As I mentioned, there's a lot of decisions still to be made, a lot of uncertainty, not just in timing, but in terms of the ultimate construct of the flow. And so it's a big part of the investment profile in the company, it's a big part of collaborating and engaging with R&D at the customers, and we're at every significant location we need to be.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just on the -- as a follow-up on the foundry space, people are talking about this ramp in 20-nanometer in the second half. I just wondering how much amount of reuses there on the 20-nanometer are potentially do you think you could benefit from double patterning in that?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the answer, I guess, to the second part of your question, there is really the 28 to 20 numbers that I already kind of disclosed to you. I said I thought 25% to 35% was the SAM expansion potential for etch, deposition a little less than that and clean is kind of to be determined. It's all about a yield play. So we really don't know how to answer that question until we get there. And there is a reasonable potential for -- in the range of 25,000 to 30,000 wafer starts of 20-nanometer capacity to be added next year. That's our assumption right now. And so it's predominantly a 28-nanometer year still. I mean, we exit this year at maybe at 240,000 wafer starts, and we believe that the 28-nanometer technology nodes will exceed 300,000 wafer starts ultimately and maybe get to as high as 340,000 or 350,000. We'll see. So it's really a 28 year, with initial 20. Answering the reuse question is pretty difficult at this point. I would tend to think reuse potential is very low. It's not an established model in the foundry, certainly in the 40 to 32 and 28 transitions. There was a little bit more than historically. But it's a tough place to do reuse on any significant scale.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This question relates to the foundry business. If we look ahead into 2013, and if we were to see a significant shift regionally toward a strengthening Taiwanese foundry away from a weakening Korean foundry, how would that affect some of your near-term market share goals in etch and deposition and clean?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I don't think it affects the near-term goals in the slightest, personally. But ultimately that's a by-product of decisions that customers make, not us. I do think if you kind of peel the onion of market share for Lam Research in etch, using etch as a proxy, we're reasonably agnostic to the choices and the transitions geographically across the base of foundries. And the obvious exception to that obviously is a company like Intel to the extent that it is -- have plans to or chooses to pursue business in a foundry model, which gets talked about in the press all time, and I have no idea if that ever happens. But that's the only one exception. Everything else, we're reasonably agnostic to, by virtue of where we have applications penetrated and the differences in the process flows between the foundries.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Terrific. And then the follow-up question I have is regarding the change in OpEx from roughly $284 million to approach maybe $305 million by year end '13. Just to understand, is that a fairly linear ramp? And also how much of that would be in cash OpEx versus stock compensation?
Ernest E. Maddock: Terence, it's probably reasonable at this point, and I would stress that we haven't yet completed our 2013 annual operating plan where we would have that level of visibility. But it is reasonable to think about that on a linear basis. And it's reasonable to think about at least half of that delta being in noncash-related expenses, be it stock compensation or depreciation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Martin, I had a question in terms of the front-end-of-line clean. As you guys try to get into the FEOL clean and your competition goes from front-end-of-line to back-end-of-line clean, are you guys using the same products? Are you guys developing new products to attack this market?
Martin B. Anstice: We're planning to do, we're -- as maybe the framework for answering the question, because the products that we're targeting to release is a calendar '13 product release for us, is building upon the established strengths of the company, which is to have a common architecture that we use to penetrate in many applications and then to have kind of like an options flexibility that allows customization to specific back-end applications and front-end. It is a new product, yes. It is much more productive than the platform that we're able to compete with today, and so it fundamentally changes the competitive position of the company on productivity. And we are working really hard to establish technical differentiation in the area of specific challenges that are relevant to getting traction. There's a lot of work ahead of us, but certainly the plans of the company are defined that way.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up, you guys talked quite a lot about 3D memory, and it seems interesting that it's finally coming to fruition at some point in the near future. What specific product lines of yours would be best impacted or best positioned when 3D NAND or even 3D DRAM happens?
Martin B. Anstice: It would appear like deposition, one, etch, two, and clean, three, in terms of the change from a percentage point of view in each of those segments. Obviously, the etch segment is the biggest segment. So the absolute dollars of change in etch may be quite similar to the absolute dollars available in terms of change in dep. But on a percentage basis, if you look to percentage dep in our planar structure to a 3D structure is the biggest proportional increase. And I've just said clean on the lower side, and the reason I said that is because until the customer attempts to yield, we're not really going to have the answer to where the value on yield-enhancing solutions is from a process flow.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Martin, going back to your NAND commentary, I'm just curious what gives you the confidence that we're going to see a kind of cycle in NAND spending that has happened many times in the past? The prices go up and your NAND customers are still [ph] spending. And I'm looking to next year, more and more of your NAND manufacturers are reallocating capital to M&A, and they seem to also be changing their strategy, different focus. So again, what gives you confidence that this time is going to be similar to what has happened in the past? And why wouldn't it be more different in the sense that more dollars of CapEx reallocated to M&A?
Martin B. Anstice: It's a tough question. I would say, first of all, I don't think anything happens kind of anytime soon. I think consistent with comments from other equipment companies, we're certainly in a lull in December and probably in a lull in March as well, and we'll see when we get to the June quarter. But relative to confidence, I don't think we have an extravagant characterization of bit growth in calendar '13. We're assuming 50%. 50% is the lowest percentage of bit growth in any of the last 4 years. That's kind of statement #1. Statement #2, at least to our analytics, there's only 20,000 wafer starts globally of unqualified, unused capacity. Unbelievably low. And so any demand that comes in is going to be a catalyst for spending. Now the spending can come in many forms, to your point. But at least to date, we have not learned anything from customers that would cause us to model the outlook differently. Obviously, if we do and when we do, we'll share that perspective with you. And at the end of the day, the NAND investment, and like any segment, frankly, is all about demand and supply, but it's also about the availability to upgrade the existing installed base. And in calendar 2012, we probably have seen 70,000 wafer starts of new capacity added by the end of this year in support of a 65% bit growth. And we're assuming about 150,000 wafer starts of addition next year, with about 100,000 wafer starts of less conversion in '13 than occurred in '12. So that mix has the potential to change the answer to the question. We've done our best to tell you what we think the outlook is, and our best estimate is 150,000 wafer starts of addition next year and 450,000 wafer starts of conversion. And the additions will cost about $280 million, $285 million, $290 million per 10,000 wafer starts and the conversions we think cost about $50 million to $60 million per 10,000 wafer starts next year.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then one quick follow-up in terms of reporting. What would it take for you to provide some segment reporting, either revenue or revenue and profit margin profile?
Ernest E. Maddock: Mehdi, providing segment data would be particularly challenging given that so much of that is available to our competitors, and there's a general trend in the industry that, that information is not provided, and we certainly don't want to be ground breakers there. So I don't think you should anticipate a change anytime soon.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Britney. I'd like to thank everyone, on behalf of the management team, for joining us here today. An audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And again, we appreciate your interest in Lam Research.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Ernest E. Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2012 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Douglas. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the June 2012 quarter and outline some of the impacts associated with our Novellus acquisition. Martin will then share Lam's business outlook for the September 2012 quarter and combined company guidance before opening up the call for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements including those related to our expectations for the global macroeconomic environment of market size; wafer fab equipment spending; market share changes; consumer demand, customer spending and behavior and the factors that will influence those expectations as well as our spending projections; our investment plans; our business strategies; our aspirations of the benefits with our merger with Novellus; our intentions for research and development activities, our contemplated tax rate and our forecast of market shares, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins operating profits, share repurchase activities, earnings per share and cash generation on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. With that, I'll turn the call over to you, Ernie.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Shanye, and good afternoon, everyone. The June quarter marks an important milestone in the history of Lam Research. As you know on June 4, we successfully completed the acquisition of Novellus Systems. Our combined financial results, which are reflected in the press release issued earlier today, include only 20 days of Novellus activity. With that in mind, I'd like to begin my remarks today by reviewing Lam's standalone performance for the June quarter as it relates to the guidance we've provided on our April call. We ended our fiscal year with solid performance and exceeded the midpoints of our guidance range for all metrics provided. Specifically, shipments were approximately $727 million for the quarter, up 2% from the March quarter, supported by capacity additions for leading etch Foundry customers and DRAM capacity conversions for the 2x and 3x technology nodes. Although moderating, leading edge NAND capacity additions continue to be a meaningful part of the company's shipment profile. Turning to the breakdown by application and market segment for Lam's standalone shipments, applications for sub 4x technology nodes represented 96% of overall system shipments. Foundry shipments accounted for 48% of total system shipments while the Memory segment accounted for 46% total shipments divided between NAND at 18% and DRAM at 28%. Lastly, Logic and Other constituted the balance of 6%. Revenue in the June quarter was $716 million, up 9% sequentially. Non-GAAP gross margin was 41.9%, up 1 percentage point from the prior quarter, primarily due to a more favorable customer and product mix and improved factory and field utilization. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were approximately $195 million versus $197 million in the March quarter. The operating expense level reflects our continued investment in the strategic products and projects offset by favorability related to deferred compensation plan obligations resulting from stock market decline. Lam attempts to mitigate overall plan exposure relative to market fluctuations and the decreased operating expenses were substantively offset in other income and expense. Non-GAAP operating income was $106 million versus $73 million in the prior quarter and resulted in a non-GAAP operating margin of 14.7%, exceeding the high end of our guidance range on a positive progression from the 11.1% in the March 2012 quarter. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the June quarter was aligned with our expectations at 16.5% compared to the 20.4% for the March quarter. Based on a share count of approximately 117 million shares, June quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.75, exceeding the high end of our guidance range for the quarter by $0.03. I'll note once again that all of the data I've just provided is for Lam's standalone and is intended to be compared to our previously provided June quarter guidance. Prior to presenting the balance sheet for the combined company, I'd like to address a few housekeeping items. First, as we think about fiscal year 2013, as the new Lam, we currently contemplate a tax rate in the midteens. This estimate is subject to further revision as we more thoroughly complete tax planning activities for the combined company and would be favorably impacted should the Federal R&D tax credit be extended. Relative to Novellus on a standalone basis, shipments for the June quarter were approximately $309 million while the combined company recorded it $816 million in shipments for the same period, which includes $89 million of Novellus shipments made after June 4. Turning now to the balance sheet. The results that follow represent the combined company. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments including restricted cash and investments of $3 billion versus $2.6 billion for Lam's standalone in the prior quarter. This includes approximately $1.1 billion acquired as a result of the Novellus transaction, offset by the impact of our June quarter share repurchase activity, which I will discuss further in a moment. Relative to DSO and inventory turns while there has been no significant change to the underlying operational performance of either company, June quarter financial results are significantly impacted by the 20 day stop period for Novellus and are not helpful for understanding the companies' overall performance. We foresee a return to more normal external metrics in the September quarter and we will discuss them at that time. We ended the June quarter with deferred revenue of $335 million excluding approximately $23 million in shipments to Japanese customers that were revenue in future quarters. Approximately $87 million of the deferred revenue balance relates to Novellus products. Combined company non-cash expenses include, among other items, $29 million for equity compensation and $35 million for depreciation and amortization. Capital expenditures were $37 million and we exited the quarter with approximately 6,600 regular full-time employees, including approximately 2,750 Novellus employees. During the June quarter, we spent approximately $676 million for share repurchases and took delivery of approximately 16 million shares of common stock. In the September quarter, we expect to receive an additional 2 to 3 million shares associated with our June quarter expenditures resulting in an effective purchase price between $36 and $38 per share. These deliveries will be in addition to any new September quarter repurchases made under the company's ongoing repurchase program. Before turning over the call to Martin, I'd like to discuss the impact of purchase price accounting rules related to the Novellus transaction. In particular, I'd like to call your attention to 3 areas where you will see the largest impact to our results. I'll explain more about the June quarter impact in a few minutes, which in turn provides the baseline for the September quarter guidance that Martin will be discussing in a few minutes. First, the transaction required that all acquired assets and assumed liabilities be recorded at current fair value including the inventory acquired from Novellus. This includes finished goods, work in process and raw materials and for the next 2 to 3 quarters, we will have revenue recognized with cost of goods sold values that are higher than the Novellus historical cost. These differences will be noted as a non-GAAP adjustment. The second area that was impacted by the transaction was revenue. Because Novellus and Lam had differing revenue recognition policies, there will be a delay in recognizing revenue for some Novellus Systems as we transition to Lam's customer acceptance based model. Additionally, due to purchase price accounting rules, we will not be able to recognize the majority of Novellus' deferred revenue that was recorded on its balance sheet as of the day of the transaction close, since the tools had already been physically delivered to customers. This Novellus deferred revenue totaled approximately $37 million. We expect that these timing differences will be fully normalized within a 2 to 3 quarter period and until then, we'll provide an estimate of their impacts. The circumstances in no way impact the timing or collectability of any customer receivables. Finally, our non-GAAP results will now also exclude the amortization of intangible assets we acquired and valued as of the date of the acquisition. I'd also like to call your attention to the fact that our GAAP and non-GAAP other income and expense will now include the expense associated with the coupon interest of the convertible debt we acquired as part of the transaction, currently estimated at approximately $4.5 million per quarter. As has been the case, our non-GAAP results will continue to exclude acquisition and integration related costs, the amortization of discounts for both companies' convertible notes and other certain nonrecurring items. Please refer to the non-GAAP reconciliations in today's press release for a complete review of the exclusion. With that, I'll now turn it over to Martin for his comments.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you, Ernie, and good afternoon, everyone. Lam's June quarter was very successful and I continue to be encouraged by the company's achievements. In addition to delivering targeted financial performance, we closed our acquisition of Novellus and immediately began executing on the objectives we established for the combined company while at the same time, ensuring continued focus on commitments made to our customers as 2 previously standalone companies. Before I expand on our progress internally, I'd first like to share our views on the current business environment. Since our April call, optimism around macroeconomic strength has waned somewhat and while views for 2012 GDP remain in the 2.5% to 2.7% range, estimates for 2013 growth appear to have weakened to below 3%, a level that is now more consistent with a stable growth outlook year-over-year with potential, we believe, for electronics growth in 2013 in excess of 2012. It is premature to start predicting 2013 wafer fabrication equipment spending with any certainty clearly. But our initial modeling of IC unit supply and demand would cause us to anticipate that spend would remain around the $30 billion level for a fourth straight year. Continued concerns over the Europe debt crisis, unemployment in the U.S. and questions about the level of China's growth outlook, all have the potential to constrain or negatively impact consumer electronics demand. We expect our customers to continue to focus on aligning their capacity additions with their own view of that demand outlook. One reasonable conclusion is that our near-term future is quite unsettled due to these macro factors. As such, we would now expect 2012 wafer fabrication equipment spending to be at the low end of our previously communicated $30 billion to $32 billion range. Turning first to the Foundry segments. We continue to expect Foundry WFE spending within a range of $12 billion to $13 billion, driven primarily by demand for leading edge capacity. Specifically, we are still projecting approximately 90,000 wafer starts per month of new 32, 28-nanometer capacity will be added throughout 2012, which supports our prior view for exiting the year with between 220,000 and 240,000 wafer starts per month of 32/28nm capacity. Given what appears to be a healthy demand for devices manufactured at this technology node, we continue to expect more than 300,000 wafer starts of total capacity to be ultimately installed, a figure that will surpass all prior year Foundry nodes. Investment timing will depend on several factors including economic uncertainty, competitive dynamics and production performance of our customers. However, our view suggests plenty of runway remains for 28-nanometer Foundry spending. Relative to the Logic markets, the leading edge 22-nanometer production ramp continues. Our outlook for WFE spend in the segment has marginally declined as opportunities for reuse of existing equipment appeared to have increased and the proportion of total CapEx for shelf space is now greater than previously expected. Likely, this bodes well for equipment spending in 2013. Our view of the DRAM segments has not substantially changed. We continue to see muted investment level supporting the big growth in the low 30% range this year. With virtually no new plant capacity additions in 2012, there remains the potential for supply constraints exiting 2012. Additionally, the sustained economic pressures caused by the proximity of DRAM selling prices to manufacturing costs motivate customers to convert capacity to the most competitive leading edge capability. While this scenario could result in higher levels of DRAM spending in 2013, spending levels will largely be a function of the demand environments. Again, the macros are likely to dominate. Finally, looking at the NAND segments. We have lowered our second half WFE spend forecast as a couple of customers appear to have delayed their investment plans slightly from the second half of 2012 into early 2013. We have projected NAND's WFE spend to decline by approximately $1 billion year-on-year and to date our figure is likely closer to $2 billion. While our 2012 forecast for NAND's demand drivers such as smartphones and tablet devices have remain healthy, the amount of NAND's capacity in place today we believe can meet the consensus big growth estimates of approximately 65% this year. The pricing environment can certainly influence investment decisions. NAND's pricing progressively worsened throughout the quarter, although we started to see pricing stabilize. The implications of that are not yet completely clear. To summarize, despite today's muted macroeconomic environments, our 2012 WFE spend forecast in the $30 billion range is close to historic peak levels. The outlook for sustains 28-nanometer Foundry investment looks good through 2013, the drivers for Lam's capacity additions look good in the long-term, but as stated, we're seeing some timing adjustments recently slowing investments. The DRAM and the microprocessor world both share PC as a primary underlying demand driver and we consider it more likely than not, there is positive unit momentum here in 2013. Taken together, we remain cautiously optimistic about IC unit demands next year, but acknowledge the uncertainty of our global economy and share the common interests to see these macro questions get answered in the coming months. Turning now to Lam's business performance. While relatively few new application decisions were made by our customers in the first half of this year, we made positive progress towards a number of targeted growth applications while successfully defending critical positions in etch, single-wafer clean and NAND deposition. To capture a few headlines. In PECVD, we gained a few critical back-end Logic applications by demonstrating minimal low key film damage combined with repeated [ph] Process results at high productivity. Combined with our strong position in conductor etch patenting steps, we are well-positioned for the Foundry transition to 20 nanometer. Our engagements with leading NAND manufacturers position us well for opportunities resulting from the 3D devices broadly. In dielectric etch, we gained momentum for high aspect ratio etches, considered one of the most challenging etch processes. We have demonstrated the ability to provide tight CD and profile performance without compromising productivity. As a result of these capabilities, we are able to strengthen our position in memory applications and are well-positioned for next generation DRAM decisions and 3D NAND applications. In deposition, the need to fill these very high aspect ratio features without voids has become increasingly critical to device performance. We believe we are well-positioned to extend our leadership in tungsten CVD with our differentiated extreme FEOL technology which delivers a seam-free FEOL using low resistivity tungsten. Similarly, in PECVD, our ability to deposit multiple layers of ultrasmooth film stacks as high productivity has resulted in multiple customer engagements for 3D NAND device developments. Finally, in single wafer clean, we continue our next-generation product development efforts which are well underway. These systems combined our different CD drying and chemical retain technologies with targeted newly developed technical and productivity capabilities that will position us to better compete across a more comprehensive set of single wafer clean applications. As stated before, given the current wafer fab environment, the mix and timing of customer equipment selections and spending, we expect shipped market share will be relatively be neutral for etch deposition and single wafer clean this year. The headlines I've just described reflect our continued focus on our longer-term growth objectives for gaining 3 to 5 percentage points in etch, 5 to 10 percentage points in single wafer clean, and now, 4 to 8 percentage points in deposition over the next 3 to 5 years. Overall, we're pleased to report again that reflecting back on the first half of the year, the Lam and Novellus continue to execute to each company's established business plans and records, also engaging fully in integration planning and activities associated with closing the transaction. We achieved our objective to transition on day 1 without disruptions to our customers, suppliers or employees, which we consider our highest priority. With the merger now complete, we are focused on competing as one company on its successful integration and executing the comprehensive plans targeted to achieve accelerated growth and profitability. Our priorities must always include building customer trust, partnership and collaboration without which, our plans are less probable and targeted results, we believe, less sustainable. We began implementing plans to realize cost synergies immediately, starting with areas where we had identified duplicative resources and services. Although not the primary definition of success for this transaction, we are already spending less money together than we would have done separately. We are on plan and are pleased with the pace of our progress thus far. In the coming quarters, we will share more specifics relative to our performance against target savings of $100 million on an annualized basis exiting 2013. Our cost reduction synergies are anticipated to deliver benefits each and every quarter this year and next. They are not linear in their impacts, however, and specifically in the middle of next calendar year, they include a step-function reduction of costs related to business process and systems streamlining. We are executing plans to integrate key business processes, management systems and infrastructure which we target to be largely completed within the next 12 months. Especially important is our focus on employees during a period of transition of this scale. Together, our focus has been rewarded by successes in our efforts to retain key employees as we move through the integration process. Lastly, subsequent to reaching the June 4, 2012, acquisition closing, we were finally able to begin our efforts in earnest to engage with customers on a broad set of opportunities uniquely created by this merging to accelerate their success and ours. As we spend more time meeting jointly with our customers, our confidence in achieving our growth objectives for the combined company has grown higher. We look forward to sharing further details on our plans to achieve substantive revenue synergies over the coming years during our upcoming analyst event which we've now scheduled for November 8. I'll now share with you our combined company non-GAAP guidance for the September quarter and provide some context that we consider important. Shipments of $950 million, plus or minus, $30 million, revenues of $900 million, plus or minus, $30 million, gross margin at 42.5% plus or minus 1%, operating profit at 10% plus or minus 1.5% and earnings per share of $0.40 plus or minus $0.07, based on a share count of 183 million shares. Worthy of note, the revenue recognition changes that Ernie discussed for Novellus products will also impact our financial statements in the September quarter. The September quarter guidance I just provided would be improved by the following amounts where it not for the revenue recognition changes. Approximately $100 million of revenue, approximately 1 percentage point of gross margin and approximately $0.25 of earnings per share. I would like to reemphasize Lam's commitment on a standalone basis to maintain quarterly operating expenses at or below the $200 million level through the remainder of calendar year 2012, and we would expect overall OpEx levels to remain fairly flat in the December quarter from the level implied by our September guidance today. In closing, I'd like to extend my sincere thanks to the leadership and broad employee population of the combined company who have worked tirelessly to support our stated goals and achievements and thank all of our stakeholders for their continued patience and support to our company through this period of significant transition. With that, Ernie and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, Martin, I was hoping to get an update from you now that you've had some time with the combined company and get a vision from you as to how you see the product portfolio here, whether there's anything that you feel like you need to add or given competitive positioning, you could exit and kind of get an idea of what you'll look like 12, 18 months from now?
Martin B. Anstice: That's a really simple question to ask and a really difficult one to answer. We clearly just began the process of assimilating the 2 companies and certainly, at this point in time, we remain absolutely committed to the full portfolio of products that are -- that define Lam Research and Novellus as 2 standalone companies. As you might expect, we have a clearly stated ambition to be #1 in the market share in all segments that we compete in. And it's true, in at least one Lam business and 1 or 2 deposition businesses from Novellus that we're not the #1 player. So we clearly, as a management team, have to work ahead of us to rationalize the path to being successful against the definition of success that I just described. So the message today to our customers and to our investment community is we're absolutely committed to the portfolio of products that are active in both companies and we've got some work ahead. I would expect potentially that we'll have some more helpful commentary in the November analyst meeting. But frankly, even in that timeline, that's a pretty small amount of time for what I consider to be fairly strategic decisions.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. As a quick follow-up, I guess kind of a 2 part question. In terms of your net cash roughly $2 billion, and so I'm curious, how should we think about share repurchase in the current quarter, particularly at current levels? And also, in terms of the guide at 183 million shares. What are you embedding there in terms of additional repurchase on top of the 2 million to 3 million shares associated with the June quarter program?
Ernest E. Maddock: This is Ernie. We would expect that our September quarter purchases will be more systematic as opposed to some of what we saw in the June quarter with respect to some more structured programs. And so, what was embedded is I would say, relatively more modest than what you saw us do in the June quarter, but nonetheless, will represent another significant step in the overall program. And we'd be currently tracking at these levels during the calendar year, spending somewhere north of 2/3 or so of the overall authorization with a little bit of wiggle room one either side.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I believe, Martin, you alluded to some progress in terms of Foundry at 20 nanometer in 2013, a very basic question, I was wondering for a fab of 45K wafer per month, what do you think the etch value is at a 20-nanometer Foundry versus at 28?
Martin B. Anstice: So I'm going kind of get you there in kind of building blocks as opposed to answer in one way. The assumption we're making for a 10,000 wafer starts capacity addition in Foundries at 20 nanometer is about $1 billion and we're estimating about $1.3 billion based on kind of public commentary from customers at the 20 nanometer load and maybe it's $1.3 billion, maybe it's a $1.4 billion. It's certainly, meaningly, meaningfully more expensive. And frankly, I would use the kind of traditional 13% of wafer fab estimate for etch as a vehicle for kind of backing into the etch specific answer to your question. There clearly is in the 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer Foundry transition some pretty meaningful process flow related changes for high key metal gates and also, in the area of multiple patenting that I think are net positive to the etch segments and we're positioned to exploit that opportunity when it presents itself.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then the follow-up is on NAND spending. It sounds like initially you had some expectation of order activity in the second half and that's been pushed into the first half. Is it reasonable to assume that those orders will come in the first quarter of '13 and is that what you're preparing for based on your schedule now?
Martin B. Anstice: A definition of reasonable in this industry is tough to get to. I mean, certainly early 2013 is the expectation. Frankly speaking, we have cycle times in the company that allow us to respond pretty quickly to changes from customers and I expect changes from customers as a natural course of business. So I mean, the reduction appears to be there less in terms of demand, more in terms of kind of cautiousness from a profitability level point of view and pricing from our customers. But I think we're still pretty positive around the long term on NAND as the segment of spending.
Operator: Our next question is from the line Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Martin, really just a quick math on the OpEx. I'm doing some marketing [ph] here, looks like your [indiscernible] OpEx guidance is about $292 million and I can get there by taking the June OpEx and adding it to Novellus' core OpEx from their last supported quarter in March, which I think is pretty good considering I guess perhaps Novellus was under investing. Going forward, you're talking about potentially, you're looking at cost synergies with the Novellus acquisition. I was just wondering how do you think about the OpEx progression beyond the September quarter, especially as it relates to how we should think about investment at Novellus?
Ernest E. Maddock: So Satya, this is Ernie. Martin commented in his remarks that we would expect fairly consistent OpEx for the December quarter and certainly, as we think about 2013, we're going to be doing that in the context of the environment that Martin described a little bit earlier, and so it's a little too early for us to give a perspective on 2013 at this point, but I think you can expect relatively consistent performance to that implied number for the balance of 2012 certainly.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, Satya, the only thing I would add is, and maybe this is for everybody's benefit, I think it's a little unfair to characterize that Novellus wasn't investing. I think we would all say that in terms relative to the investment profile of Novellus, we were certainly outpacing in terms of some of the engagements we've had with some customers in certain application areas. But the investment profile for the Novellus piece [ph] business has been meaningful, substantive, even -- I would say even including the 450-millimeter wafer size transition preparedness as well. So I think it's fine to consider in relative terms there being a slightly different reality, but it's not quite as binary as was implied by your question.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Thanks for the clarification. Just a quick couple of follow-ups on Foundry and NAND. I guess like, you seem to think there is a bit of runway on 28-nanometer and it seems like the major change in your CapEx outlook is really on the NAND flash side for the year -- from what you thought 3 months ago and now. Just was wondering if you could clarify, if you saw any changes in demand for Foundry shipments in the second half of the year versus your prior expectations, particularly in the September quarter. And for NAND, it's really a very simple question, what do you expect, based on what you're seeing right now for CapEx for NAND this year and your overall plan [ph] for CapEx next year, the bit supply growth would be for NAND in 2013.
Martin B. Anstice: So maybe I'll give you a little bit more data to kind of help you get frames thinking through answering that question. If you look at our guidance, so embedded in the $950 million of shipments guidance, obviously, the primary component of that relates to our systems and the foundry component approximately is in the high 40s, maybe 47% plus or minus a bit, and memory component is about 43% of the shipments guidance, again plus or minus points, and the logic represents the remaining 10%. And within that memory, 43%, the NAND shipments actually are a little stronger in absolute dollars than the DRAM shipments. So that's kind of the context I guess for answering this specific question. Certainly, we've messaged exactly as you hypothesized in your question. The primary change for us against our original assumptions is in NAND and not in Foundry. There's a little bit of movement, but it's not a material enough for me to kind of add to what we have previously stated. You are going to have to ask your question again on the NAND piece on the end. I missed it.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: What do you think in 2013 the supply growth for NAND?
Martin B. Anstice: We are assuming today less bit growth in 2013 than in '12 and I would say the 50% to 55% range is a reasonable stake in the ground at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Martin, I was wondering if you can provide some framework on how we should think about December quarter shipments in light of some of the comments you made about the NAND and DRAM customers. Should we expect at least the Foundry segment to be strong in the December quarter or should that also be relatively weak?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, we had said in our guidance last quarter and in our commentary around the business last quarter, albeit as a standalone company, but frankly, I think the message is the same as the combined company as it was standalone. We had anticipated that calendar 2012, from a shipments perspective, would be reasonably flat, plus or minus a little bit. And clearly, in light of messaging today, that's our wafer fabrication equipment spending outlook for the year. It's at the low end of the range, we would now slightly modify the first half, second half commentary and say that the first half, we believe, is slightly stronger than the second half and I would, of course, in percentages I would put the first half in the low 50s and the second half the high 40s. So that's how you should think about kind of first half and second half at this point of time and I would say that the ratio I just gave you, the low 50s and the high 40s, first half, second half, WFE, is accentuated a little in the foundries. For December, clearly, there's a lot of moving parts and it would be premature for us to be specific about guidance today. Directionally, I'm thinking that our shipments levels will be flat to slightly up over September, but there is a lot of time ahead of us for that to change. But that's the assumption set that we would have today.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And just a follow-up, in the largest segment, I know you guys have a lot of opportunity in your core etch business, have some of the decisions at 14-nanometer have already been made or do you think there's still an opportunity for you guys to gain some traction there?
Martin B. Anstice: I think a lot of decisions are made at this point and clearly, there are still some remaining probably I'm sure and we work hard each and every day as does our competition, I'm sure. And so -- I really have no additional comments from what we've said previously there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Martin, question is really on the microprocessor segment. It's going to be more important to you going forward, both the global foundries and of course through the Novellus acquisition with the exposure to Intel. And if you look at the inventory at the microprocessor companies, it's at the record level now. So the big CapEx in the last couple of years has created significant inventory on the part of the microprocessor companies. And so I wonder, relative to the commentary, if you're feeling good about wafer fab equipment being at near record levels again next year? If you perceive any risk in the microprocessor segment due to inventory or do you think the technology spending has to continue, no matter how much excess inventory those customers have?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think relative to this specific [ph] inventory, we're probably one of the least qualified companies to answer that question. Hopefully, our customers in that segment are more qualified. But we're not seeing a significant message there. I mean, the commentary around 2013 was more a statement that when you look at a GDP outlook and what would naturally transpire in terms of electronics growth, there is presumably, we hope, either not the same set of constraints imposed on the industry from a supply point of view like, for example, the hard disk drive constraints in the first part of this year in 2013 and clearly, with life cycle extensions in the PC and kind of a consumer environment that hopefully is somewhat similar next year. There are a number of PC messages that frankly can be quite positive, and the 22-nanometer production is kind of ramping and the 14-nanometer tool-buy [ph] starts by the end of the year, kind of ramping through next year and we see that typically as a transition that would drive WFE in the microprocessor space.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then I guess, for my follow up, I would just ask a slightly more directed question toward the Foundry. Your biggest Foundry customer commented about weakness in their Q4 and Q1 utilization rate. So does it -- do you share any concerns in that segment due to your biggest customer's comments there?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think consistent with our comments previously, our customers do a really good job and as time passes, an even better job managing the equipment purchasing decisions to minimize the risk that you've just described. And so there's clearly always a risk profile, but I think as well as there being commentary from a foundry, there's also commentary from the fabless companies and the fabless companies, the QUALCOMMs, the [indiscernible] of this world, for example, are commenting to no slowdown in 20-nanometer demands, 28-nanometer design wins continuing ramp occur [ph] the 28 nanometers expected demand has not slowed. So again, I guess it depends on your perspective. If you're all over the short term, it's probably a different kind of message, but in the long term, there's always this macroeconomic thing that everybody's going to hang their hat on because none of us know the answer to that question. But the basics and the fundamentals, I think, are actually quite favorable.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Blansett with JPMorgan.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Ernie, I wanted to get an idea of the linearity of the delayed Novellus revenue we should expect over the next few quarters.
Ernest E. Maddock: I would expect that most of the linearity issues that we highlighted today will be worked through by the time we provide our December quarter guidance, so we really had a June issue, we had a September issue, which we've quantified as we discussed. And based on our current view, by December, we will be back to a more normalized pace for the combined company.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then I also wanted just to get your thoughts on additional costs that may not be captured in a non-GAAP basis associated with the integration of the 2 companies. And what this might mean to your overall operating margins structure for the, say, the next 6 months?
Ernest E. Maddock: Clearly, the June quarter had embedded within it several things that I would consider more one-time than not, things like banker fees, as well as some specific stock compensation issues related to the acquisition itself. I think on a more ongoing basis, you are likely to see somewhere in the range of $5 million to $10 million a quarter for specific integration related costs perhaps for the next couple of quarters and then diminishing from that point forward.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: First, just a kind of forward question on the foundry side. Since you guys haven't changed your view there, have you seen any changes in terms of your customer and mix on the foundry side? In other words, have you seen more broadening to smaller foundry customer or is this still really concentrated?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, there aren't many foundries in the world, so it's hard to kind of like step away and start declaring broadening. There's a little bit of movement, but I wouldn't speak to a particular message with any conviction. So there's a few guys participating. You know who they are and they're all participating at some level.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then maybe a question on your product. I think on your [indiscernible] you talked about and you guys have recently talked about single wafer clean and you're developing this next generation product to kind of expand opportunity there. I was wondering, any concerns, it takes time to develop a product and sometimes product, product timing, this certain customer mill [ph] cycle. You might take a few years before you start to see kind of the growth there. Any kind of concern that the timing of the development maybe a little bit late for the current 20-nanometer cycle and that you might run the risk of maybe not gaining the share that you are targeting?
Martin B. Anstice: I think it's a very good question and clearly, we're paying a lot of attention to doing everything we can to synchronize timing of product releases to the decisions of our customers. We have a huge amount of energy invested in that particular issue. I would say, if there's ever a segment of our business of our company where the risk profile is lowest is being Clean and the reason and that's true is because Clean is a yield-enhancing investment by the customer. It's not a feature-creating investment for the customer. And so even in a scenario where you didn't synchronize necessarily a new product to a DTOR decision or a first phase PTOR decision, Clean is one of the segments where if you can demonstrate value to the customer in terms of yield solutions in excess of a previously selected equipment set, then you have a much better chance of establishing co-PTOR positions and ultimately displacing a competition in a buy. If there's ever a place in the business where you feel better around the risk you've just spoken to, Clean is definitely the second.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martin, in terms of the foundries and the transition from 28 to 20 nanometers, do you see this continued buildup that you mentioned about 28 potentially pushing out the adoption and I guess the ramp of 20 nanometers?
Martin B. Anstice: Really hard to tell. I mean, I don't think -- I mean, frankly, what's the biggest influence over that? The biggest influence is the design decisions of the customers, of the foundries. Everything that we've been able to kind of analyze would cause us to conclude what we're concluding relative to the 300,000 wafer starts message for 28-nanometer. I think at least one other equipment company has messaged something very similar recently. And I think the foundry public announcements have tended to talk about 28-nanometer spending in '13 and the 20-nanometer beginning to production ramp in '13, but primarily in '14. So it kind of hangs together as best we can tell. That all being said, clearly, every semiconductor company in the world is motivated to achieve lowest-cost unit output, and if a 20-nanometer solution achieves that, that may be their motivation. But again, I'd put that in context of the WFE message that I shared in an earlier question. The cost consequence of 10,000 wafer start addition of 20 nanometers is in the range of 30% to 40% more expensive than 28. So it's not an easy trade-off. I mean, it's definitely stressing what has been a fairly kind of simple set of decisions historically.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. Maybe moving to some of the announcements recently by your peers, as well as Intel, in terms of the 450 in EUV investments with ASML. How does that announcement potentially change your outlook for fourth [indiscernible] and the investments you need to make that program?
Martin B. Anstice: There is a joke that I could respond with, but I'm going to control myself.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Please tell the joke.
Martin B. Anstice: I would say the fundamentals of thinking through preparing our company to participate in 450 are exactly the same today as they were previously. I think high-volume manufacturing -- it still seems to be in the 2017, '18 timeframe. There are potentially -- is a higher probability today of a more broader equipment profile being available in a pilot line environment earlier, but frankly, that doesn't impact the plans of our company in a very meaningful way. We were invested in preparing to support customers in pilot line transitions that begin potentially with the G450 transition and then other pilot lines that have followed in the industry and that's our focus. So I don't know that it really changes anything fundamentally to the existing plans that are like what [ph] we have in our company.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A follow-up question on the September shipment guidance. Can you share any color on Lam's standalone or Novellus' standalone shipment guidance? Are both segments being kind of similar shipment declines in the near term?
Ernest E. Maddock: Stephen, this is Ernie. I would say that's a reasonable conclusion to draw. So perhaps the Novellus product's down margin-- well, actually, it's pretty equivalent, so it's -- I would say they're both impacted similarly.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up question, Ernie. Can you elaborate what you meant by a step-function decrease in OpEx in the middle of next year? is that related to possible product rationalization or is it something else?
Ernest E. Maddock: I think the comments were specifically related to the realization of our synergy targets. And I think as we have talked about now, we have a very large systems integration project that is currently scheduled to be concluded about the middle of 2013. And certainly, relative to realizing synergies in the IT world, synergies in certain support functions like finance, where having a common, general ledger, a common ERP system, makes things much more simple and as a result of that, enables us to drive a very significant step-function reduction relative to those synergy targets. So it is important to keep in mind that the statements relate to the achievement of that synergy run rate.
Martin B. Anstice: A nice simple example, going from 2 SAP systems to 1.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I don't know if this question's for Martin or Ernie. The $100 million synergy that you mentioned was between COGS and OpEx, what is the baseline COGS number and what is the baseline OpEx you're using?
Ernest E. Maddock: The targets, Krish, were prepared in the context of the information presented in the proxy. And so that would be a baseline, so it's 2013 view, which actually includes that 2013 view of wafer fab and associated revenues. I think I've mentioned before that there is a relatively modest OpEx increase for Lam forecasted in there, a bit more significant OpEx increase for Novellus. But I think it's important at this point to understand that those estimates are now many, many months old and what will become relevant which we'll be sharing here in the November timeframe will be our view for 2013. That's going to be derived in a timeframe that is much more relevant to the actuality of '13 than existed at the time we put the proxy together.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, all right. And then as a follow-up, when you look at your 450-millimeter investments coming down the road, what order of magnitude should we think about given that you have multiple product lines? And does it really make sense to migrate all your products to 450 or would you mind dropping some of the lower market share ones like the PVD at Novellus?
Martin B. Anstice: I am going to specifically decline to answer most of that question for reasons that I hope are obvious to everybody. A big part of value proposition is competitive differentiation, which if you tell everybody what you're doing, you kind of tend to lose. We are clearly encumbered as is every equipment company with a complex set of trade-offs. It is not obvious that walking away from 300-millimeter positions because you have imperfect market share is the right answer to questions. It is not obvious how any of us can kind of parallel process multiple nodes, 300-millimeter investments with 450 and one of the dynamics that exists for the entire industry in a 450-millimeter transition is different than 300 is we don't have everybody talking about it all at the same time. And so rather than just kind of shoot from the hip, which is what we would be doing, at this point in the process, we have an analyst meeting scheduled for November and we'll take an action to give as much color as we can on this particular point without compromising the competitive position of the company.
Shanye Hudson: And operator, we have time for 2 more quick questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: On your 2013 assumption for wafer fab equipment spending, is there a difference in the relative growth rate of the etch, 2012 to 2013 versus the products that you picked up from Novellus?
Martin B. Anstice: In terms of the market size, I would say no. I think the types of things that are positive to the etch business in terms of 3D transitions, materials transitions, high-k metal gate transitions and patenting are relevant in the Novellus products as much as they are in etch and Clean for Lam. The one thing that is slightly different is, in relative terms, the Lam position in the areas that are impacted is relatively stronger than the Novellus position. But obviously, that's something we're working hard to address.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. My follow up is, you talked a little bit about the market share not changing too much. What's your expectation for your ending market share for the wet clean.
Martin B. Anstice: Ending as they are higher [ph] or...
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Ending this year. Ending 2012.
Martin B. Anstice: I think we'll be -- we said we're in kind of in the mid-20s level, frankly, as an approximate area for market share and it's a pretty neutral year for us. I would expect to the question that was raised a little earlier, the market share momentum in the company against the 5 to 10 percentage points of share that we're targeting over 3 to 5 years to begin the kick in next year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I'm just -- I'm curious a little bit given the large increase in double patterning steps that we expect that 20 nanometer at the foundries [ph], why you're not more bullish on the opportunity for etched to maybe outperform or grow faster than fab equipment in general, can you explain that?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I -- as is always true, there's a lot of complexity to answering simple questions. And one of the things that we're very convicted on is that when you look at these transitions, the process time consequences to etch and clean and deposition are quite significant, right? And we've talked about in the 3D transition, generally a 5% to 15% process time increase and in the 28 to 20 foundry transition, we've talked about a meaningful 15% to 25% process time increase for the S [ph] segments. The challenge is, how are everybody else's process times changing and while we have a really good knowledge about our business, we don't really have good knowledge about everybody else's business, number one. Number two, the ultimate consequence of all of this is defined on an income statement and what shows up on an income statement isn't process time, what shows up on an income statement is the sum of the invoices that you get paid by customers for, and so relative pricing roadmaps of customers and how that ultimately plays out is important. And so very, very simple message. We are very convicted about delivering a message that there's some positives in segments that we will benefit from in these transitions. And it's our job to make sure that we position that value very well at the customer and then we get paid for it fairly and then just kind of what that turned out to be and how it plays out as a function about what we do, what our customers do and those of our peer group as well, complicated math.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good, very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up, clarification on the Novellus contribution that was not recognized in terms of revenue. Was that $37 million in fiscal Q4 that was not recognized?
Ernest E. Maddock: No, the $37 million actually represents the totality of revenue that Novellus have previously recorded. There are 2 impacts for the quarter. The first is the part of that revenue that would have been recognized, the second relates to the revenue recognition policy change and so I would estimate the totality of that for the quarter to be more in the range of $60 million to $65 million from a top line perspective.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then $100 million next quarter and then winding down by December?
Ernest E. Maddock: That's correct.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And did you say that there are associated costs with that, that you will break out for us each quarter?
Ernest E. Maddock: Well, we're certainly going to reconcile between GAAP and non-GAAP results, the differences in the inventory values. So that is what allowed us to make commentary that relative to the guidance that we provided earlier, were it not for this change, you'd have an improvement in margins by about a percentage point and the result in TPS [ph] impact from about a quarter.
Operator: And I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: Wonderful. I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. The audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And again, thank-you for your interest in Lam Research.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We'd like to thank for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-04-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations Ernest E. Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mark Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to that Lam Research Corporation March 2012 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Camille. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. With me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the March 2012 quarter. Martin will then share Lam's business outlook for the June 2012 quarter before opening up the call for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our expectations for the global macroeconomic environment of market size; wafer fab equipment spending; market share changes; consumer demand, customer spending and behavior and the factors that will influence those expectations, as well as our spending projections; our investment plans; our business strategies; our aspirations of the benefits of our planned merger with Novellus; our intentions for research and development activities; our contemplated tax rate and our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, operating profit, share repurchase activities, earnings per share and cash generation on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of those factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. [Operator Instructions]  With that, I'll turn the call over to you, Ernie.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Shanye, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. The March quarter represented a solid start to the calendar year as Lam shipments, revenue, gross margin, operating margin and EPS results met or exceeded the midpoint of our guidance ranges. Relative to these specifics, shipments for the quarter were approximately $713 million, up 27% from the December quarter and indicative of improving customer demand across all product lines and most notably, in the foundry space. The breakdown by application and market segment was as follows. Applications for the 4x technology node and below represented 91% of overall system shipments, and the memory segment accounted for 40% of all systems shipments, with NAND at 30% and DRAM at 10%. Foundry accounted for 53% of overall system shipments, while logic and other constituted the balance of 7%. March quarter revenues came in at the high end of our guidance range at $659 million, up 13% over the prior quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was at 40.9%, up sequentially from 40.1% and is consistent with our expectations of customer concentration and mix, offsetting improvements in factory utilization from the increased business levels. As planned, non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter increased to approximately $197 million versus $180 million in the December quarter. More than 70% of this incremental spend was focused on next-generation R&D and the customer-facing activity that surround and support it. The balance of the operating expense change was attributable to higher variable compensation expenses associated with higher profit levels, as well as expenses related to market appreciation of deferred compensation plan assets. Lam intends to mitigate overall exposure relative to market fluctuations impacting these plans, and this quarter is no exception. The increased operating expenses related to these plans were substantively offset by increased income in other income and expense. As we indicated on our last call, we remain committed to keeping Lam standalone operating expenses at or below $200 million per quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $73 million versus $54 million in the December quarter and resulted in a non-GAAP operating margin of 11.1%, slightly better than the midpoint of our guidance range. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the March quarter was 20.4% compared to 21.8% in the prior quarter. On a Lam standalone basis, we estimate the June quarter tax rate to be in the mid-teen, bringing our fiscal year non-GAAP tax rate to around 20%. This rate would be favorably impacted by approximately 2% should Congress extend the federal R&D tax credit prior to the end of our fiscal year. Based on a share count of approximately 121 million shares, March quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.50, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range for the quarter by $0.06. Our EPS results were impacted primarily by the favorable operating results. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $0.38. The GAAP results this quarter include both acquisition and integration costs associated with the Novellus transaction, as well as costs resulting from a customer bankruptcy filing. As has been our practice, the amortization of convertible note discounts are also included. A complete reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in today's press release. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash and investments, of $2.6 billion versus $2.4 billion last quarter. During the quarter, we settled a structured share repurchase agreement and received $79 million in cash, and we also delivered cash from operations of $146 million in the March quarter versus $169 million in the December quarter. DSO for the quarter were 65 days, down from 72 days in the prior quarter, and inventory turns of 4.2 represented an improvement from the prior quarter end performance of 3.7 turns. Our deferred revenue this quarter grew by $54 million, to end March at $246 million, excluding approximately $19 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters.  Noncash expenses include, among other items, $16 million per equity compensation and $23 million for depreciation and amortization. Capital expenditures were $28 million, and we exited the quarter with approximately 3,900 regular full-time employees. In closing and similar to the December quarter, our ability to buy back shares this quarter was very limited due to restrictions relating to the pending Novellus transaction. We've repurchased approximately 300,000 shares of our common stock for about $12.5 million and look forward to resuming more substantive share repurchases shortly after the May 10 Novellus shareholder vote. With that, I'll now turn it over to Martin for his perspective on the quarter.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you, Ernie. As we just articulated, Lam successfully delivered on its financial commitments for the March quarter. We achieved this performance while also executing key milestones towards our most important strategic objectives.  Specifically, this includes significant momentum on the integration planning with Novellus and progress demonstrating results from continued investments designed to extend our technical differentiation and advance longer-term growth.  The solid performance and execution, we believe, illustrate a high level of focus throughout the organization, and I would like to recognize and thank employees and the management teams of both companies for this extraordinary achievement and for laying the foundation for what we believe will be a very important year for the combined company. I will share more with you on each of these subjects shortly, but first, would like to refresh our views on the industry environments. Our view of wafer fabrication equipment spending has not materially changed since our last earnings call. We still expect spending within a range of $30 billion to $32 billion in 2012, and based on the plans our customers are communicating to us today, we would look for spending to be relatively balanced between the first and second half of the calendar year, with less customer concentration beyond the June quarter. Demand for leading-edge logic capacity continues to strengthen as IBM and fabless companies compete to supply power efficiency in the high performance devices for the mobile market. For the foundries, given the strong demand environments, we now project they will add between 85,000 and 90,000 new wafer starts per month of 32-, 28-nanometer capacity this year, which would translate into ending 2012 with capacity at this node of 220,000 to 240,000 wafer starts per month.  Using 65-nanometer as a baseline, foundries will have added between 250,000 and 300,000 wafer starts per month of capacity throughout the life cycle of that node. Associated with IBM's transitioning more of their leading-edge capacity to foundries since the 45-nanometer node and the broader demand profile for consumer devices, we would expect total lifetime capacity added for the 28-nanometer node will exceed the historical range. Turning to the DRAM segments. Our view of the demand drivers has not changed considerably. We still anticipate muted PC unit growth, reflecting the hard disk drive shortages, a cautious corporate refresh cycle and subdued content growth. Consistent with our prior commentary, DRAM, WFE spending will be comprised almost entirely from capacity conversions in 2012.  Considering this, we would expect that bit growth for 2012 is in the lower 30% range versus our prior view of the mid to upper 30% range. Needless to say, should PC volumes expand later in the year, supply shortages will likely lead to DRAM price increases and the manufacturers will typically begin adding new capacity at that time. This could occur towards the end of the year. For NAND, we continue to forecast bit growth in the range of 65% in 2012, with a higher proportion of capacity conversions versus new capacity additions relative to 2011. As a result, we are still projecting a modest decline in NAND's WFE spend year-over-year, which reflects our customers' plans to maintain a healthy balance of supply and demand.  Combined, this supports a relatively stable total WFE spending outlook. This is the result of several factors, including the broadening of semiconductor demand drivers, consolidation among the customer base, cycle time improvements from the equipment companies and the prudent management to spending plans by the customer to align with the demand outlook. As a result, cycles are potentially shaped less by industry-induced supply, demand imbalances and more by changes in the macroeconomic environment and consumer confidence.  At this point, the current economic outlook for 2013 suggests a more likely slightly positive macro environment relative to 2012, supporting the potential for stability and growth in our markets. Given that Lam's market share is relatively balanced across each of the market segments, with one exception, our continued execution would have us stand to benefit should the upside scenarios play out. Collectively, this is positive news. However, while the top-down view of WFE spending is characterized by relative stability there's quite a bit of change going on beneath the surface. For our customers, the mounting cost challenges we've described previously are driven in large parts by the levels of device complexity required to deliver lower power, longer battery life and increased functionality demanded by the consumer markets. For equipment suppliers, these trends present both opportunities and challenges, whereby success is predicated on the ability to partner with customers to quickly sell these increasingly complex technical and productivity challenges. Customer trust and partnership is ever more important. As we have talked about for most of the past year, now is a critical time for us to leverage our strength in developing solutions that address our customers' most critical technical challenges. We continue to see opportunities in each of our core product areas that should position us to execute against our 3- to 5-year market share objectives of a 3 to 5 percentage point gain in etch and 5 to 10 percentage points gain in single-wafer clean.  In etch, we have held the leading position in the conductor space for more than a decade and believe that we are well positioned for future opportunities with the expansion of patenting techniques and the transition to FinFET structures. In each of these areas, the ability to tightly control feature dimensions and depth uniformity across the wafer is crucial for device performance, and we believe Lam is currently the market leader for critical patterning, gates and isolation applications across both memory and foundry segments.  In dielectric etch, we are focused on strengthening our product and process capabilities to expand share over the next several years. Accordingly, in memory, we continue to focus on the next generation of high aspect ratio structures. We're leveraging our demonstrated strengths to position the company for growth opportunities as NAND's manufacturers plan to transition to the 3D structures. In Foundry/Logic, we are targeting growth in back-end-of-line interconnect applications by advancing our capabilities to deliver solutions for both performance and productivity. In single-wafer clean, our ability to tightly control the cleaning process has led to technical differentiation in a few key application areas. As a result, we currently hold leading positions in the areas of wafer backside and bevel cleaning and the back-end-of-line.  We are developing capabilities necessary to expand our share in the front-end-of-line by translating some of our process tuning capabilities in etch and applying them to clean processing. We're also focused on enhancing the productivity of our clean systems to more effectively compete for a broader range of applications and expect to deliver differentiated process results to support accelerated market share momentum moving through the sub-20-nanometer node.  Our product strategy remains focused on delivering best-of-breed technology and productivity solutions to our customers. This objective is core to our market share expansion strategy. As we pursue these opportunities, we have communicated to you our commitments to keeping quarterly operating expenses below $200 million for this calendar year. We are pleased to have delivered that in the March quarter and are reiterating that commitment relative to Lam's standalone business as we move forward. I'll share with you now our outlook for the June quarter: shipments of $725 million, plus or minus $25 million; revenues of $710 million, plus or minus $20 million; gross margin at 41.5%, plus or minus 1%; operating profit at 13.5%, plus or minus 1%; and earnings per share of $0.67, plus or minus $0.05. In anticipation of closing the transaction with Novellus, I would like to clearly state that the guidance I just provided represents projections for Lam as a standalone company. We expect to present our view for the combined company on our July conference call. Prior to opening this call for Q&A, I will provide a brief update on the status of the Novellus acquisition. As you may have read in our proxy statements, we have scheduled our Special Shareholder Meeting for May 10, and thus far, we have received regulatory approvals from all required countries with the exception of China. We continue to expect that the acquisition will close within the June quarter.  At this point, integration planning is well underway and is progressing as planned. We've established an integration team comprised with executives and senior level employees from both companies and supplement facts, where valuable, with experienced external resources. We have completed an assessment of each company's culture, organizational structures and business processes in detail and determined there are more similarities than differences. We have made and communicated decisions relative to these subjects through both companies already. We have defined a set of objectives around prioritized areas of focus to begin immediately on day 1 following transaction closure, and as we've discussed in the past, ensuring this transaction is seamless for our customers remains a critical priority.  We have validated our opportunity to achieve our target of $100 million in annualized costs synergies exiting 2013, which we plan to commence at some level immediately on closing and accelerate over the 6 quarter period. Through these activities, it is fair to say we are now more confident in the strategic rationale of this transaction and the value proposition we believe it brings our customers and shareholders. Given the expected timing for deal closure and our immediate focus on both integration and our customers, we have decided to hold our 2012 analyst event in the November time frame rather than during the SEMICON West conference this year. This move will give us the opportunity to present you a more comprehensive view of the combined company and our future growth plans. We are excited about the opportunities that this transaction presents for the combined company, and we look forward to keeping you updated over the second half of the calendar year on our progress. I would like to express once more my tremendous satisfaction for the company's accomplishments in the March quarter, a period which included a leadership transition, the start of significant integration planning for the single largest transaction in the company's history and an ever challenging industry environment. Our performance illustrates the strength of both our employee base and leadership team, which are obviously core to our success in the years to come. With that, Ernie and I will open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Martin, a couple of questions, firstly on what's happening in terms of the June quarter shipment outlook. It seems like related to your commentary a quarter ago, perhaps the June shipments are a little bit lower than I would've expected. Could you talk a little bit about the [indiscernible] you might have seen by the right segments in June, and specifically comment whether AFP demand is temporarily affected by potential bottlenecks in lithography [indiscernible] customers?
Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure I quite get the second part of your question, but certainly on the first part, as is always the case, the subtleties of the timing of requests by our customers, frankly, from one month to another and one week to another or one day to another is such that it's a little bit unhelpful sometimes trying to extract meaningful conclusions even from kind of quarterly progressions. And so I don't think there's a fundamental message for us to be communicating today relative to shipments momentum in the guidance that we've given for June. I do think that the shipments for Lam, certainly, as we're modeling that against the wafer fab outlook that we've communicated, we're expecting the shipments for Lam are approximately kind of equal first half and second half. And at a segment level, that would probably translate for us to have Foundry/Logic first half maybe in the mid-50s, a 55, 45 split approximately and memory maybe slightly in the opposite directions. So 47, 48 range for first half, 52 to 53 second half. So that's about the best that I can probably give you on the shipments at this time.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And a quick follow-up you said that you're 32-nanometer, 28-nanometer capacity addition forecast by foundries has increased to 85 to 90k relative to 3 months ago. What were you thinking that they would add 3 months ago? And what exactly do you mean by modest decline in NAND CapEx. Could you quantify that?
Martin B. Anstice: I think probably about 10,000 wafer starts is the estimate I give you an answer to the foundry outlook at this point compared to 3 months ago, and I missed the second part. Satya, sorry, what was that?
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you quantify what you mean by modest decline in NAND CapEx?
Martin B. Anstice: Sure. Why don't we pick up the next question, and I'll look up that exact number for you and then, include them in the answer to the next question.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Martin, Lam -- you guys in Lam have spoiled us over the years with tremendous incremental operating leverage. You've always had the best in the industry. And there is clearly operating leverage in the model, but not at the same rate that we've seen before. Is that strictly -- could we expect that kind of operating leverage, that same incremental drop-through to return as the customer base broadens out? Or are there other factors at work?
Martin B. Anstice: So the answer to Satya's question is down about $1 million, so year-over-year that's modest statement. Relative to leverage, Jim, I think that there's clearly 2 things going on today. There's the conversation about leverage, and then, there's the conversation about customer concentration. And we worked really hard to deliver the same variability and cost structure today that we did last year, 2 years ago, 5 years ago, 10 years ago. The outsourcing initiative is still alive and well in our company. And to illustrate that point, when I look at the shipments momentum in the company, March over December, we had a pretty sizable increase in the shipments percentage of the company, and yet the underlying gross spending in the company associated with factory and field increased only by a single-digit percentage. So there's a very healthy statement of leverage in the kind of transactional base cost structure of the company. What is challenging for us and perhaps even more challenging for us in the midst of our peer equipment companies because of our kind of relative lack of position in certain segments is customer concentration. And we certainly were sitting here 3 months ago speaking to you about the fact that customer concentration was extraordinarily high in the March quarter. The outlook at that time had us conclude that by the time we got to June that would be kind of much more normalized, then we'd expect some pickup. And as I think everybody on the call knows that since that time, the public announcements that have been made by customers have actually kind of stretched the concentration into the June quarter. And that's why the message is, today what it is, I feel pretty good about the margin uptick for the company. I think when you look at kind of the sequential performance, March to June, that we've guided, the absolute dollars of revenue, that pickup is reasonable. But the headline still for the first half is customer concentration is still meaningfully above the average of last year. And when we look at the full year, I don't know that I would conclude that actually the full calendar year gets close to kind of the participation levels, broadly, that we saw in 2011. Meaning, that in spite of the fact that things get better, I don't think they get back to the same level of participation that we saw in 2011. And maybe just to frame that, our assumption on wafer fabrication equipment spending, so I kind of talked about an outlook of the year of 30 to 32. We're assuming the top 3 guys are in the $18 billion to $20 billion range combined.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a question, Martin, on the shipments to memory customers in the second half, I think you said being about 55% of the total. Is that kind of based on what the NAND customers are communicating to you now? And do you think there could be upside to that based on perhaps Windows 8 and maybe ultrabook releases in the second half of the year? And then, I have a follow-up question.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, just to be sure that you interpreted the numbers I stated a little earlier correctly, and you might well have done so I apologize here. But I was saying when I gave you some numbers on first half, second half memory that we were thinking about the 47, 48 level for memory first half and second half, 52, 53 range. And clearly, the outlook for the company is based on the complete sets of investments, DRAM and NAND. When we look at the memory segments, clearly DRAM is all about conversion and upgrades, and there's very little incremental capacity this year. I think, certainly, as we look at plants today, 20,000 wafer starts of addition in DRAM would probably on the optimistic side in outlook. So clearly when it comes to capacity adds, we're making an assumption today of about 130,000 wafer starts of additions, decent amount of upgrades. And in terms of upside, I would say there are some obvious moving parts. One of them is ultrabooks. And there appears to be, as best as I can tell, some pretty helpful AFP trajectories that might be timed well to be a catalyst for ultrabook demand around kind of back-to-school season. So I think we're sitting on the 800, 900 range and may be heading down to 800, 700 as a healthy catalyst. So there's plenty of room, clearly, for ultra books for SSD broadly as a percentage of mobile devices to gain momentum. But the price point is maybe still not quite where it needs to be. So we're assuming you have to be in the kind of $100 range to be a catalyst against the hard disk in solid state drives, and we're probably at about 140 to 110 depending on whether you take a commercial view of configurations versus the consumer. I think there is some upside in DRAM, but it's kind of too early to tell, frankly. And for me, feels much more about exactly what plays out second half in the hard disk space, how that plays out and impacts content because it appears like as kind of densities in hard disks have kind of contracted to manage the supply issues that it had a content consequence on DRAM as well. And I think there's some -- perhaps it can only get better, maybe that's my summary there.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up question. Does the June shipment guidance include customer pushouts or yield issues at the 28-nanometer node? And is that something that gives you some visibility in the second half of the year once customers exceeds yield issues?
Martin B. Anstice: It's always a little hard to tell frankly, Stephen, because the customers are motivated not to make kind of yield-specific issues public as anybody. And so what we are communicating to you today is the full set of statements, the demand from customers for whatever purpose, either getting ahead of capacity needs or executing timely. I would say their motivations are today very much to add when they need it.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Martin, can you talk about your expectations for etch as a percentage of NAND WFE spending this year as you sort of think about some of the changing customer spending patterns? And also, how do you expect your performance to compare versus last year, especially now that customers -- larger customers is talking about spending less on equipment this year?
Martin B. Anstice: I think to the first part of that question, the message today is very similar to the message that we communicated in the last earnings call. We do expect this to be a better year sequentially than last year around the proportion of wafer fab that is assigned to etch. Last year was about a 12% year, and we're assuming about 13%. And that's the byproduct of a bunch of things that we've talked about previously. So that I think in relative terms is a positive for the company. To your other point, there are some customer mix dynamics that I think are kind of net positive for us this year. And I would say a point or so of momentum is certainly not unrealistic to assume, at this point, around shipments market share related to that. And I think, secondarily, there are some emerging trends and many unanswered questions around, for example, which presents, perhaps not in this calendar year but in future calendar year, some opportunities for us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, Martin. I'm curious on your thoughts on the breadth of foundry spending today and kind of what you expect into the second half of calendar '12. And I guess, the context of the question is QUALCOMM, post close tonight, talking about shortages that they expect through the third quarter of the calendar year at 28-nanometer, not due to yield but due to capacity shortage. So curious what kind of impact that kind of comment is having on the breadth and I guess your change in what shipments have looked like for foundry in the second half versus, I guess, 1 month, 2 months, 3 months ago.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think, if you're breadth question is a question related to participation in the community of guys that could be adding capacity, I think it's the very broad level of investment today. And as I said a few months ago, we're assuming kind of a 55%, 56% first half; a 45%, 44% second half in terms of spending. And it's always extremely difficult, quite frankly, to separate capacity needs from yield needs because they're kind of one and the same thing. But we are assuming for the calendar year about 125,000 wafer starts of new capacity coming in, and a big part of that obviously is 28. And we're assuming that there's pretty healthy level of conversion by customers maybe up to the 40,000 to 50,000 wafer start level. So that's kind of the outlook we have right now for foundry.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, very helpful. And as my follow up, you talked about the May 10 vote. And I guess, curious, how should we think about the timing of when you can get back into the market and repurchase -- start repurchasing shares. How does that fit in with the vote?
Ernest E. Maddock: C.J., this is Ernie. Provided nothing unusual happens subsequent to the voting, by unusual I mean that if we go into the vote without China approval and it isn't obtained between the vote and 2 days after the vote, we expect to be in the market on Monday, May 14, I believe it is. If something unusual happens, i.e., China approves after the vote, it would delay it by a day or 2. But we're talking a matter of days after the vote that we would be in the market.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Chris Blansett with JPMorgan.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Martin, I wanted to question you about the cost savings you see as you integrate the 2 companies. You had a lot of time now to really continue to work on the planning on that. What are your thoughts on confidence if the $100 million number's still valid or if there's actually more savings you're discovering?
Martin B. Anstice: My confidence is pretty solid, frankly. And I mean, that's a very strong statement in the context of the reality, and the reality is we're not one company and so we still have something to learn, despite the fact that we have integration teams working together. I mean, we're certainly working through -- substantially working through concepts into very specific strategies and very detailed plans. That process will conclude in the next month or so. And certainly the areas of cost reduction that we had identified and previously communicated still appear to be valid. And until we communicate something different, then the presumption is the $100 million that we have stated is the plan and the commitment and one of confidence by the company.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question I had is related to your commentary about a very balanced year. It seems like you may be a little more positive about the second half than maybe you were on the prior earnings call. I wanted to get your feel. Have you seen -- is your confidence on the balance of the year improved since that timeframe, just to kind of get a relative comparison?
Martin B. Anstice: I think in relative terms it's actually quite similar. And I don't think there's, in the full-year, a big story. But the big customer concentration story that we're communicating today is the fact that June didn't quite play out in the way that we anticipated 3 months ago due to the announcements that we're in the public domain. They kind of prolonged the concentration message. And I think for the calendar year, the outlook today is more or less the same in terms of mix of participating customers as it was 3 months ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first question is on longer-term discussions with your foundry customers. Specifically, how are your conversations with foundry customers around 20-nanometer evolving? And what's your expectation for the initial ramping of foundry 20-nanometer?
Martin B. Anstice: Relative to conversations, I'm not sure the conversations we're having are that much different than the conversations that you're probably having reading public announcements. I mean, I think certainly the big guys are communicating emerging demand for them to kind of begin to install that capacity and kind of tape outs are certainly kind of imminent. The equipment selection decisions are right on us. I mean, they're on us, some of them are behind us, and some of them are ahead of us. So there's clearly an expectation that there is some 20-nanometer qualification activities towards the back of the calendar year. And I would expect kind of production to occur in the '13 time frame. But if there is a statement of momentum, my instinct is it's a fairly positive one at this point.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. Then my follow-up question is around single-wafer clean. Single-wafer clean, in recent market share data from Gartner, was actually one of the fastest-growing areas of equipment. I wanted to understand what you feel like the dynamics are regarding competition in single-wafer clean and your margin of that business as well.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, this is one of the sad realities, is there's almost no segment -- or there is no segment in this industry which doesn't have a tough competitive dynamic, so we have tough competitive period. The rationale, obviously, for us having a plain clean is all about an adjacent strategy for the marketplace is considerably more fragmented than the etch marketplace. The competitive dynamic is tough. The growth, as you quite rightly pointed out in your question, is occurring at a pace that is faster than over all WFE growth. And that reflects to, a large extent, the transitions that have been occurring now for the last 2 or 3 years, particularly at the front end from batch- to single-wafer processing. That is a trend that is kind of reaching the end of its most obvious kind of transition. So I think maybe in the '13 or '14 timeline, we'll see a single-wafer clean segment that is much more in tune with the pace of growth as the rest of wafer fab. As I articulated in my prepared comments, I feel like we've got a very competitive product portfolio, and we have meaningful strength and presence in the backside bevel and back-end-of-line clean applications. The area of focus for us, which unfortunately coincides with significant amounts of this batch to single wafer transition, is we are addressing some gaps in terms of products capability that, I think, in the 20-nanometer or sub-20-nanometer nodes spending situations will give us a lot more upside. But front-end-of-line is clearly not the competitive strength for our company today that it needs to be, that this it isn't the competitive strength that our back-end-of-line segment in clean is.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So just to be clear in terms of your guidance between Foundry/Logic, DRAM and NAND, how do you see those customer -- how do you see, at least sequentially, directionally they're going change going forward?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, relative to our shipment guidance, we didn't actually kind of provide a segmentation per se. But slightly more than 50% of the shipments guidance was in the foundry space. NAND is approximately at the 25% level, and DRAM is approximately at the 20% level. So that's kind of the segment story as it's reflected in the guidance today. And I think you're generally aware of kind of the recent inflection points and progressions. And clearly, the foundry is positive. Clearly, we've articulated a little bit more a cautious outlook in terms of bit growth and DRAM today than we did 3 months ago. So those were kind of 2 things I would call out in terms of changes.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And now a follow-up question on gross margins. So you articulated that it's mostly due to this high-level customer concentration, if they continue into the June quarter. I was wondering is that a way for you to kind of think about -- as we get in the second half, the concentration would be updated, do you -- how do you kind of see your gross margin can trend assuming that you're likely running at the same amount of revenue and shipment level for the company?
Martin B. Anstice: I can see it trending up. Does that help you? There's -- clearly, I try to watch for questions like that. It's always a byproduct of specific mix in products and in customers and one of that's fraught with risk and complexity as I was speaking to. But the obvious headline, I hope, for everybody is the single biggest influence over today's margins relative to those of, let's say, last year at similar levels of output is the customer concentration. So if I were you attempting to model an answer to that question, I'd be looking at the recent past, comparing it today and extracting that. The recent past is not an unreasonable data point for the second half of the year. Now I don't think calendar '12 overcomes the customer concentration that exists in the first half. I think we'll still have customer concentration in calendar '12 that's greater than '11, and that shouldn't be as right to everybody. I think we all know what happened in that space in the industry, and it's the reality that every equipment company is now wrestling with.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martin, just going back to memory in the second half of the year. Are your thoughts still the same as it was last quarter where the tipping point is above the big growth assumptions that you have for DRAM in the 30% -- or the mid 30% range and for NAND at 65%? If it's above that, that's when they'll start looking at added capacity? Or do you need more significant differences between those bit growth rates for new capacity addition?
Martin B. Anstice: I think, it's -- I mean, I think technically it's the same answer that I gave last quarter, although the number is slightly different. I mean, we -- I think I answered very specifically the last time. I think anything above the 40% bit growth drives capacity. I think today I'd say anything above 35% drives capacity. One of the interesting dynamics that I think we're all sensitive to is although we're looking at this thing called DRAM and saying bit growth of the 30% to 35% range, if you kind of get underneath that in each of the segments, PC DRAM bit growth this year is probably only about 15%. And then, you look at service work stations, cellphones and set-top boxes, each one of those has a bit growth expansion of more than 60, and the DRAM bit growth in tablets is above 100%, at least in terms of the modeling that we have. And so it's not going to take that much but something kind of needs to give clearly, and there's a mix of consumer dynamics with ultrabooks and a broader kind of notebook conversation. There's tablets and the broader notebook, and there's a supply uncertainty that makes it difficult to predict. But I would certainly say we would expect, based on what we know, that capacity additions occur on bit growth above or about 35%.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And maybe moving on to EUV and the potential implications for Lam as a whole, have you seen any changes in terms of your customer base in terms of qualifying additional tool sets or their changes in recipes given the delays in EUV over, say, the last 3 to 6 months?
Martin B. Anstice: No. I think we have not seen material changes because, clearly, as we've spoken to, I think, now for most of the last year, the level of uncertainty that exists not just in the area of EUV and resulting kind of patterning scheme decisions, but materials planar to 3D structures, and if you want to throw in a wafer side, throw in that as well. There's clearly a ton of uncertainty in the customers parallel processing, a whole range of things, including trying to manage the risks. They don't understand everything they need to understand on the economics of EUV compare and contrast it to what's happening and making sure they're prepared to deliver what their customers are asking for on time. So that hasn't kind of fundamentally changed in the last few months, and frankly, I don't expect it to for the rest of this year. I think that reality of uncertainty will be with us right until the end.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Mark Heller with CLSA.
Mark Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just had a question on -- looks like, at least according to Gartner, that silicon etch share, there was some share loss of there in 2011. How much of that was due to customer mix? And how much of that can be reversed, do you think, in 2012? And will it be entirely due to mix? Or will it be through share gains there?
Martin B. Anstice: We're, obviously, as I think probably we've consistently messaged in the last 5 or maybe even 10 years, we're not a big fan of trying to explain someone else's presentation of market share data because there's so much complexity with the assumptions. But as it turns out, the kind of basic headline both in relative terms, not necessarily on an absolute basis, but it comes out of Dataquest this year, is not that different from our own. To answer your question very specifically, the majority of what shows up on that slide is a byproduct of customer mix. And as spending customer mix changes, then the effect is immediate.
Mark Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is -- what's your view of -- looking to 2012, but beyond just customer mix, do you expect any share gains beyond just mix effects?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean I have said in the prior call that we've had a great run over a 10-year period, frankly, of kind of picking up healthy chunks of market share. I think we're in a more modest year. And I still believe that the plans of record for the company targeting 3 to 5 percentage points of share gain in etch over 3 to 5 years is as valid today as it did the first time we talked about it. So we're very focused as the byproduct to the investments we're making in establishing competitive differentiation in technology turns and productivity turns. And I do expect that we will gain some share in the transition from end to end plus one.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Martin, not to harp on the customer concentration point, but just wondering if in the second half the memory guys do not come back to place orders, is it fair to assume that June customer concentration continues into the back half.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, if the customer mix in the back half of the year is the same as June, then probably yes is the answer to that. That's not what we expect. That's not what our customers are telling us. That's not what they're telling you, as best as I can tell in terms of the public announcements. But technically, if the mix in the second half of the year is the same as the mix that we see in June and the March quarter, then mathematically, it plays out in the same way. Now we're going to work our butt off dealing with cost structures, should that play out, to try and minimize the effects. But frankly, that's not what we're seeing today as an outlook.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then on the NAND side, it seems like eventually many of the NAND guys have started moving to the 3D structures. Have you guys quantified what is the incremental opportunity for you when you go into NAND for both the etch and the clean product?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, we have a view that etch and clean both stand to benefit from the transition, and that's a process time commentary, as well as a process steps commentary for 3D devices, and it's always incredibly difficult to try and speak to a consequence in terms of size of a marketplace. And the first thing that we can do, which is maybe the only thing I can speak to today, is to communicate how we believe the amount of process time will modify going from a plainar to 3D structure in NAND. And we believe that in etch and in single-wafer clean, process times could increase by 15% or so on the device integration schemes that we're working with customers on today. Now whether that translates itself into 15% increase in the TAM really is a byproduct of what happens to other segments and their process times. And it's a byproduct of the pricing on the systems that are sold to satisfy those capacity needs. But at a very basic process commentary, all things being equal, we think it's beneficial, and we think it's beneficial to the tune of about 15%.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffrey.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions, Martin and Ernie. First one, this morning, ASML was very cautious on NAND spending for the remainder of 2012. Clearly, the NAND makers have had a free bit pricing environment. What gives you the conviction that NAND makers would spend in the second half? And if so, are you seeing spending by all the 4 major NAND spenders? And I have a follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. It's a little difficult to kind of compare and contrast the commentary from one company or another because we know our own assumptions on spending. We don't necessarily know ASML's. We're confident about our own because we dialogue with customers. And the segment bit growth for cellphones is pretty solid. It's probably above 100%, and the tablet bit growth is probably about the 60% level. And you've got some nice momentum in solid state drives as well, with probably about slightly in excess of 100% bit growth in that area as well. So I think there's kind of meaningful catalysts on the demand side of the equation. And I think the technical answer to your question is everybody participating, is yes. And whether they are participating more or less than their perfect plans or their plans I think to be determined. There's a lot of unanswered questions ahead of us in terms of economics. But to your point, it's a pretty healthy pricing in the cost environment today, and people are making money and long may that continue.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: The second question is you talked about 13 application wins, I think, in your last quarter commentary. I just wanted to find out on the foundry side, how much of that would likely translate into some share -- meaningful share gains this year? Or is it likely going to be next year?
Martin B. Anstice: This year -- as I said a few moments ago, this year is a pretty kind of modest year for us in terms of share expansion. There's a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace and a lot of questions getting answered towards the back end of the year. Market share headline, for me, is very simple. We're still absolutely committed to the 3 to 5 objective for etch and the 5 to 10 objective for clean over the next 3 to 5 years. So the previously communicated objectives we still believe about it. And I think we get some modest traction on customer mix this year. But we're focused on getting differentiated more in the future than in the past and gaining share.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two questions. One on the 20-nanometer foundry applications. You commented that there's still some design wins to add. What area in terms of etch applications do you think you had the biggest opportunity in terms of incremental design wins?
Martin B. Anstice: I think by virtue of the market share strength of the company, the incremental opportunity is, no doubt, going to be in dielectric. So we're still focused on gaining share in conductor, and we're blessed at some level by the weighting of conductor against dielectric kind of biasing the natural strength of the company. But kind of back-end-of-line dielectric is clearly the focus area for the company instead of the market share expansion. And the reality is a meaningful proportion of 20-nanometer positions have been made at least in terms of their DTOR selections and how much of those selections are ultimately influenceable and the transition into a fab is anyone's guess at this point.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And my follow-up is we seem to be seeing some acceleration in the node of option for the foundries. And you had earlier commented on your run rate for your OpEx. Do you see any change beyond 2012 or fiscal '13, either way, in terms of your R&D to accommodate the fact that it looks like these foundries are more aggressive in transitioning technology nodes?
Ernest E. Maddock: It's way too early to tell.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But what's the non-GAAP R&D for this quarter?
Ernest E. Maddock: Non-GAAP R&D? I'll have to get back to you on that, Ben.
Operator: And our final question is from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just real quickly. You gave us a 3- to 5-year share gain view for etch market share. I'm just curious. In that same time frame, what do you view the single biggest driver of an increase in etch demand in terms of new process technologies, which is [indiscernible] or FinFET or double patterning?
Martin B. Anstice: The biggest? I mean, I think the 3D scheme that we touched on at least already in terms of the VNAND structure, obviously the FinFET, has a very similar profile, honestly, of kind of process expansion in the marketplace. I'd probably pick those 2. And I think patenting generally as an opportunity for the company, given the statements that the participate in. And a large part of that particularly in the QPT space is kind of still ahead of us. So there's almost kind of nothing of substance at least in the LELE scheme today in the marketplace, so I'd pick 3D transition, frankly, as the biggest catalyst.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. By 3D are you referring to 3D NAND -- vertical NAND structures? Or are you sort of bucketing...
Martin B. Anstice: I'm referring to that, yes, yes and the plainar to FinFET transition for logic.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. I'll remind you that an audio replay of our call today will be available on our website later this afternoon. And with that, I'll conclude the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation March 2012 Quarterly Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T Conferencing.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Martin B. Anstice - Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer Ernest E. Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Mark Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here with me today are Martin Anstice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss the financial results for the December 2011 quarter. Martin will then share Lam's business outlook for the March 2012 quarter before open the call up the call up for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our expectations for the further global macroeconomic environment; of market size; wafer fab equipment spending; market share changes; consumer demand; customer spending and behavior; and the factors that will influence those expectations, as well as our spending projections; our investment plans; our business strategies, our aspirations of the benefits of our planned merger with Novellus; our intentions for research and development activities; our contemplated tax rate and our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, operating profit, share repurchase activities, earnings per share and cash generation on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans.  There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them.  This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn the call over to Ernie.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thanks, Shayne, and thanks, everyone for joining us today. We ended the calendar year with a solid performance leading or exceeding the midpoint of our guidance ranges for the December quarter on all financial metrics.  In calendar year 2011, Lam delivered $2.8 billion of revenue, generated $696 million in cash from operations, representing 25% of revenues and returned approximately $233 million to our shareholders through stock repurchases. Moving now to the specifics for the quarter ended December 25, shipments were $563 million higher than the midpoint of our guidance range and down 3% from the September quarter. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows: Applications at 45-nanometer and below represented 90% of overall system shipments, and we further estimate that about 87% of our quarterly shipments were targeted for applications below the 4x technology node.  System shipments for the memory segment were 42% of the overall total and included NAND at 28% and DRAM at 14% of total system shipments. Foundry shipments were 46% of total system shipments, while logic and other constituted the balance at 12%.  I'd like to note, the beginning in the December quarter we made a change for our market segment reporting methodology for shipments. Previously our foundry numbers included only pure-play foundries. Starting with this quarter and going forward, we have modified the foundry category to include manufacturers that have a majority of their logic capacity available for the foundry business. These shipments were previously reported in the logic and other category. December quarter revenues were approximately $584 million, representing a sequential decrease of 14% and coming in better than the midpoint of our expected range. Non-GAAP gross margin was 40.1%, down from 41.7% in the September quarter and in line with the midpoint of our guidance.  In addition to product mix, our gross margin performance for the quarter was primarily affected by reduced factory and field utilization rates correlated to the lower revenue levels.  December quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were approximately $180 million, down about $2 million sequentially. Versus the September quarter, we had lower levels of variable compensation reflecting lower overall business levels.  As we highlighted last quarter, our exiting December month run was on an upper trajectory, which we expect to continue in a manner consistent with prior commentary relative to the need for increased levels of headquarters and customer-facing research and development.  Non-GAAP operating income was $54 million versus $101 million in the September quarter, and resulted in a non-GAAP operating margin of 9.2% above the high-end of our guidance range. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the December quarter was 21.8%, higher than we had anticipated due to geographic income mix. As we previously outlined, our tax rate is highly dependent on our U.S. versus non-U.S. income mix.  For fiscal tax share planning purposes, we make certain assumptions on geographic income mix and overall profitability levels, and actual results may vary from those assumptions. Going forward, we would expect an overall fiscal year 2012 non-GAAP tax rate in the high-teens to low-20% range. This fiscal year rate includes only a 2-quarter benefit from the R&D tax credit which expired December 2011.  Based on a share count of approximately 121 million shares, December quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.34 at the high-end of our guidance range for the quarter. The higher tax rate negatively affected our EPS by about $0.02 in the quarter as did the fact that we suspended share repurchases in conjunction with the contemplation of the Novellus transaction. Moving to the balance sheet, our cash and short-term investments including restricted cash and investments totaled $2.4 billion versus $2.2 billion last quarter. In the December quarter, we generated $169 million in cash from operations, up $82 million sequentially. DSO for the quarter were 72 days, up from 70 days in the September quarter, primarily reflecting collection timing differences due to the year-end cutoff.  Inventory turns were 3.7, down from the September quarter-end performance of 4.0, largely due to declines in September quarter output levels. We exited the December quarter with deferred revenues of $192 million, up from $181 million in the September quarter and as usual, this excludes shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in the future quarters. In December, the revenue value for these shipments totaled approximately $16 million.  Non-cash expenses include, among other items, $18 million for equity compensation and $22 million for depreciation and amortization. Capital expenditures were $27 million, and we exited the quarter with approximately 3,850 regular full-time employees.  As a reminder, in December, we announced our new share repurchase authorization of $1.6 billion, which replaced our prior authorization and which is expected to be completed within one year of the closing of our merger with Novellus.  During the December quarter, due to deal-related restrictions, our trading activity was very limited. We repurchased approximately $10.6 million of our common stock at an average price of $39 per share, and in addition, we settled a $100 million structured repurchase program and received 2.6 million shares. This structured repurchase program was previously discussed on our September quarter conference call.  Due to the Novellus transaction, we will have only a short open trading window within the March quarter and we intend to execute repurchases during that open window.  I'll now turn it over to Martin for his comments.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you, Ernie. Before getting started, I would like to acknowledge that this is my first earnings call following the transition of CEO duties at the end of 2011. Although I've spoken with many of you in the past and most recently subsequent to the Novellus acquisition announcement, it is a pleasure to reengage with the investment community and together with the rest of the Lam team, I look forward to working with you prospectively.  The wafer fab equipment industry has never been known for its predictability, and 2011 was no exception. The macroeconomic environments remain volatile, highlighted by the European debt crisis, slowing growth in Asia and of course, sluggish performance here in the U.S. In addition, catastrophes in Japan and Thailand created significant disruptions in the consumer electronics and PC supply chains. Combined, this environment caused our customers to be incrementally more cautious despite relatively robust demand for smartphones, tablets and other devices in the year.  For the equipment market, spending for the second half of 2011 was lower than the first half by a double-digit percentage, and was focused almost entirely on leading edge migrations, which include 32-, 28-nanometer expansion for the foundries, 3x and 2x conversation for DRAM and 2x and 2y node capacity additions for NAND. We believe that wafer fabrication equipment spending for the year was a healthy $31 billion to $32 billion, up about 9% from 2010.  As previously communicated for Lam specifically, the combination of customer mix and spending patterns resulted in Lam's served markets declining on a year-over-year basis. Notably microprocessor investments represented nearly 20% of overall spend in 2011 compared with approximately 11% in 2010. Additionally, the profile of equipment purchases for leading edge foundry and logic capacity resulted in expending towards the low-end of its historical range at roughly 12% to 12.5% of the overall wafer fabrication spending, compared with a high 13% range in 2010.  With this context, we believe our shipped market share performance for 2011 to be in the upper 40s percentage range for etch and the lower 20s percentage range for single-wafer clean, the headline being a relatively neutral year for the company on this metric.  On application share basis, which is indicative of forward-looking market share momentum, we anticipate positive gains in etch through N plus 1 with 13 new application wins in 2011 primarily in critical front-end-of-line memory and foundry, more successes than not defending positions and the benefit of a transition to conductor etch associated with various patterning and metal hard mask processing schemes. This performance extends to 11 years, our track record as the global market share leader in etch.  In single-wafer clean, we believe we gained 10 new applications and successfully defended our existing positions. Both the new and defended applications are in areas where we currently hold strong positions and have demonstrated differentiated results. These include back-end-of-line applications and those targeted for the backside of the wafer.  We also continue to gain traction in the area of high aspect ratio cleans, where our drying technology has a demonstrated advantage.  As we talked about in recent quarters, this is a time of significant critical technology and productivity challenges for our customers, and Lam remains strongly committed to making the necessary R&D investments to address those needs. We believe that this commitment will be recognized with the opportunity to gain share on an ongoing basis and continue to target a 3- to 5-percentage share gain in etch and 5- to 10-percentage share again in single-wafer clean over the next 3 to 5 years.  Specific 2012 focus areas for the company include the expansion of double patterning steps of the 14-nanometer logic node, quadruple patterning for 2y DRAM devices, 14-nanometer FinFET architectures and 3D NAND structures. We are heavily engaged with key customers in each of these areas, some of which could begin production as early as 2013.  In etch, our ability to tightly control critical dimensions positions us well for these applications. While in single-wafer clean, we continue to leverage our technology differentiation while driving activities to enhance our product capabilities to address a broader range of front-end-of-line applications.  All said, our strategy has been and remains focused on developing products and services that strengthen our competitive offerings in established markets and on expanding our business through adjacent market growth both organically, through increased collaboration and through acquisitive measures where appropriate.  While we are limited by what we can share with you today, our recently announced transaction with Novellus is a clear example of executing that strategy. Their position as a market leader in thin-film deposition and wafer surface preparation technologies complements Lam's core competencies and market leadership. It directly supports our stated adjacent growth market growth strategy.  With Novellus, we are not only adding critical process steps that are directly adjacent to our etch and clean solutions, we are also creating a combined company that is well-situated to accelerate and optimize collective developments of next-generation 300-millimeter and when appropriate, 450-millimeter products and services.  We plan to share further information regarding our integration plans and expectations for the combined company's performance following the release of our proxy statement in the coming weeks.  I'd like to now take a look at our early views on 2012. We believe that the macroeconomic environments will be the single largest influence on 2012 WFE spending variability. Consensus anticipates a slowing of GDP growth globally with risk in the Eurozone and Asia particularly, China and the potential for slight improvements in the U.S.  Consumer electronics' demand remains healthy and semi revenue should grow as a result, albeit at a modest pace. We anticipate the PC unit growth will be in the low single-digits as the industry recovers from the impact of hard disk drive shortages.  The emergence of the ultrabook, a generally accepted highlight from CES recently, should lend support to electronics' demand, but we don't expect penetration rates to grow marketably until more competitive price points are reached later in the year. In addition, we expect both tablet and smartphone unit growth of approximately 40% to play a big role sporting customer investments.  Given this demand profile and following recent capital spending announcements from a few key device manufacturers, we now forecast 2012 WFE spend levels to be in the range of $30 billion, flat to slightly down from 2011. This is an improvement in our outlook.  As generally acknowledged, DRAM customers are focusing on conversion of existing capacity to the 3x node and below to address their profitability objectives, although it's important to note the contract pricing has stabilized in recent weeks. Overall, we anticipate a continued environment of limited new capacity adds with bit growth in the range of 35% to 40% resulting in flat WFE spending year-over-year in this segment.  For NAND, contents-rich products such as smartphones and tablets are showing strong demand driving another year of relatively healthy NAND spend with bid growth assumed in the 65% range. A faster ramp for ultrabooks represents an upside for those figures as does a broader and faster SSD adoption, which we're assuming to have approximately a 10% penetration in the mobile PC market currently.  In the foundry space, we see continued capacity adds at the leading-edge technology nodes, driven by wireless customer demand that appears sustainable. As implied by earlier comments, we are cautiously more optimistic in our 2012 outlook than we were 3 months ago, the big uncertainty being the macro environment. We believe our performance will be consistent with our previously published financial models and commentary by the company today and since SEMICON West 2011. Specifically, we plan to continue making the strategic investments necessary to successfully position the company for sustainable growth, but are planning to do so with a quarterly spend profile of no more than $200 million operating expenses this year based on our current understanding of opportunities and customer demand.  As Ernie pointed out, our near-term tax rate has increased by approximately 20% being negatively impacted by geographic revenue mix and timing uncertainty relative to the extension of the R&D tax credit, which expired at the end of calendar our 2011.  From a market share perspective, this is an important year for the company with meaningful selections anticipated by customers around the many significant transitions and technology inflection points.  Aside from investing for the long-term growth with a focus on strengthening positions in dielectric etch and front-end-of-line single-wafer clean, we are targeting successful defenses across our product lines and new applications market share penetrations for the 20-nanometer logic, 2x DRAM and 2y 1x NAND nodes. Considering the timing of implementing key customer selections in 2012 and the customer spending profile and 2012 similar to 2011, from a shipments market share perspective, we would expect modest progress to our previously stated 3- to 5-year growth objectives. In summary, 2012 is a critical year for Lam to continue executing against the company's long-term adjacent market growth strategy. In addition to closing the Novellus transaction and executing on our integration plans to deliver targeted results, I previously outlined a number of important milestones in our strategic customer programs that we will be focused on as they develop the architectures, processes and devices necessary to meet the cost and performance demands. We believe that we are well positioned for these opportunities building a stronger model of collaboration with customers, and that will be a large area of focus for us this year. Turning now to our outlook for the March 2012 quarter, our guidance is: Shipments of $700 million, plus or minus $25 million; revenues of $640 million, plus or minus $20 million; gross margin at 41%, plus or minus 1%; Operating profit at 10.5%, plus or minus 1% and earnings per share of $0.44, plus or minus $0.05.  With that, Ernie and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes the line of Satya Kumar with Crdit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, first off, Martin, could you talk a little bit about the percentage in terms of gross margin drivers as you look into the March shipments, pretty big uptick in terms of shipments. Obviously, the incremental gross margins appear to be going to the 15%, so anything you could talk about that?
Martin B. Anstice: Sure. Yes, I think one of the things that's really important to make a statement on and my sense is this a generally accepted and understood factor is the level of concentration in spending particularly in the March quarter is very high on 1 or 2 significant customers. And that concentration is a very big part of why the gross margin guidance is what it is. I do expect if the mix of customers is more balanced than through the rest of the year, and that's currently what we are modeling that the gross margin percentage that shows up in the March guidance would trend upwards, independent of their being more absolute dollars of revenue. But a big part of the guidance we gave on profitability specifically at the margin level is associated with concentration on 1 or 2 key customers. I didn't get the second part of your second, Satya.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: No, that was the first question. I guess the second was could you talk a little bit about how the shipment pipeline might look like as you look into the June quarter?
Martin B. Anstice: I'm obviously limited in terms of the visibility that we always have prospectively. But I think it's fair to say that the shipments' guidance of the company, which is a reasonably reliable leading indicator of kind of outlook is stronger than the revenue guidance for the quarter. And so certainly as we see it today, we would expect continued strengthening. But as we all know, customers can change their plans pretty quickly. But that's we are -- what we're seeing today. In terms of the kind of segmentation, there's a fairly strong segmentation to kind of the foundry community -- the new definition that Ernie reported and disclosed a little earlier. So about 50% of the shipments in the March quarter is directed to that segment.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Mark Heller from CLSA.
Mark Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I guess, Martin, you gave a wafer fab equipment forecast of about $30 billion for 2012. I'm just wondering how you think that shapes up sort of first half versus second half. Would you expect -- I know, I mean, what type of visibility, I guess, would you have for the second half of this year? And do you expect the first half maybe to be stronger than the second half?
Martin B. Anstice: We're certainly in terms of kind of a planning processes in the company. We're certainly anticipating a slightly stronger first half and second. But frankly, the level of visibility we have in the second half, and I think the level of uncertainty and the kind of general macroeconomic climate is such that it's the point of data or the point in time, but lots may change. But at least for now, slightly stronger in the first half is the assumption we're making for planning purposes.
Mark Heller - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, I got it. Can I also ask, as -- when we look at sort of etch logic versus -- and foundry versus memory, how is etch dollar content different for Lam versus the 2 different categories?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think from a market share perspective generally in the company, we communicated now for the last several years that we have very good market share across the spenders in the industry and there's one exception to that and the one exception is a big microprocessor company. And so the share of the company and the size of the SAM [ph] with that exception, are kind of reasonably balanced for us. Obviously, the absolute dollars of spending for 10,000 wafer starts in memory comparing to the for foundry or logic is quite different. But putting that aside, the basic opportunity for the company to participate in a dollar of spending with the one exception I referred to is pretty balanced.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess to follow on to the prior question on gross margins. I'm curious how we should think about that as the breadth of customer spending expands and we moved to the $650 million, $750 million range. What kind of gross margin can we assume in that type of environment?
Ernest E. Maddock: C.J., this is Ernie. I think as you see revenues expand into the $750 million range, I'd refer you back to sort of the model results that would put us in a pretty consistent pace with a $3 billion revenue run rate for the year, so you're going to see sort of mid-40s performance at that level.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then I guess to follow on to your comments in terms of your market share goals and the work that you're doing in terms of R&D. I was hoping you could expand a bit on the comments around 14-nanometer double patterning and FinFET? And how we should think about, I guess, the timing there and the magnitude of what that could mean for you guys?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. Obviously, all those are very significant inflection points for the industry. Practically, the first kind of catalyst for any significant spending in our population in the logic arena is the FinFET transition that the big microprocessor company has communicated. They're intending of the 22-nanometer technology node, and that means more for the industry, and fortunately, it does for Lam Research in terms of near-term outlook. But we are making a very concentrated and focused investment in positioning the products of the company at those inflection points. And I think there's some critical decisions that will be made in calendar 2012. But to a very large extent, the revenue opportunities will extend into the '13 or '14 kind of calendar year. So this is really a time to position, and we'll see the revenues when the investment profile occurs, obviously.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Martin, you talked about the etch market and how you guys are positioned and what translates -- when you translate into a lower share in 2011. I was wondering if you can go for that same mix size on wet clean, given that you have gained share. Did you actually grow your record revenue in 2011? And in terms of market exposure, did that hurt you guys?
Martin B. Anstice: We -- I'm going to declined to specifically answer your question about kind of revenues with the product line level because we don't have segment disclosure. But the critical message for us in single-wafer clean is we had good success -- actually very good success without exception defending the positions that we were focused on, and to a very large extent, the penetrations we were pursuing, we were successful in. The big opportunity prospectively that is something we're very focused on is strengthening the competitive offering of the company to address the front-end-of-line opportunities. And that's something that is embedded in the spending communication that we have made for the last several quarters. It's a big focus for the company, and that will be pretty influential in terms of the market share story going forward. My opinion is that I think we're very focused on investments in building that capability and we'll see a fairly kind of mutual 12 months in terms of impact on shipments market share in clean business. And then if we've done the right thing at the right time with customers, we'll be making progress in the following years.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great, very helpful. And then just quickly, there's some chatter about customer -- that DRAM customer that you're consolidating. How do you kind of see that impacting the industry and your business?
Martin B. Anstice: Consolidation obviously, has kind of a couple of consequences to it. One of them is that to the extent, profitability in the semiconductor industry requires it, it's a positive for the equipment industry because it serves no purpose to have semiconductor companies in a state of kind of profitless prosperity, so to speak. And so there's a positive associated with consolidation from that regard. On the other side of that coin, scale in any relationship between a supplier and a customer is always a challenging reality. I would say relative to the specific chatter that you're describing, my opinion is that's a positive for the industry because maybe a bit it creates a competitive dynamic in the semi space that allows the next leg of investment more proactively.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Weston Twigg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you could give us a little bit better of an idea of how your customers are responding to the Novellus acquisition? And then maybe just moving a step beyond that whether it's related or not, I don't know. But your collaborative relationship with customers and how it relates to some of the technology focus areas you mentioned in 2012?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. So relative to the Novellus acquisition, we've -- I think in the last call, I -- we were communicating that obviously that was the beginning of a process to dialogue with customers in any substance and we spend a lot of time with customers since that time. And I would say the feedback is very positive. We're getting a very good participation by key customers. We're encouraging them actively to communicate their expectations of the combined company. We're encouraging them to participate in sharing their thoughts and ideas in terms of organization and/or collaboration models. We're encouraging them to articulate their view of strengths and weaknesses of both companies. And I'm very optimistic that as a result of that we will continue to build upon the customer trust momentum that we've established as independent companies over many years. So the basic headline in terms of customer reaction to the announced acquisition is positive. To the second part of your question, which is more directed to the model of collaboration, the most fundamental example of that really speaks to the level of engagement that we have, as an equipment company, with our customers in their R&D environment. And in the last year particularly, our engagements, our collaboration with key customer R&D environments, 2 generations and beyond today's production node is dramatically increased, and that's necessary for a couple of reasons. Their challenges and issues are increasing and the need for a collaboration model is in their interest as much as it is ours. And it's part of obviously, the strategy we have to continue to grow the company and at least as importantly to create the type of dynamics around protecting what we gain going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martin, maybe first, can you give a little bit of color of what you perceived, etch, as a percentage of total wafer spending in calendar 2012? Obviously '11 was more tilted toward lithography and process control. How do you see etch as a percentage this year?
Martin B. Anstice: We are modeling -- we have 2011 in the 12% to 12.5% range, and we're assuming in the kind of high 13 range for calendar '12.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And is it fair to say that, that's more of the customer mix changing also?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. It's a combination of both the customer and the trade that you set up in your question relative to the lithography investment.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And my follow-up question in terms of 3D devices particularly for the memory guys, how do you see that progressing in your discussions with customers? And do you see the dollar content for etch potentially increasing as the industry -- specifically the memory industry moving to that type of process technology?
Martin B. Anstice: I think there's lots of unanswered questions clearly. I think the one generally accepted example where the 3D structure maybe creates some of relief in terms of lithography investment, which conversely creates a relative expansion of etch share along with other segments, although wafer fab is in NAND flash, where there's a generation or 2 of relaxing of litho rules with the current roadmap in terms of 3D NAND. But to my knowledge, that's the only kind of material rebalancing of spending that exists as a result of the 3D architecture ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Wonder if, Martin, you could elaborate a little more on your first half outlook in NAND flash. As you called out shipments in NAND decline more than overall than WFE in the second half of last year. So I was just wondering if you're preparing Lam for -- to a NAND CapEx recovery soon or there's higher NAND flash CapEx more of a second half event in your opinion?
Martin B. Anstice: I think in terms of this first half/second half play, we're -- we've obviously -- we're seeing a significant commitment in the NAND flash area to capacity adds, which is a very different story. The DRAM -- DRAM is not quite exclusively, but almost about upgrade and not capacity addition. Certainly, the visibility we have today would suggest that actually, the flash environment is kind of fairly first half concentrate, actually reasonably balanced. And that's true also in DRAM. I think the upside for the second half of the year is all about consumer confidence. It's all about SSD roadmap. It's all about what happens in ultrabooks. And if the hard disk drive kind of shortages get resolved sooner, then there's potential to see some PC growth above and beyond the assumptions that everybody is meeting today. And I think in the context of comments that Dell made, where they, I think, expressed the fact that only about 40% or so of corporate upgrades, the kind of Windows 7, were accomplished to date, they would appear to be a fairly positive opportunity should that issue get illuminated. So at least for now, we're assuming reasonably equivalent first half/second half for both segments. I think the second half for DRAM is probably a little stronger than first.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Chris Blansett with JPMorgan.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Martin, I wanted to ask a quick question. Your shipment guidance is up quite a bit obviously more than your revenue guidance for the current quarter. Some thoughts there, are your shipping some new products that need to be signed off, new customers, how should we think about that delta?
Martin B. Anstice: That's a really good question, and it's one that I asked couple of hours ago. And the answer to the question is actually if you look at the units of shipments that are leaving the factory, there's quite good linearity. The number of systems that actually leaving in January and February and March are quite flat. But the dollars associated with those things are quite different. And so it really is not a commentary about the time it takes to get acceptance on shipments. It's more just a byproduct of the specific timing of the shipments and the specific value of those shipments. So kind of certainly no fundamental message relative to what's going on in the company.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then last question, the second one is tied to. You gave a lot of puts and takes in your prepared commentary about the outlook. Can you kind -- you were obviously cautious in that. But we are seeing a pretty good acceleration of demand here. So how do we contrast what you're seeing in your guidance and kind of your more cautious commentary?
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think the cautious commentary is intended to reinforce what I think is a very important headline. The macroeconomic environment is very unstable, I mean, we're seeing kind of news every day, the latest being kind of IMF announcements about kind of Eurozone concerns. We saw kind of a positive momentum in terms of employment levels in the U.S. But best I can tell, we're still at 10.5% or more in the Eurozone and there's lots of unanswered questions. So if that doesn't play out and there's a more positive profile of consumer confidence, then the upside is clearly there and we're certainly managing the company to prepare for either one of those environment.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Martin, you made a comment in response to the question about margins about one of the big customers getting some pricing, I guess in exchange for the big orders. Can you talk a little bit more about that and then maybe that in relation to the idea of a lot of people talking about increasing capital intensity and the business you guys have kind of given us your metrics on that. How much does pricing concessions potentially offset that? And the reason I'm asking is because it looks like semi revenues are going to be up a fair amount this year and wafer fab equipment spending is going to be flat or down. So I just wonder how we can think about capital intensity being up when the most obvious metric of capital intensity would be down?
Martin B. Anstice: That's a very big question. So, to the first part of your question, I didn't actually say we gave pricing for an order. And in fact, one of the reasons we don't give guidance on orders today is because we want to take off the table that dynamic because it serves the shareholder and the customer and the company kind of no value. So our objective is to take orders off the market as soon as they are there. The dynamic that I attempt to communicate is that when a big customer participates very significantly in a proportion of the business of the company as is particularly true in the March quarter this year. This level of concentration is the highest in the last 4 quarters, and we don't see such equivalent concentration in the 4 quarters of calendar '12 today. The specific yields that surround that volume and those configurations in this case happened to drive profitability level in the way it does. I think your question relative to efficiency -- capital efficiency is a legitimate one. I don't think there's any particularly new message in calendar '12 over '11. And we are assuming right now that semi revenue is the kind of $310 million to $315 million range. And we're assuming as I said already, the spending level in terms of wafer fab, flat to slightly down. I think the one really big headline that we've communicated some time and I think it's feature significantly going forward is the cost associated with scale and particularly, in the foundry space and some part of that is associated with scaling in and of itself. Some part of that is associated with the various patterning schemes, but obviously are a component of answering one of the earlier questions today around the balance outstanding etch in wafer fab.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. If I'm allowed to ask a quick follow-up. When I think about the breath of spending this year, we know Samsung is obviously up a tremendous amount. Is there anybody -- I certainly wouldn't ask the customer, but do you expect any other customers to be up year-over-year in wafer fab equipment spending other than the biggest customer?
Martin B. Anstice: I think it's frankly a little too early to answer that question at this time. Frankly, as we all know there are a few very big customers that have a very dominant influence over spending, and they have much interest in not answering the question that you're asking as we do, so it is what it is in the month of January.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: You commented that the $30 billion that you expect this year is better than what you're thinking was earlier. Can you provide what number you were thinking about earlier, and also which sectors are better or which ones are worse?
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. We had -- it's the one I said better than previously in our last earnings call. And this was a very preliminary view of 2012 by the time we indicated an expectation of down 5% to down 20% year-over-year, which was at the time in line with the consensus. And so what's changed this since then, I think the most fundamental change has been the demand curve that we're seeing at the 28-nanometer node for the foundry and the positive that you have all been witness to in terms of communications on some MPU spending. And memory specifically, NAND flash has kind of held up nicely with some positive demand curves for NAND-rich content.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up is on the DRAM spending, you gave an outlook for 35% bit growth. DRAM spending would be essentially flat. What would the number -- what kind of DRAM growth would you have to see in order for DRAM spending to start to increase?
Martin B. Anstice: One of the parts to answer that question obviously is at what nodes does the demand occur. And one of the dynamics that existed in calendar '11 continues actually in an increased state in 2012. So our current assumption is that a bit growth of around the 35% to 40% range drives a very small addition of capacity where we can all assume no more than about 20,000 wafer starts and drives a conversion of about 550,000 wafer starts. And that conversion is necessary to a large extent to support the profitability needs of that community of customers. And so I think the headline you should extract is that if there is a bit growth that exceeds 40%, it has a good shot of being a catalyst for addition of capacity because the assumption today is almost none.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen, Citigroup.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I think in the earlier comments, you alluded to gaining some market share growth at 14-nanometer and at the 2x node. I was wondering whether you see better opportunities for share gain in etch or in clean at 14 and 20.
Martin B. Anstice: So I may have inadvertently confused on an earlier comment. A lot of the 14-nanometer decisions are ahead of us. They have not been made yet, and there's quite a few significant unanswered questions around architecture in our customer base to be made before the selections occur. Relative to the second half, where do I see the opportunity? Clearly in the context of the more kind of longer-term growth plans that we have communicated. And I kind of reinforced those again today, we are speaking to a target of between 3 and 5 percentage points of share gain in etch and 5 to 10 percentage points of share gain single-wafer clean over 3- to 5-year period. Obviously, in order to kind of put that into context of what that means for earnings, you should obviously reflect the fact that the size of the etch market is meaningfully bigger than clean when you're calculating the dollar opportunity.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then as my follow-up if I can do some top line to their bottom line or their below the line expenses. It seems like an OpEx, when you look at the information you communicated with investors in July, it seems like OpEx has not gone the way perhaps the way you expected in July. Can you comment a little bit about how you might improve this communication on OpEx going forward? And in addition, why your confidence that OpEx -- I think your guiding OpEx to full $195 million. Why are your confident that, that realistic ceiling for us to approach here against that are fall through as we see a -- [indiscernible]? [Technical Difficulty]
Martin B. Anstice: Okay. Your line was breaking up. I heard the word OpEx and I heard some part of the question, so you're going to have to re-ask if I didn't get it all. So I heard a question about confidence, and I would say the confidence level, given that we're ultimately in control of it is pretty high. So as Ernie and I communicated earlier today, we have just guided operating expense level consistent with we messaged a couple of months ago. And we are in a position today where we believe the expansion can be contained to the $200 million level for the rest of the calendar year based on what we know today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah, Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to follow-up on the gross margin question. I guess if you look at the -- some of the announcements so far in CapEx and everyone is sort of talking about the assumption CapEx being up more than 30%. Do you think that customer concentration, this year, would be much higher than, say 2011. So I guess my question is does this customer problem -- customer concentration problem just a one-quarter phenomenon or do you think that this going to be multiple quarters? And I have a follow-up.
Ernest E. Maddock: So Vish, this is Ernie. I think as we indicated in our prepared comments, it is a March quarter circumstance. We would not expect to see this persist in subsequent quarters. So it's a one-quarter phenomenon, as best we know at the present.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then just another follow-up, you mentioned foundries of 50% of your March quarter shipments. Is that just the logic to foundry conversion or is it all foundry?
Martin B. Anstice: It's an accumulation of investments, which trends to the 28-nanometer technology node of that community of customers. And again, I want to make the point that I may already and Ernie made it at the beginning, that definition now includes beyond pure-play foundry. So to the extent, there's a logic guy out there that makes available a significant proportion of its capacity for foundry, it's included in that percentage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Shankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Martin, if you look at the etch market last year, the split between dielectric and conductor etch is roughly 50-50. But it seems like conductor, as a percentage of the values [ph] continued growing relative to dielectric. And in terms of your prepared comments of the 3% to 5% etch share gain, what is the implicit growth for the conductor etch market with this actual share gain or just basing on income, when sort of getting your 3% to 5% share?
Martin B. Anstice: You've asked a very precise question. and I'm not going to give you a very precise answer. In mean, everything is kind of in the mix. There is no question that the transition that you just described and the transition from a dielectric bias weighting to a more balanced or even conductor-heavy at certain point in time, is a benefit to us and that's part of -- that's incorporated in the decisions we make in terms of where we're focused, where we're investing, where we're pursuing penetrations, et cetera. But clearly, we are aggressively pursuing conductor and dielectric market share gain, displacing competition where we believe we can do that. And in addition to the extent, there are new applications and new process flows herein, making sure that we are the guy that's positioned to get that business. So both real displacements and market share gain, effectively defending the positions and the successes of the company in the past, along with taking advantage of this benefit that happens to play with the strength of the company historically, is all a part of that 3% to 5% target that I described.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And if I could just ask a follow-up. On the single-wafer clean side, it looks like some of your competitors have been coming out of this super-high throughput system for single-wafer clean. Arguably, most of them are in the front-end-of-line. But nonetheless, are you worried that the clean market will actually remain ecstatic or even shrink, given that the throughput they're getting like really, really high?
Martin B. Anstice: No. I think it's a good question. It's certainly not something that we are particularly concerned about today. And I made that statement in the context of kind of 2 things. One of them being the point you just made, as systems become higher throughput systems, the challenge for any equipment company is to preserve the value of that offering and ultimately get paid for it. I think the other side of that coin, which is particularly important answering the question in clean is, if you go chat with any semiconductor company in the world, they will, with rare exceptions, talk about the emerging criticality, the increasing criticality of clean as a process step. And so productivity is part of for value proposition, but the technology enabling around, for example, things like high-aspect ratio drying is a big part of what ultimately the customer frames with their equipment selection, but ultimately a big part of positioning by our company for value.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I have 2 follow-ups. Martin, given the new classification of shipment and revenue mix, to what extent do you expect the dollars of shipment opportunity were to exceed the prior peak of, I believe, September of 2010, you had $234 million from Korea. And I'm asking -- let me rephrase the question. To what extent do you think the revenues from Korea are going to exceed $234 million, given the reclassification of your customers?
Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure I understand that question. Can you...
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes, sure. You're reclassifying the foundry mix to include non-pure play. And to that extent, I'm just trying to better understand dollars of opportunity out of Korea since there is a non-pure foundry player there?
Ernest E. Maddock: Mehdi, right. We're sort of crossing a segment with a region, and obviously, if we are precise in answering that question we're revealing something that is not appropriate for us to reveal. So we need a -- I think that history will tell going forward what the improvement in the foundry segment is. And we'll have to wait and let that play out over the course of the year because we're not going to reveal customer specific information.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure. And then in terms of, sticking with the revenue mix and given the Novellus acquisition, to what extent are you planning to provide revenue mix by different product groups?
Ernest E. Maddock: Mehdi, we're in the process of reviewing that as we think about the acquisition. We wouldn't expect that Lam's revenue segmentation will change as a result of that. And we're currently in the process of reviewing sort of the practices of Novellus. And as things become further along in the integration and the work, we'll make the determination.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure, fair. But would -- don't you think it would be prudent given how there's a different growth opportunities between clean and etch, it would help us better with estimating opportunities by having a better understanding of the mix?
Ernest E. Maddock: But we do actually share with you what the overall market size is for clean and for etch. And we share with you market share and those 2 things together can really essentially provide the information that you're seeking. So I don't know that there's any need to segment differently than we do right now. But we are looking at that. We continue to look at it, and if we feel it's important to change then we'll provide better information than we currently provide, then we'll certainly make that change.
Operator: I'd like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. As a reminder, the audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And with that, that concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation December Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using ACP Conferencing.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Martin B. Anstice - President and Chief Operating Officer Stephen G. Newberry - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ernest E. Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Wenge Yang - Oppenheimer James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation September 2011 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Alicia. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's Quarterly Conference Call. With me today are Steve Newberry, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board; Martin Anstice, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the September 2011 quarter. Steve will then share Lam's business outlook for the December 2011 quarter before opening up the call for Q&A.  The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over the wire services shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our expectations of market size; GDP; consumer demand; consumer spending and behavior and the factors that influence those expectations, as well as our investment plans; our intentions for research and development activities; our contemplated tax rates and our forecast of market share; shipments; revenues; expenses; margins; operating profits; collections; share repurchase activities; earnings per share and cash generation, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of those factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. [Operator Instructions]  With that, I'll turn the call over to you, Ernie.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Shanye. Good afternoon. I'll comment on our September quarter results, which reflect performance within our guidance ranges for all financial measures. For the quarter, shipments were $580 million, down 27% from the prior quarter and in line with the midpoint of our guidance. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows: applications at 65-nanometer and below represented 95% of overall system shipments, while 90% of overall system shipments were for applications at 45-nanometer and below. System shipments for NAND were 40% of overall system shipments, followed by DRAM at 13% and other memory at 5%, making the total memory segment 58% of the overall system shipments. Foundry shipments represented 24% of overall system shipments, and the remaining 18% were for logic and other.  Revenues for the September quarter were approximately $680 million, down 10% sequentially and above our guidance midpoint with good performance across both systems and service products. Gross margin was 41.7% versus our guidance midpoint of 42%, attributable to product mix and lower factory utilization associated with business volumes. Gross margin for the June quarter was 45%.  Total non-GAAP operating expenses were $183 million, up $3 million from the June quarter as we continue making the R&D investments that we've discussed over the past few quarters. We believe that these investments are critical in ensuring that we remain well positioned, and we will sustain and increase these investments, as appropriate, to ensure that we're able to provide best-in-breed technology solutions to our customers over the upcoming technology inflections.  Non-GAAP operating income was $101 million, which resulted in a non-GAAP operating margin of 14.9% near the high end of our guidance range. During the September quarter, our non-GAAP tax rate was 19.6%, which is higher than the mid-teen rate we anticipated. The change in tax rate is driven by the current business outlook, and we currently expect the tax rate in the higher teens as we look to the December quarter.  Based on a share count of approximately 124 million shares, non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.63, in line with the midpoint of our guidance range. Our EPS was favorably impacted by our operating results and a reduced share count resulting from our share repurchase activity, and this favorability was offset by the higher tax rate. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $0.58.  Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the September quarter with cash and short-term investments including restricted cash of $2.2 billion. Days outstanding for the quarter was 70 days, down one day from the June quarter and inventory turns were 4.0, down from 4.2 in the June quarter. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter decreased from the June quarter to $180 million and excludes $43 million of shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Equity compensation expense was $18 million, while depreciation and amortization was $21 million, and capital expenditures were $16 million. We ended the quarter with about 3,750 regular full-time employees.  Our cash flows from operations were $87 million in the September quarter, representing 13% of total revenues, down from 26% of total revenues in the June quarter. The differences are driven by lower business volumes and timing differences related to collection activities of certain customers, which we expect to be resolved in the December quarter.  Finally, during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $37.57 per share for a total of $74.3 million. As of the end of the September quarter, we had approximately $675 million remaining on the total authorization.  Subsequent to the quarter end, we have repurchased approximately $2.6 million additional shares under one of the company's structured repurchase programs. Adjusted for this subsequent purchase, approximately $575 million of the authorization remains for the company's ongoing repurchase program.  With that, I'll turn it over to Steve for his comments.
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you, Ernie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  Since our June quarter call, macroeconomic uncertainty has continued, including concerns over European debt issues and ongoing struggles in the U.S., with high unemployment and a growing budget deficit. These and other factors have contributed to analysts now projecting 2011 global GDP in the range of 3%, down from 3.5% earlier this year.  The impact of this reduced GDP growth outlook on the electronics industry is evidenced by weaker consumer demand across a range of products, including digital TVs, game consoles and in developed countries, consumer PCs. The impact of this economic uncertainty has caused corporations to manage capital budgets more closely, resulting in some slowing of the pace of growth for the PC refresh cycle, while the server market continues to maintain positive growth.  These dynamics are largely U.S. and European oriented, and are offset by a continued healthy demand for tablets and smartphones in strong emerging market PC demand. This overall demand environment creates reduced expectations for electronics growth this year and current forecast project 2011 IC unit growth in the low-single digit range with semi-revenue expected to be in the $300 billion range or essentially flat to slightly up versus 2010.  Looking to the IC segments, tablet and smartphone market demand has supported a relatively strong demand environment for NAND. Our projections for 2011 NAND wafer fab equipment spend remains essentially unchanged with a fair amount of spending driven by new capacity additions.  While our customers remain optimistic about the long-term growth prospects for NAND demand, the pace of the capacity ramp has started to slow as customers absorb the sizable amount of equipment already delivered and adopt to more cautious short-term outlook. Based on our current view, we expect some shipments originally planned for the December quarter to extend out into 2012.  In the DRAM segment, bit growth forecast have declined throughout the year, are now in the mid-40% range, down from 50% to 55% forecasted earlier in the year. This decline is largely a function of slowing growth for corporate and retail desktop, and to a lesser extent, consumer notebook PCs in the developed world. DRAM suppliers are responding by either converting their existing capacity to technology nodes at or below the 4x level or they are simply electing to take all their capacity offline. Accounting for all the capacity additions, conversions and retirements, we project existing 2011 DRAM capacity, as measured in wafer output, to be roughly the same as that exiting in 2010.  Based on current projections for DRAM pricing, the transition to the 3x technology node will be key to maintaining or achieving profitability for DRAM manufacturers, and leading DRAM suppliers will start to move to the 2x technology node as fast as they can do it.  As we discussed on our June quarter call, leading edge Foundry/Logic manufacturers have significantly slowed the pace of most of their capacity investments for the 4x nanometer node and above. However, investments with a 32- and 28-nanometer nodes have clearly begun, which reflects our customers' confidence in their future demand for capacity needs at this node. Given these market dynamics, we are now forecasting 2011 wafer fab equipment spending of approximately $31 billion plus or minus perhaps $1 billion. With first half spending closer to a $35 billion or $36 billion run rate, the second half run rate for 2011 to somewhere around the $25 billion to $26 billion run rate or down about 27% to 28% half over half.  Looking out into 2012, industry views for wafer fab equipment spend are within the range of down 5% to down as much as 20%, while the macro environment will ultimately shape semiconductor demand and equipment spending. This range seems to be a reasonable estimate at this point in time. As we have talked about during the course of this year, we believe that this is a critical time relative to making investments that ensure Lam Research is well positioned for the future. While very mindful of the current and potential future environment, we remain committed to making the strategic investments necessary to support our longer-term growth objectives. Examples of these investments include: joint development programs with leading NAND suppliers to support the development of 3D device structures; heavy engagement with Foundry/Logic manufacturers including systems, which are already installed for 20-nanometer and early 14-nanometer development; working closely with memory manufacturers as they explore next-generation devices that address demands for increased memory density and performance; the development areas range from 3D architectures to new non-volatile technologies such as MRAM; and we are starting our investment in 400-millimeter new product development for both etch and clean. In each of these areas, customers are exploring multiple designs and materials as potential solution pass to overcome the significant technical hurdles required to bring these products to production. These technology inflections represent opportunities for Lam to again deliver technically differentiated, high productivity solutions and grow our market share.  We are continuing to partner with our customers and are making the necessary R&D investments to ensure that we are part of their ultimate solutions. With the economic, industry and company factors I have talked about in my -- our December quarter guidance is as follows: shipments of $550 million, plus or minus $25 million; revenues of $570 million, plus or minus $20 million; gross margin at 40%, plus or minus 1%; operating profit at 7.5%, plus or minus 1%; and earnings per share of $0.30, plus or minus $0.05, which is based on a share count of approximately 120 million shares.  Finally, I'd like to say a few words about the announcement we made in early September that Martin Anstice, our President and COO will be taking over as CEO of Lam Research effective January 1, 2012. This company, and I think by extension, our employees, our customers and also our shareholders, have benefited from ongoing, strong, stable leadership and board guidance. This succession, in my view, continues that tradition.  For over a decade, Martin and I have worked closely together in role -- in his role as CFO and more recently, as President and Chief Operating Officer. These experiences have prepared him well to take over the CEO role. He's played a formative role in the design and implementation of the business model that over the years has propelled Lam Research to a position of financial, operational and market share leadership in the wafer fab equipment industry. I have great confidence that under Martin's leadership, we will continue to execute through our long-term growth strategies and successfully deliver the results needed and expected by our customers and shareholders.  Given that this is my last earnings call, I'd like to take a moment to express my sincere appreciation to our customers and suppliers. It's been an honor and privilege to have worked with all of you for over 31 years in our industry. Most importantly, I want to thank the employees of Lam Research who, for my 14 plus years here, have been amazing in their support, commitment and efforts in making Lam Research one of the premier companies in the semiconductor equipment industry. They are consistently recognized by our customers as the best in the industry, and I couldn't agree more.  I would also like to thank and recognize the investment community for their continued support for Lam Research and for myself, personally. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to work with you over the years, and I look forward to working with you in a slightly different way when I move into my new role as Vice Chairman, January 1, 2012.  With these comments, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Steve, it's also been a privilege to have worked with you over these years. So best of luck in your new role going forward. And Martin, also, good luck on a going forward basis.
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First question, in terms of the outlook for the December quarter shipments, can you give a little bit of color in terms of the application breakdown between memory, foundry and logic and where you see strength, not only from December, but maybe on a going forward basis into the March quarter?
Stephen G. Newberry: Yes, I think, certainly from the standpoint of any given quarter, we shouldn't really constitute it as a trend. But specifically for us in the December quarter, we're going to see a greater set of shipments to foundry and logic, probably around 60% of our shipments. As we go forward, I think we'll see memory really being closer to 50%. I think that, that's pretty much how we see in a $28 billion to $32 billion kind of rolling 4 quarter spending environment. It really is going to average out to about 50% memory and 50% logic. For Lam, based on our market share positions in etch, as well as a slightly different profile for market share in clean, which is more -- slightly more logic-weighted than etch's.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. And maybe a bigger-picture question for you, Steve. In terms of the EUV delays that they're experiencing in the industry right now, can you just give a little more, I guess, color in terms of the opportunities for Lam again over the next couple of years as EUV is delayed, how it affects both etch and clean?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, I think, certainly, as it relates to etch, we'll see an extension of more application steps at double patterning. And also we see a lot of customers who are working to implement quadruple patterning, all of which will clearly provide for an expansion of etch market size and opportunity for Lam Research. Quantifying that exactly is something that we're working on as we go through our annual planning process, and it's something that we could probably articulate more next quarter when we talk a little bit about what we want to do in 2012. As it relates to clean, certainly, as you have each application, there is a requirement for a post-etch clean. And so there will be some additional expansion of the clean market. But the longer-term trends for single-wafer wet clean has been to consistently grow as a percentage of the total clean market and as a percentage for wafer fab equipment. And I think that the push out at EUV will help contribute to that to some degree.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, let me add my congratulations. You've been absolutely unbelievable to work with in driving the company. So congratulations on a terrific job and good luck in the new role.
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I feel like I shouldn't even ask a question after that, but I'll go -- I'll give it a shot. The -- it seems like we're heading into a period here where we're going to focus much more on technology buying than capacity buying. So I guess the first question is, some of the biggest customers in the industry like Intel, which I understand you don't have exposure to, talk a lot about how much equipment they reuse from one node to the next. And I was wondering if you could give us your perspective on the rest of the industry's reuse and especially as it relates to etch equipment? And then the second question would just be understanding it's going to be technology buys for a while here because your customers are struggling and utilizations are already not that high. What segments do think are most likely next in the pipeline for capacity buying?
Stephen G. Newberry: Okay. Primarily, most of the technology conversion activity has been in DRAM, and a significant amount in NAND. I want to comment about those 2 segments first, and then we'll talk about conversions in foundry and logic which exist to a much lesser extent. So our perspective for 2011 was that with 75% bit growth in NAND that there was probably around 550,000 wafer starts per month of conversions and about 200,000 wafer starts of new capacity adds. And that's important because for new capacity adds, there's about $235 million spent for every 10,000 new wafer starts. For a conversion, they only spend somewhere around $52 million, so your capital intensity is far less. And so we believe that if you kind of average the 550,000 conversions of the 200,000 new that capital intensity for 750,000 conversions in new was about $100 million for each 10,000 wafer starts per month. And that's one of the reasons why you see capital intensity for NAND being low or relatively low. If you go to DRAM, you have a situation where we ended up in a situation where bit growth was lower at 44%, and we only had about 60,000 of new wafer starts added and a little over 400,000 of conversions. So DRAM is more expensive. It's probably about $300 million for 10,000 new wafer starts and $68 million for conversions. So we think when you take that mix, it was approximately about $100 million for 10,000 wafer starts, very similar to NAND except, of course, NAND converted, it added a lot more total wafer starts, which resulted in a lot more money spent for NAND. When you go into 2012, just very quickly, we think DRAM is going to add maybe 40,000, maybe 50,000. It depends on bit growth. Forecast per bit growth range 40% to as low as -- I've seen numbers as low as 27, 28. I think there will be more conversions in DRAM because if DRAM manufacturers don't get down to the 3x node as quickly as possible in 2012, it's highly unlikely they're going to be able to be profitable given the pricing per gigabit in DRAM. And so I think the potential for somewhat modest increase in wafer fab equipment spending in 2012 for DRAM exist, I don't think it will be more than maybe 10%. In NAND, for 2012, bit growth somewhere around 65% to 70% will result in probably a total of a similar amount of wafer start conversion at 500,000 to 550,000. But probably somewhere around 125,000 to 150,000 of new wafer capacity added. And so when you take that situation, it's very well likely that NAND spending may be flat to even down 10%. I'll just comment very quickly on foundry. Conversions in foundry are relatively minimal. There has been some as a function of low capacity utilization at 65. And so we did see this year a small amount of conversions probably somewhere around 20,000 wafer starts, maybe 30,000 for foundry and logic combined. When I look at where the spending is going to be next year, there is going to be probably a need for 70,000 wafers starts per month of new capacity at the 28-, 32-nanometer node. And that's going to mean $1 billion for every 10,000 wafer starts. So there is about $7 billion there. Probably somewhere around 35,000 to 40,0000 wafer starts in foundry and logic that's still going to go into 40,000 to 45,000. But that will be at a much lower spending level, probably more like $700 million per 10,000 wafer starts. And then from a conversion standpoint, I do think that we'll see some continued conversion where possible at 65-nanometer where, potentially, we could see 50,000 to 65,000 wafer starts converted, which will keep some of the pressure down on the capital intensity. But the reality is that I think foundry spending is likely to be very similar in 2012 to what we saw in 2011. Potentially, slightly up if we do see that the consumer demand for leading-edge, high-density smartphones, if we see that tablet demand really stronger than maybe some of the forecast are showing, foundry and logic are going to have to respond at the 28-, 32-nanometer node. And that will certainly drive a strong amount of wafer fab equipment spending.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Steve, also my congratulations on your successful tenure.
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Thanks for sharing your views on 2012. I was also hoping that you could share your early thoughts on WFE trends in the first half of 2012 for the industry? It does look like second half WFE was down a little bit more than you originally thought. Just curious how Lam is preparing to manage the first half of 2012? And then my follow-up question is, on the December shipment guidance, did you mention the pushouts were mostly at the NAND flash customers? And when do you think those NAND flash pushouts might be rescheduled for?
Stephen G. Newberry: I'll talk a little bit about the question relative to December and then have Martin address what the plans are and the thinking as relative to first half of 2012. Interestingly, when we sat here 3 months ago, when we looked at the December quarter, my comment was that we expected the December quarter shipments to be higher than September. That was true all the way till the middle of September when we saw some significant pushouts in the memory space, which was both NAND and DRAM. It was stronger pushouts in NAND, but it was also present in DRAM, and then it was offset a little bit by some pull ins in the logic/foundry space. And so -- and that of course, is that instead of being up, our shipments are down 5%. I think that it -- what -- the environment that we're in is consistent with what we've talked about. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, the ability to accurately forecast what's going happen within a quarter is very difficult given the concentration of customers and the ability for customers to push $25 million, $50 million or more out of a quarter. And when you talk about the next quarter out, in this case March or even June, we can tell you what customers are saying they want us to do. But whether they'll actually execute that, I don't know. So let's have Martin kind of give you some perspective to how we're thinking about the first half of 2012.
Martin B. Anstice: Steven, the first thing I would say is that perhaps stating the obvious, the visibility for the company is pretty low. And I don't think that's a new message. And so very logic stem, the types of things that really drive the answer to your question in terms of outlook are kind of macro-related. And so as best as I can tell, kind of the emerging consensus around WFE is that it ranges between 5% and 20% down year-over-year, and Steve kind of spoke to that in his prepared comments. And our thesis for the kind of fundamental drivers of spending around content-rich smartphones and the overall cellphone market also kind of shift to mobile computing and the emergence of data centers and high-speed connections, I mean, that still kind of plays out as a fairly prominent theme. Quite what that means precisely for the first half of next year or the March quarter, clearly, a bunch to still learn. I would say directionally and this is not a statement of guidance because it doesn't need to be and shouldn't be based on what we're learning from customers. But directionally, I would expect that it is more likely that our shipments in March are higher than they are in the December quarter guidance today. Certainly, more likely, they will be higher than flat or down. But as we know, lots can change in a pretty short period of time evidenced by the fact that sequentially, in September, our shipments declined by 27 percentage points. So there's clearly the potential there. And directionally, the conclusion is the one that I've just given you relative to managing the company, one of the most important messages is the one we're communicating for some time, which is a commitment to invest in the long-term future of the company. And that remains a prominent part of the decisions we make on a day-to-day basis and the implied guidance for operating expenses really doesn't kind of speak to what we'll kind of be exiting the quarter at. So I would expect that by the time we get to the December month, we'll be run rating operating expenses closer to the $190 million level. And again, directionally, I would expect that our March quarter operating expenses are some higher than December. But we're right in the middle of an important planning in process, and we have some significant learnings ahead of us in the remaining months of this quarter. And we have some significant decisions to make as well. So the directionality statements were made in that context.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company?
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Let me add my congratulations as well. It's a very informative call, as usual. Two quick questions. First, on the capital or the wafer fab equipment outlook you have for next year between the high and low point, do you think the key factor is foundry spending?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, we didn't really kind of define it because what we talked about is, directionally, it's 5% to 20% down. So if we center on 31 wafer fab equipment spending for '11, 5% down puts you at 29.5%, 20% down would take you all the way down to 25-ish. I think that my expectations are that we're going to see probably somewhere around $12.5 billion in spending for memory. I think microprocessor, which we kind of classify now as really Intel spending, we think is going to come down probably somewhere around the $4 billion level or more normalized level of spending for Intel after an accelerated expansion in '11. And then logic/foundry, I think, being somewhere in the 10%, 11% range. I do think that if the macroeconomic environment is stronger in '12 then what maybe some of the low-end GDP forecast of 2% to 2.5% are saying that, that will manifest itself in leading-edge product demand. That will result in the need for more wafer starts in logic/foundry, which as we've talked about is very capital intensive. I do think that in memory, whether it's DRAM or NAND, spending will still be relatively muted because the conversion capability of even more 4x to 3x still exists in 2012. So I think that where the more upside is, is clearly in foundry and logic.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And one real quick follow on just in terms of the OpEx. Is -- a lot of the, I guess, the increase that you guys are talking about going forward is related to your comments around working on the next wafer size.
Martin B. Anstice: No, it's actually not. I mean, there is an element of spending associated with our 450-millimeter programs, and that's being true for a little while. As Steve commented already again today, a big part of the investment or the increase in investment is a byproduct of a broad collection of technology inflections and whether we're talking FinFET from this environments or 3D memory and next-generation memory. I mean, there is a lot of decisions to be made by our customers. And in that context, if we're wise, we make a set of investments to position the company to be successful when those decisions are actually made. And so, the increase is much more a byproduct of the success of the company historically. And the costs to defend our success and the opportunity to continue to grow and to make investments in the context of a fair amount of uncertainty in the world of our customers from a technology perspective.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, congrats on my behalf, too, for such a spectacular career so far.
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 questions. Number one, I know you said that the mix of foundries in December have increased in the shipment. Is it fair to assume that most of that increase is coming from single-wafer clean, or do you think it's evenly split between etch and clean?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, I think that there is there's clearly a situation where etch is about 40% memory and 60% foundry, and clean is kind of similar in that regard on any given quarter. It can kind of float around a little bit. In fact, for clean in the December quarter, they actually have closer to 48% or so in memory and actually a little bit lower in logic. But when you go forward, clean returns back to its normal trend, which for us is -- it's about 60% logic, 40% memory. Etch is, as I said, typically 50, 50-ish and our etch business is so much larger than our clean business that it pretty much dominates what the percentage mix is going to be for our entire system shipment mix.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, got it. All right. And then just a quick follow-up. Since you've been in this Industry so long, just wanted to get your perspective of when do you think, which year EUV will be implemented in production, and which your 450 millimeter will hit the tape?
Stephen G. Newberry: I have, probably, from trying to answer that one, I haven't been in that industry whether it was 30, 40 or 50 years isn't particularly helpful given some of the challenges that EUV has. And clearly, I think, the best qualified people to answer the EUV or ASML and Siemer and certainly, I'm sure you are asking them about how they're going to get the throughput up, and I think all I can do would be to speculate and pass on customer concerns, which I don't think is necessarily helpful in terms of accuracy. Now relative to 450, maybe having been around this industry as long as I have, there's some perspectives and that could be brought to bear. One of the things I think about 450 that a positive is, in the past when wafer size changes were conducted, this is going way back to even 5-inch conversions and 6-inch and then 200-millimeter, they were led by an individual company and trailers came into play. And it was typically expensive, messy and a slow transition. At 300-millimeter, it was also slow and messy as customers individually tried to define when they were going to market. This time, with the public announcement of the G450 project in Albany and we have, in essence, 5 companies that are going to participate in an early pilot, early device warning line, I think that's going to provide for an opportunity for more focused investment, the need in the next 3 years or so for fewer pieces of equipment that have to get scattered around the world at various individual customer sites. I think that it provides the industry, both the semiconductor manufacturing customers and the equipment and materials industry, an opportunity to really learn what are the true costs associated with moving to 450, what are the real as opposed to forecasted technical challenges and how quickly or how long will it take really to work through the technical and the productivity challenges that are clearly going to be present at 450. So with all of that said and done, with the thought process around 2013 timing for the G450 activity, 1.5 years to 2 years of that joint activity, various customers at some point wanting to put their own pilot lines in, whether that's late '14 or '15, another 1.5 years of activity associated with that, I think the reality is, you're looking at -- on the very optimistic side, 2016, more likely 2017 and potentially, even 2018 in terms of when this industry will really start to ramp 450 for high-volume manufacturing.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup.
Wenge Yang - Oppenheimer: This is Wenge for Tim. Steve, congratulations on a great career. A couple of things. First, in term of stock buyback, was the stock price picking up above the $40 level, what's the company thinking about the buyback moving forward?
Stephen G. Newberry: Wenge, we're unchanged in terms of the overall programs that we've talked about. So our buyback activity will be a function of how the market moves.
Wenge Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay. In terms of the foundry spending, Steve mentioned about 28- and 32-nanometer clearly has begun investment. And based on your discussion with customers, when do you think they expect the capacity to be online for their production?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, there is a certain amount of 28-nanometer capacity that came online this year probably to the tune of 40,000 to 50,000 wafer starts per month by the end of 2011, whether all of that is fully qualified and fully outputted, that's a -- kind of a big question mark. I think that when I talk to a number of the leading-edge foundry and logic players relative to a 28-, 32-nanometer ramp, there is a certain amount of caution that's associated with -- when they look at the demand that their customers are telling them they are going to need to meet, there's some degree of concern that their customers are too optimistic about whether that demand will really materialize. And so the foundry/logic players are stuck a little bit in a cache 22 in the sense that if they don't put the capacity in place and the demand materializes, that's going to cause some serious problems with their customers. If they do put it in place and it doesn't, it's far more expensive to deal with idle capacity when you're spending $1 billion for 10,000 wafer starts than just 2 generations ago at 65-nanometer, you had $500 million tied up for 10,000 wafer starts. So the impact on cash flow and the carrying cost associated with idle capacity at 28- and 32- is much more impactful to the foundry/logic companies. And so as it stands right now, they're going to try and position as best they can. But clearly, they're going to look to certain segments of the industry where they may put their litho in place because of the long lead times. And they'll obviously try to take advantage of a lot of the short lead times and very fast response capabilities that companies like Lam Research can do and wait for as long as they can before committing to putting additional capacity in place.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Congrats, Martin, and good luck to you Steve. So, quickly, so first, if I look at your -- if I think of full year -- sorry, the fourth quarter guidance and look at your full year calendar 2011, I noticed that your revenue and shipment are down year-over-year. Is that just -- but when we look at WFE, it's kind of flattish. Is that just Intel or are the etch or the clean market actually underperforming WFE this year? And if so, why is that the case?
Stephen G. Newberry: Yes, good question, Edwin. It's actually both. Clearly, in the context in the $31 million spending for 2011 versus $29 million, a lot of that increase in terms of spending is Intel. Our served customer market is actually down in 2011 on a total WFE basis. But it's actually down even more when you look at the etch SAM. Historically, the etch SAM will fluctuate as a percent of WFE anywhere from 12% to 14%. In 2010, it ran pretty close to 14%, maybe 13.8%. And certainly, that was favorably impacted by the NAND to Inotera conversion to stack DRAM, which required a significant investment in etch. Interestingly, when we look at 2011, there has been a greater amount of leading edge spending, particularly in foundry associated with litho and metrology and less early spending relative to etch so that the etch SRAM combined with the high level of technology conversions which are -- which do impact etch to a greater degree than some other segments, our estimate is that we think etch is actually going to run about 12% of wafer fab equipment in 2011. So our customer have been spending slightly less. The SRAM being down to 12% results in what we think is about a 7% to 7.5% decline in etch SRAM. And when we look at where we see our revenue situation, we'll be down year-over-year, offset by some favorability in our customer service business somewhere in the 13%, 14%, 15% on a systems basis. And so what you end up with is, we are essentially flat from a market share perspective in 2011 versus 2010 as it relates to our customer base. And clearly, on a totality basis, because of the Intel effect and reduced etch spending in '11 at NAND and Inotera, our overall market share on a total basis will be down probably about 5% or 5.5% due to all those mix issues I just talked about.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. That was extremely helpful. And then I have a follow-up question on the leverage of the model. So if I take a down 20% 2012 scenario and take a look at your 4Q guidance, that would imply that on a quality basis, 2010, 2012 is roughly around where you're guiding on the fourth quarter. If that's the -- if that's what kind of happening for the industry, how do we think about the leverage of the model? Are we satisfied with the 7.5% operating margin room for the company? And if we are not, where do we expect cost saving could come from?
Stephen G. Newberry: I'm going let Martin and/or Ernie answer that since they'll be the ones primarily responsible for delivering whatever it is that we do.
Martin B. Anstice: So I'm going to let Ernie deal with specific model questions and leverage, but I'm just going to make a few comments relative to being happy or unhappy with 7.5% because there are obviously many answers to a question like that. And I think the important answer is that we are committed to make investments for the long-term success and growth of this company. That doesn't mean that we go spend money independent of thinking through the implications in terms of financial performance through a cycle. But positioning the company to turn on and turn off long-term R&D investments and projects is a very unwise thing to do. Hence, the commentary that the company has been communicating for some time. And so none of us are happy with 7.5%. We have earned more than that of this revenue level, and we would like to earn more than that at this revenue level. And the investments that we're making for the period of time we're making them are made with the pursuit of that growth objective and that profitability objective in mind. And so it would be way premature for us to speak to profitability outlooks for '12 because we haven't spoken to the wafer fab outlook in any detail today. But that's the set up for, hopefully, giving some perspective around how we're processing, making investments vis-a-vis a cycle and an underlying profitability level. And I don't know if Ernie has anything to add in terms of the model.
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes. So, Edwin, the one thing that I would add, we're currently looking at second half in '11 that is sort of below the indicated ranges or the midpoint of the indicated range that we've talked about relative to '12. So I don't necessarily think that you could take our fourth quarter performance and fully extrapolate that forward. I would add, we have obviously provided some commentary around, intentions around OpEx and so I think there will be some potential leverage upward at the gross margin line if business volumes improve. We've talked about the continued investments we plan to make. And so I think the net-net of that would be depending on the level of wafer fab that ultimately occurs flat to slightly up overall performance, but we're really going to have to see ourselves getting through our annual planning process and making those final decisions when we get through the final planning process.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, let me also wish you the best going forward. Obviously, there have been necessary follow-throughs but I hope there will be opportunities for us to [indiscernible].
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just have a question on market share. I guess, Steve, I understand that Intel is 6 billion in the WFE equation this year. If I take that out, you mentioned second half was 35 to 36 sort of run rate for the industry. That should get you to about 22, 23 excess of. And in September, and I think the shipment on those was close to about 22. Even accidental, I find the down shipments in December a bit less than it should be. Is there other stuff -- I know year-on-year, you see an impact of Inotera. But from the beginning of this year to end of this year perspective, within your segments that you're participating in, how does the math sort of add up in terms of market share, or are there segments moving around? For example, NAND is moving around. They have the highest share. Is that sort of the reason for the relatively lower shipments?
Stephen G. Newberry: The relative what?
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Relatively lower shipments in December.
Stephen G. Newberry: I think that when everybody gets done with their announcements of what they're shipping in December, we'll probably have a better feel. Clearly, given that we don't ship to Intel and Intel is shipping or taking deliveries pretty much in a balanced way throughout 2011, that would contribute to our shipments being down lower. I think the other aspect of things could very well be timing associated with some pushouts that we had expected to ship in December, got pushed into March. We fully expect that they will, in fact, ship in March. And given that our speed of delivery and maybe more importantly, our speed of start-up cycle time potentially enables customers to delay our etch deliveries maybe with more capability than some others. But if you think about my comments that I made to have been relative to market share, I do think that when you take the Intel effect, when you take the fact that I think etch, as a segment in 2011, is growing or is negative growth year-over-year, particularly outside of Intel, other segments are not necessarily seeing their percent of wafer fab equipment spending change nearly to the extent that it played out in 2011. So having said that, I do think that when we look at what we think the spending will be in 2012, that we will see etch move back up at least to 13% as a percent and probably more likely somewhere around 13.5% in 2012 because historically, when it runs low like we see in 2011, it doesn't do that for very long and for a very sustained period of time.
Shanye Hudson: Alicia, we have time for 2 more questions.
Operator: The next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Steve, let me, too, extend my congratulations to you. I guess first question, trying to understand the kind of the breadth of spending you're seeing in Q4. You talked about foundry, advance logic. And I'm assuming there's some NAND in there. And I'm curious whether that incorporates all of kind of the big boys. And if not, should we start to see greater breath of spending across those spenders in Q1?
Stephen G. Newberry: You mean in the NAND big boys?
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The top 5 guys.
Stephen G. Newberry: Yes. I mean, the reality is that when you look at -- in September, you had all of the players, the spend that you would expect from the GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Samsung, IMFS, Toshiba, et cetera, et cetera. And that when you look at December, it's fundamentally the same cast of characters with maybe some additions here or there. And slight differences in terms of how much money is being funneled into which particular line if you're a company that kind of has multiple products sets. And the reality is, we've got 7 significant customers and 3 to 5 of, let's say, people who spend somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion a year. And when I look out at the first half, Martin said that if we look at what customers want delivered in March, they are certainly asking us to deliver more in March. But just like this quarter, 3 months ago, whether they'll actually do that, none of us know. And there is a broader mix of shipment request when you look at -- there's a few more foundry players in the mix. There's more total consistency of spending in terms of those companies that do both NAND and DRAM. They're going to do both. And so there is a broader orientation of spending across different types of ICs. But again, we're sitting here, and I think my sense is that what we're seeing is a reflection of the customers and their forecast for 2012, their customer demands that are being communicated to them for the first half of 2012. And they're clearly communicating to us, based on this, we're going need X, Y, and Z. And I think that even if we're down 10% or 15% in 2012, the reality is that most equipment companies, if not all, are going to be reporting that their shipments and revenues are probably bottoming out in the December quarter. And if we're going to be down to 10% or 15% overall throughout the calendar 2012, at some point, shipments are going to have to come up on a quarterly basis because the current run rate is below a 10% or 15% down.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And as a quick follow up, I know it's early, but curious, in your discussion with NAND customers, are you seeing any discussion in terms of the Thailand flooding and the desire to add more solid state capacity relative to hard disk drives that have been most impacted?
Stephen G. Newberry: Not in my discussions. And I don't -- Martin, have you heard anything?
Martin B. Anstice: I don't think there's anything incremental that I'm aware of, no. I mean, there's definitely an emerging kind of price point that makes that transition more attractive, not less. But I mean, the kind of road map in front of us is not kind of overwhelming, at least, in terms of the near term. But there clearly is a broader set of penetrations for SSD anticipated for '12 than '11 quite how that plays out in the scheme of consumer confidence and basic messages in terms of PC growth, kind of anybody's guess. But there is more, how much more to be determined. And I'm sure the investment that Steve characterized in terms of new capacity additions in NAND is predicated on a set of assumptions that SSD growth is reasonable.
Stephen G. Newberry: C.J. it's always interesting when there is a natural disaster or some specific potential disruption to the supply chain that people start to worry about what's the magnitude of that. And in many respects, sometimes get overly concerned about it. I mean, we could also talk about Apple's factory in China that makes their solid aluminum for their iPads and for their -- maybe it's not for iPads, it's for MacBook or MacAir. And its supposedly shutdown, and they produce somewhere around 60% of Apple's frames. So if that's true, Apple better have some alternative sources by which they can tap into that or that could have an impact throughout the entire semiconductor IC supply chain, given Apple really takes up a significant amount of NAND flash capacity on a global basis, as well as the advanced logic chip. So let's see how it plays out.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Congratulations, Steve and Martin. I just want to clarify the 2012 down 5% to down 20%. That view, is that based on company's bottoms up model, or is that based on global GDP, or is that sell-side? And then I have a follow-up.
Martin B. Anstice: It's -- I would say it's much more of general statements that is influenced by the opinions from you guys, who spend lots of time analyzing the details. Whatever perspectives at a very early, honestly, from customers that we can garner. And as we started this call, commentary on our GDP and consumer confidence and corporate confidence. So I would say a much more general response than a specific one at this point in time.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then the next one for Ernie. Ernie, any consideration for a dividend here, or a share buyback is still the best way of returning cash to shareholders?
Ernest E. Maddock: You know, we haven't revisited that discussion for a little bit. So right now, it's -- as we have previously discussed, no change foreseen.
Stephen G. Newberry: So we want to thank everybody for their participation in the call and also, specifically, take the opportunity to thank all of you for your kind words as I didn't necessarily acknowledge that for each person who did. But I want you to know, I appreciate the comments. And I look forward to you staying in touch and continuing to have dialogues about this very interesting industry. And with that, I'll turn it over to Shanye to close the call.
Shanye Hudson: And thank you all for joining the call today. I'd remind you that the audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And with that, that concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call. You may now disconnect and thank you for using AT&T Conferencing.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernest Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Stephen Newberry - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Inc Benedict Pang - Caris & Company Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2011 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thanks, Mikaela. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. With me today are Steve Newberry, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the June 2011 quarter. Steve will then share Lam's business outlook for the September 2011 quarter before opening up the call for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed over wire services a short while ago and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our expectations of market size, technology trends and customer spending and behavior, our investment plans, the capabilities of our products and operations, our tax rate and our forecast of market share, shipment, revenues, expenses, margins, operating profit, earnings per share, cash generation and free cash flow, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ernie.
Ernest Maddock: Thank you, Shanye. Our June quarter was largely in line or better than our midpoint of guidance and represented a strong close to our fiscal 2011. For the quarter, shipments were at the high end of our guidance range at $793 million, a sequential decrease of 2%. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows. Applications of 65-nanometer and below represented 91% of overall system shipments and 82% of overall system shipments were for applications at 45-nanometer and below. System shipments for NAND were 44% of overall system shipments, followed by DRAM at 11% and other memory at 1%, making the total Memory segment 56% of overall system shipments. Foundry shipments represented 31% of overall system shipments and the remaining 13% were for Logic and Other. I want to take an opportunity to highlight the fact that starting this quarter, we are using non-GAAP rather than the phrase ongoing to describe the results of our operations that we feel are relevant for comparing the company's operating performance. The only difference between the ongoing and non-GAAP nomenclature is the exclusion of the non-cash interest expense accompanied with the convertible notes issued on May 2011. Otherwise, the presented results are directly comparable to those previously described as ongoing.  Revenues for the quarter were approximately $752 million, slightly above our guidance midpoint and down 7% sequentially. Gross margin was at 45% at our guidance midpoint and was down from 46.2% in the March quarter due to lower factory and field utilization associated with the decline in business volumes. Total non-GAAP operating expenses were $180 million, up $3 million sequentially due to continued investments in strategic development activities at the customer interface.  Although we expected slightly higher levels of OpEx, we benefited from a release in our accounts receivable reserve. As we discussed during our SEMICON Analyst Event, we plan to continue making the investments necessary to ensure that the company will be well positioned to support our customers as we move through important technology inflections during the next several quarters. Non-GAAP operating income was $159 million, which resulted in a non-GAAP operating margin of 21.1%, near the high end of our guidance range.  During the June quarter, our non-GAAP tax rate was 9.6%, a few percentage points lower than anticipated, primarily due to geographic income mix. As you know, we forecast our tax rate on a fiscal-year basis and as we look at the next 4 quarters, we expect the tax rate in the mid-teens.  Based on a share count of approximately 125 million shares, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.14, $0.07 higher than the midpoint of our guidance range. About half the $0.07 is attributable to operating performance and the other half to the favorable tax rate. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $1.01.  As a reminder, during the quarter, we completed the issuance of $900 million in aggregate principal convertible notes. This offering was designed to bolster our U.S.-based liquidity and provide us with the flexibility to make investments in the business, fund future growth and continue to execute on our share repurchase authorization. Our non-GAAP results were reduced by about $0.050 per share for the net impact of the cash interest expense on the convertible notes, while our GAAP results were impacted by approximately $0.035 per share, both the GAAP and the non-GAAP results reflect about a 1/2 quarter of effectivity.  Looking at the balance sheet, we ended the June quarter with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash of $2.3 billion. DSO for the June quarter was 71 days, down 1 day from the March quarter, and inventory turns were 4.2, down from 4.9 days in the March quarter as we increased on-hand inventory to respond to rapidly changing customer requirements.  Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter increased to $258 million and excludes $70 million of shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Equity compensation expense came in at $15 million, while depreciation and amortization was $20 million and capital expenditures were $35 million.  We ended the quarter with about 3,650 regular full-time employees. As we discussed this month during our analyst event at SEMICON West, we were in the market with share repurchases on a few days. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 18,000 shares at an average price of $42, and thus far, in the September quarter, we've made additional purchases, totaling 52,000 shares on a quarter-to-date basis and would expect further repurchase activity in the September quarter should the stock trade at similar levels. As a reminder, we also repurchased 1 million shares in conjunction with the convertible debt offering.  In the June quarter, our cash flows from operations were $198 million, representing a strong level of 26% of total revenues, and we expect similar performance in the September quarter.  With that, I'll turn it over to Steve for his remarks.
Stephen Newberry: Thank you, Ernie, and thank you all for joining our call today. As many of you are aware, we held our Analyst and Investor Event at SEMICON West a few weeks ago, and I would like to take a few moments to reiterate the key messages we outlined during that meeting prior to providing our view of near-term market conditions and business outlook.  We remain encouraged by the opportunities in the wafer fab equipment industry over the next couple of years, which is supported by a couple of things we discussed during SEMICON West. Those themes include trends in the mobile and computing space, where content-rich devices, such as smartphones, tablets and notebook PCs continue to drive demand for IC units. We expect that IC units will grow by 10% to 11% annually over the next 3 years to roughly 275 billion units by 2014.  This bodes well for equipment suppliers as this strong IC unit growth will drive the need for additional wafer-processing equipment.  The highly competitive mobile market is driving semiconductor device manufacturers to continue down the path of MOSFET to produce logic and memory chips capable of meeting the power, performance and form-factor requirements of these mobile products. The scale and challenges presented by these demands are significant and will require new and highly complex device architectures starting around the mid-to low 1x node in Memory and 20-nanometer or 14-nanometer node in Advanced Logic.  As device complexities increase with each subsequent technology node, capital intensity is rising. As a result, IC manufacturers will need even more highly differentiated technology and productivity solutions, and Lam is well positioned to deliver on both of those requirements.  These industry trends form the basis for our view of an annual WFE spend environment of approximately $30 billion plus or minus 10% over the next few years and the potential to reach the $40 billion level within the next 5 years as the new architectures move into high-volume production.  During this cycle, our customers have demonstrated the ability to keep supply and demand in reasonable balance. Behavior, which is very different from prior industry cycles where device manufacturers, in pursuit of market share gains, created an oversupply situation by adding capacity well in excess of demand. This change reflects the consolidated customer base and the fact that some customers have reduced ability to raise needed capital.  In addition, given the relatively short lead times for most equipment, customers have the ability to better time their deliveries to match the expected demand environment. As a result, even with overall healthy wafer fab spend levels, we expect a quarterly shipment variations in the range of plus or minus 25% will be experienced.  Evidence of that environment is occurring now in terms of our expectations for the second half of this year. Since our April earnings call, Foundry players have adjusted their 2011 spending plans in response to reduce demand for 65-nanometer and above capacity, which has resulted in lower utilization rates. With the cost to add capacity at the 32-, 28-nanometer node in the range of 1 billion per 10,000 new wafer starts per month, the leading edge Foundry players are telling us that they plan to delay their earlier-stated 32-, 28-nanometer ramp plans, while they address yield ramping issues that are fairly typical with any transition to a new major technology node.  As a result of these changes, we now project Foundry and IDM Advanced Logic spend within a range of $10 billion to $13 billion for the year and where we end up will ultimately depend on demand and the pace with which yield improvement related activities can be completed.  Memory players are being very cautious with spending on DRAM capacity, reduced due to concerns over consumer PC demand, while NAND capacity and conversion investment continues on track for the calendar year as forecasted. Taking all of this into account, our view of 2011 wafer fab equipment spending is now in the range of $29 billion to $32 billion or flat to up 10% relative to 2010.  At this point in time, if deliveries are executed as customers are requesting, we would expect closer to $29 billion unless Foundry and Advanced Logic companies decide to spend on the 32/28-nanometer node before the end of the calendar year. If you exclude the microprocessor portion of that spend, a segment in which Lam does not materially participate, our resulting served available market would be flat to down by approximately 10% for calendar year 2011.  We believe that first half 2011, wafer fab equipment spending on an annualized basis was approximately $32 billion for the industry. And therefore, we expect second half 2011 shipments may be flat to down by as much as 19%. Longer term, Lam is well positioned to deliver strong financial results and continued market share gains in both Etch and Clean as a function of both sustained, healthy wafer fab equipment spending and the investments we are making today extending our competitive advantage at the leading-edge.  Our strategy remains focused on providing differentiated technology and productivity solutions for our customers, extending our leadership position in etch, leveraging our customer trust, innovative technology and operational expertise in the single-wafer Clean and continuing to deliver solid financial performance.  Moving on now to our September quarter guidance. As was discussed by many, in the Industry Trade Show at SEMICON West, customer push-outs have been occurring for the past few weeks. And for us, as recently as only 2 days ago. Therefore, we are guiding to September shipments of $580 million plus or minus $25 million, revenues of $670 million plus or minus $20 million, gross margin at 42% plus or minus 1%, operating profit at 14% plus or minus 1% and earnings per share of $0.63 plus or minus $0.07 a share.  While the current quarterly wafer fab equipment spending environment is certainly challenging for us in the near term, we remain committed to making the investments necessary to support our long-term strategies. Our strong balance sheet and cash-generation capability provide the company with financial strength and flexibility.  As we close another solid quarter for the company, I would like to take the opportunity to thank our employees for their dedication and contribution towards Lam's continued success. They are the best in our industry.  With that, Ernie and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital: This is Olga calling in for C.J. I guess, my first question is on the commentary you made around shipments into the second half of the year. You talked about how you see the potential for that to be flat to down 19%. Is that for the industry or for Lam, specifically?
Stephen Newberry: Well, it's for the industry. I think, that if you look at what's occurring right now that if we were at a $32 billion first half annualized run rate, if we're going to end up at the lower end of our $29 billion to $32 billion range, then the potential is that the second half shipments for the industry would be down 19%. For us, given that we don't participate in the microprocessor market, it really isn't any different from a percentage standpoint, because spending is pretty balanced between first half and second half relative to microprocessor. So if we're on the low end of the range, then our shipments would likely be mirroring a decline of the industry, with the exception of offset improvement for us as a function of market share gains in Etch and Clean.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital: Got it. And then as a follow-up of that, if you sort of do the math around it, it would imply a decent uptick in the December quarter shipments. Are there any specific customers or lines that you're tracking that would give you confidence that you would see that level of shipment uptick in the fourth quarter?
Stephen Newberry: I would have to say that I have no confidence or very little confidence based on kind of the environment that we're in right now. I think, it wouldn't be appropriate for me to really talk about specific customers. But clearly, what you're suggesting is that, given where we think the shipments are going to be for September that it implies that December is better. That's certainly true if the customers execute the plans that they are currently communicating. And as I've said many times on these conference calls, it is with the consolidated industry, with short lead times, it's essentially impossible to predict with accuracy who's going to do exactly what, when are they going to exactly take deliveries and with consolidated customers spending large amounts of money, all it takes is one customer to decide to move a shipment out of or a set of shipments out of the September quarter or out of the December quarter and things can change, significantly. So as Ernie and I have been talking about, I think, the industry is going to be volatile on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and therefore, I tend to look at what happens on a rolling 6-month basis and what happens on a rolling 12-month basis, and that's why you hear me commenting on, we think that on average, over the next couple of years, we're likely to see $30 billion on a rolling 12-month type basis. But what's going to happen on a quarter-by-quarter basis, I think is going to be volatile.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital: Got it. And then just a follow-up question. On the market share comments, any sense, given we're now halfway through the year, where you think you're Etch market share will be for the year and on the Clean side as well?
Stephen Newberry: Well, as we said at SEMICON West, we think, we'll pick up 1 to 2 market share points in Etch. We think we'll pick up 3 or 4, possibly even 5 market share points in Clean. Clearly, market share is a function of total spending and the revenues and shipments that we generate, but also customer mix. And so with the volatility around customer mix, I think, we'll be in that ballpark. But it's impossible to tell for sure with the volatility.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar from Crdit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG: Steve, I was thinking that you would guide shipments down 25% just based on what you said at the Analyst Day and what the other semicaps have said. But you mentioned that you saw some additional push-outs just 2 days ago. I was wondering if that was the case, why shipment guidance were not even weaker. I was wondering if you could add a little bit of color on what segment...
Shanye Hudson: Satya, can you speak up, it's very difficult to hear you.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG: I apologize. I think at SEMICON, based on what you guys said and based on what others semicaps are saying, a down 25% shipment guidance seems exactly par for the course. But on the other hand, you also you said you saw some additional push-outs 2 days ago. I was wondering if that were the case, why shipments weren't even weaker. Perhaps you can give a little bit of color on what was pushing out just most recently and what's happening in the very near term?
Stephen Newberry: Yes. I think, I mean, you would know better than I, because, I think, some companies were spending time talking about their bookings were declining. Some companies didn't talk about shipments. Up till a number of days ago, I would have expected that our shipment environment would not be down as much as it is. We're essentially down 27%, June quarter to September quarter. The reality is with this volatility, I mean, if I had another conference call in 2 weeks, I might be telling you that it's gotten better. I mean, it really is one of the most kind of unpredictable environment that I've been a part of in many, many years. And so I think that we're in the vicinity of where we thought, but I do think that as everyday goes by, we just never know if somebody's going to call us and say, "Hey, pull something in or push something out." So this is kind of where we're sitting right now. And unfortunately, really, from a customer confidentiality standpoint, all I would tell you is that if I were to look at what has changed over the last quarter from what customers were asking us to deliver, I would say 2/3 of the change is coming out of the Foundry space and about 1/3 of the change is coming out of the Memory space. And most of that being DRAM-related, which I don't think is a surprise to anybody, given most of the comments around consumer PC really not being as robust as people thought, and that's caused DRAM bit growth to really be more around 45% than what was earlier thought to be about 55%. So we've seen a pullback in the DRAM segment, and I think, the utilization issues in the Foundry and a change in ramp plans and expectations on the 28-, 32-nanometer node in the Foundry has been kind of well-documented over the last month or so.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And a quick follow-up, in terms of your gross and operating margin guidance for September. It perhaps alluded to your Semicon model, the gross margins to me, looked like they may be 50 to 100 bps lighter and OpEx was up about $8 million or so, which I would have thought perhaps a little bit less than that. I know you're investing in R&D. I was wondering if you could add a bit of color to that.
Ernest Maddock: Sure. If you actually, look -- Satya, this is Ernie. If you actually look at the specific wafer fab environment that we're facing in the September quarter, it's significantly below that low end of the $28 billion model. So depending on how the perspective, it's somewhere in the $20 billion to $22 billion range. And so you -- if you took the $28 billion model and scaled it down, that kind of puts you within a relevant range of the sort of gross margins that you would expect. So we do believe it is very directly attributable to the specific September quarter environment that we're facing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: In terms of the shipments outlook for the September quarter, can you just give a little bit of color in terms of the customer breakdown, how it's shaping up right now in terms of Foundry, Memory and Logic?
Stephen Newberry: I can talk in generalities. I mean, as Ernie said, in the June quarter, we had about 56% of our total system shipments were memory, with most of that being NAND. In the September quarter, we're going to see probably a little over 60% be memory with again a lot of that being NAND-related. Foundry and Advanced Logic would be about high 30s. And I think, while the percentages are what I just said relative to mix, both segments quarter-over-quarter in terms of the amount of shipments they're taking, all the segments are down. It's just that the Foundry and Logic segment in the September quarter is down even more than Memory.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. That's helpful, Steve. Maybe a little bit of color in terms of the DRAM market, given your exposure to that segment. Obviously, the consumer PC market is weak, as you stated. But when do you see the industry making that transition from a 4x to 3x and eventually 2x, where some of those technology transitions start to benefit Lam, particularly? What's going to be the catalyst there for them to get the, I guess, the cost benefits from those transitions?
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think, the industry, it's clearly right now, in a significant transition, where 4x is the bulk of production. But there's a lot of 3x production as well that's beginning to come online. And I think, that a lot of companies are expecting to be converting to the 3x activity throughout the course of this year. But a significant ramp to 3x in calendar year '12, we think that there is a greater challenge to do technology conversions at the 3x node than there was to go from 6x to 5x to 4x. And so therefore, if we get a reasonable amount of bit growth in the 2012 timeframe, we may see that the DRAM spending in 2012 is going to have to come up even if you had the same bit growth. And then if we get a stronger consumer segment, because, I think, most of the companies that we talked to, the commercial, industrial segment and the server segment is strong and expected to stay strong in 2012. So the consumer's kind of the wildcard in PC, which really drives a lot of DRAM bit growth. And so if the consumer comes back in 2012 stronger and we have stronger bit growth in 2012 relative to '11, then, I think, we could see $1.5 billion to maybe even $2 billion of increased DRAM spending if we get that kind of environment.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin from UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank: Stephen, Ernie, just a question on the shipment push-outs, again. Are they mostly capacity-related, Steve? Or are you also getting an equal amount of technology upgrade type push-outs from the customer base?
Stephen Newberry: Well, when you're talking about memory, memory's a pretty dominant conversion-related activity this year, particularly in DRAM. We think there's probably 450,000 wafer starts per month of conversion activity, with only 60,000 wafer starts of new DRAM capacity. NAND, it's a little better story in the sense that while there's 500,000 wafer starts or so of conversion, there is 240,000 to maybe even 250,000 new wafer starts. So when you're talking memory push-outs, you're always talking about some of the aspects of conversions are present. But if they are pulling back on capacity expansion, which is certainly the case in DRAM and not the case in NAND, you're going to have some of that be full system that are a bigger part of the push-out than just conversions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Specific to the foundries, in particular, the foundries that are pushing out in part, because they have some yield issues, do you think them fixing the yield issues alone could drive a resumption of order activity? Or has it gotten to the point where they need to fix the yield issues, and then also see an improvement in utilization?
Stephen Newberry: Well, they're probably a heck of a lot more qualified to really answer what they're going to do. I think, that in some respects, the speed at which they're getting up the yield curve at the 28- and 32-nanometer node is actually, at least, on schedule, maybe even ahead of schedule. And so I don't think any of us should be thinking that there is like huge yield problems that are not really kind of the norm in what you would expect. But when you talk to the customers who are going to be buying those 28-nanometer ICs, most of them really have it in their plans that they're going to start ramping up their demand in the first 2 quarters of 2012. Certainly, there is some output that's going into products at the second half of 2011, but that's relatively low. And so I think that when we talk about what's going on at 28-, we're talking about 6 months ago, what did the Foundry and Advanced Logic companies think the speed was going to be that they could potentially ramp? What did they think the demand was going to be based on what their customers were either asking them to do in terms of where we are now, is the reality is it's both they've got to get up the yield ramp curve especially when you think about how expensive it is. You don't want to just throw more equipment and throw more wafer starts at it and have to amortize $1 billion for 10,000 wafer starts over relatively lower yielding. They could afford to do that when it was half the cost for 10,000 wafers, and sometimes they did that. So I think it's a combination of demand. I think, it's a combination of that with yield, but I do expect that it's, likely, we won't see the 28-nanometer ramp in volume until kind of the first half of 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from Citigroup.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Inc: Steve, one of your largest memory customers, in fact, your largest memory customer, one of the senior executives was on the tape on Monday talking about raising memory CapEx. And I think, a lot of the people close to that company are believing that tomorrow they will raise memory CapEx. So I'm -- speaking to the volatility of the environment, which is what you mentioned. How much of a potential raise from that company is in your guidance, because it seems like it's not in the guidance. So I'm just sort of wondering what you make of those comments?
Stephen Newberry: Yes. We've heard those comments, too, and none of any potential increase in CapEx spending is in our guidance. And clearly, if more demand for deliveries comes from that customer, then that would be upside from the kinds of numbers that you've heard me talking about.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Inc: Got it. Great. And then just a follow-up, Ernie, I'm just sort of -- back to a question that was previously asked, I'm looking at the OpEx necessary to get to the guidance. And it seems like OpEx is going to increase for both R&D and SG&A. I guess, I can understand why it's going to increase for R&D, given maybe some early 450 development. But I'm curious as to why it's increasing for SG&A. And I'm also wondering maybe how much of the increase in R&D is due to early 450 development, if any?
Ernest Maddock: Tim, as we've talked about before, the vast majority of the increase in our OpEx is truly R&D related based on our internal accounting for certain things that we are providing as a part of that R&D activity, specifically, since it's customer-facing, and for example, may involve providing a tool to a customer, we might classify that as SG&A expense. So in terms of what you would possibly think of as SG&A, there is relatively little increase associated with that. Relative to your question about 450, we are spending at about the level we feel we need to spend to be prepared when our customers are demanding of that diameter. And so I would say, that our level right now is relatively modest compared to what it will need to be at full scale. But it is -- it's certainly present in the spend.
Stephen Newberry: So Tim, I would amplify one thing relative to 300-millimeter spending. Normally, when you're focused on, let's say, ramping up what we'll call the 28-nanometer node in Logic and the 3x node in DRAM and the load 2x node in NAND, you're really out there with JDps and [indiscernible] for one technology, no doubt. We're out there now both for that one node and then the second node, because the second node is where the new architectures are coming into play and customers are doing far more work and running far more wafer starts on the development tools to work through all the issues associated with the new 3D NAND, the new FinFET structures, the new DRAM capacitor structures, even MRAM activity. So that's making R&D more intensive. And as you well know, whether shipments go up or down or revenues go up or down, the customers' activity from the standpoint of next-generation technology never ends, and so we're going to invest through this adjustment period, because we believe it's going to be short-term in nature and that's why you hear me talking about what I think kind of a rolling 12-month environment should be, $30 million plus or minus 10%. And we believe that the investments we're making now, while they put some pressure on our P&L, they are going to position us for the kind of market share gains that we want to see, and it's going to benefit us significantly in the 3- to 5-year period, when those next-generation architectures ramp.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Pang from Caris & Company.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company: One the test [indiscernible]  [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: The next question comes from the line from Krish Sankar from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Two questions. Steve, if you look at your shipment split in both June and September, how much of the Etch portion is coming from dielectric versus conductor etch?
Stephen Newberry: Well, let me think about that. And reference the documents, since I don't have that off the top of my head. We have that data, but we don't really put it together for this kind of call. We kind of tend to look at what's happening in the etch market relative to what's going into Logic, Flash and DRAM. So I really can't answer that. We'll have to get back to you with kind of how that's breaking out. But the thing I would tell you is that fundamentally, conductor has grown. It used to be somewhere around 40%. But over the last 2 years, it's now about 50% of the total etch market. And it really doesn't matter, whether you're talking about Logic or you're talking about Memory, conductor applications have grown. And so therefore, I don't think you're going to see that there is much of a difference in terms of where the activity is going between dielectric and conductor.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. Now if I could just ask a follow-up. You said you're targeting 3 to 5 points share gain in Clean market this year. I'm just kind of curious. Where do you think that opportunities are going to come from. Is it going to come from your Japanese competitor? Or is it going to come from the local Korean suppliers?
Stephen Newberry: Well, we're making a lot of progress in memory, which is important to us, because if you look at the historical market share that we've had in single wafer spin clean, it's been largely, Logic, back end of the line. And so what we've talked about at SEMICON was that we expect to pick up 12 to 14 new penetrations, the majority of those will be in memory. And the interesting thing is they come from a whole variety of competitors, from some Japanese clean companies to Korean clean companies to even non-Japanese and non-Korean. So it's actually a pretty wide distribution and at the end of the day, we're not so concerned who it comes from. We just want the win and we want the market share.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok from Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: So Steve, I have a question regarding the NAND space. It sounds like you're commentary suggests that space is still progressing this year. And that they're adding capacity throughout the year. I was wondering are you worried that the NAND space will be coming like DRAM in the coming year after all these capacity expansion, they will just switch their focus on conversion, and therefore, cause a slow NAND spending environment in the coming year?
Stephen Newberry: Well, conversions are a function of whether or not in fact the next technology node from an architecture standpoint can be converted from a technology standpoint. The other aspect of conversions are the more wafer or the more bit growth, and therefore, silicon output you need, there's only so much that you can take and convert before you have to add new wafer start capacity. And so the reason that you see NAND having to add a couple of hundred thousand of new wafer starts is that bit growth. Now if the bit growth were to slow down, then I think the ability at least until we get to 3D NAND, will be to have a greater percentage of conversions. So the real question is what happens to NAND bit growth in 2012 and '13, and I think a lot of that's going to be a function of what happens to SSD penetration, what happens to tablet growth, which is obviously SSD-related, and how quickly can they get down to really low-cost, high-yield at the low 2x node, what's the ramp profile for the high 1x node. And I think, that we'll have to say that play out. But I would expect that we'll see pretty healthy NAND spending similar to what we saw in 2011. But it's going to depend on what the bit growth profile is and if it stays up around 80%, it will be about the same. If it drops, then we would see some less spending. But the potential for bit growth to expand in NAND exists. I think for next year, it's all about whether or not you get more significant SSD penetration. And right now, I think the jury's still out on that.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: I see. It's all come to demand. That's great. Just a quick follow-up on the buyback, just curious how do you guys think about that? I mean, obviously, your business is sharing a lot of cash even in a moderated demand environment. Are you guys going to use a lot of that cash generated buyback stock, given that you avoid so much cash in the balance sheet?
Ernest Maddock: Edwin, it is completely consistent with what we talked about at SEMICON. So we have a purchase plan in place that is on autopilot at this point. And based on the trading price of the stock, we will be buying back various volumes over the course of any given quarter.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Ben Pang from Caris & Company.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company: But on the $10 billion to $13 billion that you commented on -- for the logic Foundry, what was your outlook prior to the last couple of months? And then a one follow-up.
Ernest Maddock: Well, at one point, if you go back 3 or 4 months ago, its probably more likely to be $12 billion or $13 million. I think, where we are now, it's more likely that if more spending doesn't occur, it would more likely be $11 billion. It could go as low as $10 million, but I think it's right now looking like it's going to be $11 billion. But you just really don't know. All it takes is 1 or 2 of these companies to come in, decide to add 5,000 wafer starts at 28-nanometer and the next thing you know, you've got another $1 billion, even $2 billion that could be added to WFE spending. So when you're talking about 28-nanometer now, and you're talking $1 billion for 10,000 wafer starts, it can move the needle pretty quick.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company: So that was kind of my follow-up that is the growth right now for Foundries solely kind of at the 28-, 32-nanometer that even 40-, 45-nanometer, there's kind of no boost here at -- even with like a 10%, 11% unit volume for semiconductors?
Stephen Newberry: No. I don't think that's true. I think, we tend to focus a lot on 28- and 32-, because it's so capital intensive. But if I look at -- in 2010 for the 40-, 45-nanometer node, we think they probably added about 30,000 wafer starts. We think they're adding somewhere around 40 to 40,000 wafer starts at that the node this year. So clearly, at about 650 for 10,000 wafer starts, they're spending a fair chunk of change at the 40, 45 node, and they're adding more capacity there clearly than they're adding at the 28 and 32-nanometer node for now. But as we go forward into 2012, I'm expecting that we'll see the 28-, 32- node will add more new wafer starts than the 40 to 45-nanometer node, and therefore, we'll see more Foundry, more Advanced Logic spending in 2012 as the capital intensity of the node rises.
Operator: And we have a question from the line from Atif Malik from Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: I apologize if this question had been asked before. Steve, can you comment on the utilization levels in the leading edge, 40-nanometer and below and maybe what utilizations are at foundries for 65-nanometer and above?
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think, it varies by Foundry for sure. But in general, when you're looking at 65 and above, you're looking at utilizations anywhere from 65% to 80%. I mean, you can find a foundry here or there where maybe that utilization is lower. I think, that when you look at the 40, 45 node, the utilizations are rising. They're pretty strong at the biggest foundries. That's where there is a lot of demand moving. And there isn't as many total wafer starts at that technology node. So if the demand is there, it's easier to have higher utilization at that node. If you then look at the 28, 32-nanometer node, you've got some capacity and relatively low. And depending upon which fab, the utilizations are anywhere from 50% to 75% or even 25% to 75%, depending upon which customer and who they're trying to ramp for. It really is all over the place. But I do think, the encouraging thing is if you look at there's more wafer starts on the leading edge at 40, 45 and it's growing, clearly, 65 has the most wafer starts in terms of the technology node. But customers are moving to that 40, 45 node and utilizations are in pretty good shape at that node.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Great. And then just a follow-up. Lam does not have high exposure to Intel in the U.S. If I look at Intel spending this year was quite high, about $10 billion in CapEx and next year, if I assume it's around $8 billion, how can Lam close the gap between its growth rate year-over-year versus the peers, assuming all else is equal, like in the share gains and the capital intensity increase and the NAND side offset your lack of exposure at Intel?
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think, that in a year like this, where Intel really is 20% of wafer fab equipment, even with market share growth, we can't offset that in any 1 year. And so we focus on winning application market share at those customers that we do business with. We can't change how much money Intel's spending right now. But we can certainly, in a normalized year, we can take those market share gains that we're getting at the other customers and have that manifest itself in faster growth than the WFE environment which we've clearly done over the last 10 years. Certainly, we are involved with ongoing evaluations, investigations, discussions with all of our customers. And certainly, we recognize that if there is an opportunity to be able to be a supplier for Intel, we would certainly find that to be a situation that would ultimately make it easier for us to accelerate our growth rate faster than WFE. And so we'll just have to see how that plays out. But I think with the market share gains that we're targeting in Clean and in Etch, that against a normalized Intel spending, we'll grow faster than WFE, if we execute to our plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Steve, I'm looking at the mix of your NAND and it seems like NAND shipment is up almost 50% year-over-year, if I were to take the June quarter and the March. And if I were to look at the Foundry, that one is also up 20%, first half of this year versus the first half of last year. So doesn't that imply that maybe the NAND guys are done spending and unlike previous cycles, they're more cautious and industry's consolidated so that they're not as aggressive with the spending. And then on the Foundry side, most of the large established chip companies have reported, they've actually talked about decent yields at leading edge 28-nanometer. And given the fact that Foundry shipment is up 20% year-over-year, doesn't that imply that maybe Foundry guys are also done and front-loaded. And put together, it's just that the CapEx upside that the industry -- equipment industry was expecting is not materializing?
Stephen Newberry: Well, to the extent that I can understand your question, I think, at the end of the day, all spending has to be looked at in terms of what's the demand environment that is present for NAND, present for DRAM, present for Advanced Logic, what customer is ramping on what technology node and what's the capital intensity for that. And when you look at supply and demand numbers relative to NAND, they're very much in balance. When you look at where the NAND companies are relative to cost and the pricing, they're making money. When you look at DRAM, it's probably running a little bit below, the normal cost curve. There's probably a little bit of excess demand in the pipeline for DRAM, which is why I think you see that there is some slowing down of how much more conversions and capital is going into DRAM. When you look at Foundry, as I commented, I think, they're doing fine relative to the targeted rate of yield improvement on the leading edge. But let's not confuse that with the yields at 65 and the yields at 40, 45 are higher than the yields today at 28. And so, a company has to be careful not to take too much demand relative to what it costs to output that demand. And so while yields are still coming up as a function of the learning curve, you want to keep your investments in capacity expansion in sync with a reasonable demand that you can meet, because if you take on too much demand and you make too many commitments and your yields are running low, you have to offset that by putting a lot more equipment in, and the cost doesn't change even though your output is reduced. So I think, when we look at the demand environment, when we look at capital intensity, I think we're in a period where the customers are kind of consolidating their gains. They're adjusting very rapidly, which they can to kind of align how quickly they bring capacity on relative to demand, and therefore, accounts for demand. And like I said, I think, we've got volatility in the near term, but I don't think that it fundamentally is changing the trend of what the investment levels are that are going to have to be made to deal with 10% to 11% average IC unit growth over the next 2, 3, 4 years.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Christopher Blansett from JPMorgan.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Quick one, Ernie. You have a restructuring charge in the statement. I don't think you mentioned that. So first, can we figure out what that is?
Ernest Maddock: Sure. We have a restructured facility that was restructured, actually, probably, the better part of the year ago that's covered under synthetic lease. And as a result of that, we're obliged to do an assessment against our residual value guarantees for the lease. And as we did that assessment, given market conditions, we took the $17 million charge. It was non-cash. And we think that, that writes the building down to the market values that we could reasonably anticipate over the remainder of the lease.
Operator: Thank you. And I would now like to turn the conference back over to Shanye Hudson.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. The audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And that concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernest Maddock - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Silfex Incorporated Stephen Newberry - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Shanye Hudson - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Wenge Yang - Oppenheimer Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research Services LLP Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC Benedict Pang - Caris & Company Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2011 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Brandy. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. With me here today are Steve Newberry, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the March 2011 quarter. Steve will then share Lam's business outlook for the June 2011 quarter before opening up the call for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed by Business Wire shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, earnings per share, cash generation and free cash flow, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-K filed with the Security and Exchange Commission.  All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m., and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ernie.
Ernest Maddock: Thank you, Shanye. I'm pleased to report very good overall performance for the March quarter, resulting in earnings per share above the high end of our guidance. Quarter-to-quarter, shipments were within our guidance range at $813 million, a sequential decrease of 9%. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows: Applications at 65-nanometer and below represented 92% of overall system shipments, and 79% of overall system shipments were for applications at 45-nanometer and below; system shipments for NAND were 23% of overall system shipments, followed by DRAM at 15% and other memory at 4%, making the total Memory segment 42% of overall system shipments. Logic and Other accounted for 33% of overall system shipments, and the remaining 25% were to Foundry customers.  Revenues for the March quarter were above the midpoint of our guidance range at approximately $809 million, down 7% sequentially. Ongoing gross margin was near the high end of our guidance range at 46.2% and was down from 46.8% in the December quarter, due to reduced factory absorption and a less favorable customer mix.  Consistent with the plans we shared with you last quarter, we've increased our investment in customer-facing productivity enhancement and research and development activities. These customer-facing activities are supported with selected incremental investments in core R&D activities and were the primary drivers of the sequential operating expense increase of $11 million, bringing total OpEx to $177 million. As we discussed last quarter, we expect another quarter or so of incremental investment levels, and we then expect to see these investments stabilizing after that time. We believe that these ongoing investments are important to enable us to maintain and enhance our competitiveness and achieve continued market share gains.  Ongoing operating income was $197 million, which resulted in an ongoing operating margin of 24.3%. During the March quarter, our ongoing tax rate was 8.3%, a few percentage points lower than anticipated, primarily due to certain favorable discrete tax items. For fiscal year 2011, we continue to expect our tax rate to be in the low teens, and based upon the current business outlook, anticipate a similar low teens rate for the remainder of the calendar year. Based on our share count of approximately 125 million shares, earnings per share was $1.45, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.12. Approximately half of this delta was due to the more favorable tax rate, and the remainder was the result of our stronger operating performance. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the March quarter with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, of $1.4 billion. DSO for the March quarter was 72 days, flat from the December quarter, and inventory turns were 4.9, down from 5.6 days in the December quarter. Our DSO and inventory performance both reflect the timing of customer shipments during the quarter.  Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter increased to $247 million and excludes $36 million of shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Equity compensation expense came in at $12 million. Depreciation and amortization was $18 million, and capital expenditures were $36 million. We ended the quarter with about 3,500 employees, and there were no share repurchases during the quarter. During the March quarter, our cash flows from operations were $242 million, representing 30% of total revenues, and we are on track to deliver similar or higher levels of performance in the June quarter. Over the last four quarters, Lam's cash flows from operations were approximately 27% of total revenues. And during the same period, our free cash flow was approximately 23% of total revenue.  Lam's business model enables us to generate strong cash flows, while at the same time, making the investments we believe are necessary to further strengthen our market position and benefit from future growth opportunities. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve for his comments.
Stephen Newberry: Thank you, Ernie, and good day, everyone. Thank you for joining our call today. As Ernie shared just now, our March quarter financial performance was in line with our expectations and reflected solid operational performance across all of our business units. Since our last call in January, political tensions around the world, rising fuel costs, higher food prices and the tragic events in Japan have all contributed to clouding the macroeconomic outlook.  It's still too early to fully understand the impact of these events on the overall global economy and the electronics industry, however, GDP growth projections for 2011 remain in the range of 3% to 3.5%, and our current assessment is similar, leading us to believe that, overall, our industry fundamentals and market drivers will remain relatively strong. Consumer electronics environment continues to be largely driven by increased adoption of global products, smartphones and tablet devices. While we expect overall IC unit growth to be 10% to 12% this year, we believe that NAND unit growth should outpace over all IC unit growth rates by approximately 2x, resulting in bit growth in the range of 85%. This level of bit growth should translate into NAND wafer fab equipment spending in the range of approximately $8 billion, up from 2010's baseline of approximately $6 billion. With our belief that tablet capabilities will expand beyond a content consumption orientation to include content creation, we expect tablet growth rates to remain strong over the next 18 to 24 months, leading to sustainable and growing NAND demand during that same period. Looking at the DRAM market, consumer PC demand in established markets is growing at a modest 3%, but corporations are continuing to proceed with their PC refresh cycles.  The pace of this activity has remained flat with the back half of 2010. And as a result, we have adjusted our view for calendar year 2011, total PC unit growth to approximately 11%. This creates a DRAM bit growth forecast that's at the lower end of an estimated range of 50% to 55%, and results in a decline in wafer fab equipment spending for DRAM in calendar year 2011 to approximately $5 billion, down from the approximately $8 billion spent in 2010. Combined, total memory, wafer fab equipment spend is projected to decline by approximately $1 billion or about 7% year-over-year. As we take a look at the Foundry segment and Advanced Logic, we continue to expect a strong year in terms of WFE spend. Consistent with our expectations, these manufacturers are investing in leading-edge capacity to position themselves to meet their customers' expected needs at the advanced notes. Typically, these investments will occur before actual demand materializes. As a result, we expect 2011 WFE spend for Foundry and IDM advanced logic to increase to $14 billion to $15 billion versus approximately $11 billion in 2010.  As device complexity continues to grow, the cost for our customers to add incremental new capacity or upgrade, existing capacity continues to increase with each successive technology node. While this trend applies to all market segments, the impact is particularly pronounced in the Foundry/Advanced Logic space where technology node shrinks are primarily accomplished by adding new capacity rather than converting and upgrading an existing process line. A specific example of this capacity cost increase can be seen by comparing a 65-nanometer logic process with a 28-nanometer logic process. Adoption of new process steps such as high-k/metal gates and metal hard mask schemes and back-end processing along with continued increasing layers per device collectively contribute to etch process times for each 28-nanometer wafer, which are more than 50% greater than that of a 65-nanometer wafer.  This increase results in more etch chambers required to output the same number of wafers. As Lam is the acknowledged and established etch market share leader in each of these areas for Foundry and Advanced Logic, we are well-positioned to benefit from this increase in investment levels.  The increase of process complexity also translates into the single-wafer clean market, requiring customers to transition more to wafer cleaning steps from batch to single-wafer processing to effectively manage defect densities and device yields.  Single-wafer clean process has represented approximately 65% of the total clean steps for our 65-nanometer foundry logic device. At 28-nanometer, we expect that percentage to increase to 85%. Our differentiated spin clean technology and innovative linear clean tools are designed to capitalize on this trend, and we expect to benefit from incremental share gains in 2011.   Looking beyond the 28-nanometer and 22-nanometer nodes, our customers are facing unprecedented technology challenges, including 3D device structures such as thin set gates [ph] and vertical NAND. These technology inflections are driving our customers to initiate major R&D activity earlier than they have typically done in the past.  Not surprisingly, Lam must parallel our customers' investments, to ensure that we are strategically positioned to deliver solutions, and ultimately, benefit from those future market opportunities. The investment plans that Ernie spoke of earlier are intended to do just that. We are committed to further build upon our success by differentiating on critical leading-edge applications and leveraging our install base position for early learning and partnering with our customers to deliver solutions that address their most difficult manufacturing and technical challenges. Given this set of industry challenges and opportunities, our expectation is that overall calendar year 2011 wafer fab equipment shipments will grow by 12% to 17%, with total spend between $32 billion and $34 billion. While this represents meaningful improvement from 2010, it's important to recognize that in the consolidated industry environment in which we now operate, where 10 customers comprise approximately 85% of WFE spend, it is and will be increasingly common to see quarter-to-quarter shipment variability.  While being mindful of the short-term financial impacts of this variability, Lam Research will remain focused on ensuring we meet our customers' productivity and technology solution needs, as they respond to the growing demand trend for advanced semiconductor devices. With these factors in mind, our June quarter guidance is as follows: Shipments of $780 million, plus or minus $25 million; revenues of $745 million, plus or minus $20 million; gross margin at 45%, plus or minus 1%; operating profit at 20.5%, plus or minus 1%; and earnings per share of $1.07, plus or minus $0.07. In summary, as we look at 2011, despite short-term pushouts from recent events, we think current prospects for the industry remain healthy. This environment provides Lam with the opportunity to solidify and enhance the value that we bring to our customers, and we expect it to result in the further strengthening of our market position going forward. With that, Ernie and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank: Steve and Ernie, nice [indiscernible] Just a follow-up question, Steve, on the given shipment guidance. Could you share more color on the customer type that response for the pushouts. Is it mostly the memory customers? And did the guidance in the June quarter assume any pushouts, because of the shortage of raw wafers that might be available in the industry?
Stephen Newberry: Yes, the activity for us as it relates to requested shipments in the June quarter are really, primarily, a function of both some memory pushouts. Most of it was DRAM-related. Some of that was offset by some pull-ins of NAND, but really kind of the biggest net pushout, in fact, was really related to foundry and other types of logic activities. Obviously, when we see that kind of activity, we have extensive conversations with our customers as to what the reason is behind the pushes and what their expectation is in terms of when they're going to want those deliveries, and I think the good news is that customers' intentions relative to when they want them is to, for the most part, take those deliveries in the September quarter with a few of the pushes ending up in December. But primarily, they want delivery in September. As it relates to material shortages, none of our customers have indicated that currently they're experiencing any wafer start, other types of material shortages. I think if we think about the inventories that these customers normally carry, if we look at the public statements as well as the private comments that they make to us, I think that most customers, if not all of them, really expect that they're going to be able to work through what potential issues there may be, because most of them carry 2 to 3 months worth of wafer inventory, and the expectation is that wafer supply will be back in good shape in that timeframe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Steve, could just give us a quick update in terms of the application wins that you saw in the etch marketplace? And do you feel -- and the follow-up question is, do you feel that you guys are still on target for some of the share gains or the share position for your company for 2011 for both etch and clean?
Stephen Newberry: Yes. I think we're one quarter into a lot of the activity that we're working with customers, as it relates to those applications that they're looking for qualification. I think to date, we're on track with our expectations in terms of the progress that we're making, in terms of the etch penetrations, as well as the clean penetrations. I think probably at SEMICON West, we'll probably provide a more comprehensive update, because we'll have more information at that time. But clearly, here, we had a lot of momentum, a lot of wins in the second half of 2010 that will manifest themselves into shift market share gains in 2011. And then, of course, when we look at the makeup of wafer fab equipment spending in 2011, it's going to be materially different, given Intel's statements as recently as yesterday at the last day or two that they're going to increase their capital spending even more than what they had previously announced. And so clearly, as a function of us not participating in much of that and none of it on the etch side, that will be some market share issues that will have to kind of offset with the application wins and the shipments that we do in 2011. So we'll see how that plays out over the year. We'll update that at SEMICON West. And as it stands right now, we're in good shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Steve, if the pushouts are not macro-driven or Japan earthquake or wafer shortages or indirect shipment delays in Japan, and the memory pricing has been going up year-to-date, I just want to understand what's driving those pushouts? Is it that some of the spending that was going on both per-market-share reasons on the logic side and they're not materializing, and those customers are changing their plans?
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that there's a little bit of activity that we saw post the earthquake tsunami where I think a lot of customers kind of froze in place, so to speak. And what they really wanted to understand was, will this or could this have an impact in terms of demand in the marketplace? Would this or could this cause issues relative to supply chain? And so, there's definitely some aspect of that, but I think we're going to move beyond that, if not already have moved beyond that. When you talk about pricing, certainly, the NAND pricing environment is very favorable right now, and that's why what we saw in terms of what customers want in the June quarter is more NAND shipments to take advantage of the supply-and-demand situation that exists there. Where as memory, the pricing is tighter. The demand is a little bit lower than what people thought because of the consumer PC growth not being as strong. And so, ultimately, what we have is the Foundry Logic segment, which was pretty bullish, I think earlier in the year, for a variety of reasons some may be related to how quickly they could absorb a lot of what they've already taken, what are their customers doing relative to their demand profiles, what's happening as customers move from running product on 65-nanometer to run it on 40 or 45. What's the pace at which customers are wanting to come up and take 28-nanometer type ICs. I think they're in kind of a period of evaluating and assessing all of that. And so, they've kind of put some of the things on hold for a number of weeks or a couple of months. But I do think that as the year plays out, we're going to see that Foundry Logic will be very strong in the second half.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: And there's a follow-up for Ernie. Ernie, assuming revenues of $800 million exiting this year, how should we think about the OpEx exiting this year?
Ernest Maddock: As we indicated, based upon the guidance Steve provided or the OpEx that you would infer from the guidance that was provided, we'll probably see another couple of million dollar variation in that as we move forward, but then we expect that to level off.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Guys, thanks so much. Maybe, first, if I could start with Steve, what's the thought process around the buybacks at this point? Obviously, you continued real significant accumulation of cash.
Stephen Newberry: You know, Jim, I think one of the things that's important to remember is, we do have a significant amount of offshore cash. And so, if you look for example at where we would be at the end of March and you exclude the company's restricted cash balances, you'd be at 50-50 onshore-offshore. If you include that restricted cash, you're closer to 40-60. So the overall cash balance that's available to the company relative to any share repurchases in the short term may not be as great as it would at first appear. And as we look forward into the end of this year, we would expect to see 70% to 80% of the cash accumulation of the company occur offshore. So I think our philosophy remains fundamentally unchanged, which is that we are open to share repurchases, as we see the appropriate opportunities come along. And when those do, you'll see us take action under the authorization that we currently have available to us from the board.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then maybe, if I could just ask one follow-up on that, and then I'll throw on my final question and then I'll go away. So on the buyback, would you ever consider -- I know some companies that have an offshore cash issue have issued some debt against the offshore cash and used that to buy back some stock. Is that ever anything that you'd consider? And then secondly, with the disruptions in Japan at some of the manufacturing facilities at a place like Tel, is that just too short term in nature for Lam to potentially pick up any share, or is there a potential share gain opportunities as they're unfortunately disrupted in their manufacturing facilities. Thanks very much.
Ernest Maddock: Sure, Jim. I'll take your questions about the borrowing, and then I'll turn it to Steve for the comments on Tel. So we're always looking at the market that are available to us, relative to options that we have. So yes, we are looking at that idea of borrowing, secured by the offshore cash. We're looking at other forms of potential liquidity for the company that would enable us to be even better-positioned to do some sort of activity, whether that be something strategic or a share repurchase. And as those circumstances we feel are favorable to the company, we will act upon them.
Stephen Newberry: So Jim, I think Tokyo Electron has communicated that their plant, their new plant where they were going to produce etchers is going to be delayed coming online. I think the reality is that they were still in production with their etch tools in another plan in a different location. And I think that from that standpoint, then I think they have been able to make the deliveries that are consistent with their customers' needs. And so, I don't expect that we will see market share gains as a function of the plant issues that they have in Japan.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Crdit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG: Thanks. Steve, I think earlier you'd said that the first half of this year was looking approximately similar to the second half last year, and June shipments could have been up obviously with the pushouts, they're looking down. Would you sort of maintain or perhaps even taken up the expectation on CapEx for the year. I get most of the facts from Intel, does that mean you're looking at a second half that has to be higher than the current level in the first half and, specifically, looking to the September quarter, are you expecting to shipments directionally up or down from here?
Stephen Newberry: Yes. My comments a couple of calls ago and last call were that I expected the first half would be relatively flat to the second half. And with the recent activity that we've had, we're going to be at least from the standpoint of Lam, which may be different from other companies as a function of who their customer base is, we'll probably be down in the first half approximately $100 million relative to the second half of 2010. And then, consistent with your perspective that if the total WFE environment is somewhere between $32 billion to $34 billion, the second half will have to come up when we look at what our customers are asking us for in terms of second-half delivery. They are requesting a higher number of shipments in that second half, somewhere in the 10% range, potentially more second half of '11 versus first half. We'll have to see how that plays out but if the industry isn't going to spend $33 billion or potentially $34 billion, at least from the profile for Lam, our shipments would need to come up in the second half.
Satya Kumar - Crdit Suisse AG: That's helpful. And just color on September, if you could, and a follow-up on memory. Thanks for giving the WFE numbers on NAND and DRAM, I was wondering if you have any different perspective on the total wafer start numbers that you had previously given out, which I think for NAND was 200 new wafers starts and 400 upgrades, and DRAM 125 new wafer and 450 upgrades. Have those numbers changed at all?
Stephen Newberry: Now we could talk about those a little bit. As it relates to September, I'm not going to comment specifically, because the reality is, we are sitting here at the start of the June quarter, which is clearly changed pretty significantly from what we thought would occur when we are on this conference call three months ago. And I think that consistent with my prepared comments that with such a concentrated customer base, all it really takes is one major customer who decides that they want to pull something in or push something out, and you can swing the shipment activity for us, $50 million to $100 million. And by the end of the year, it may not change the equation, but it could certainly change how things play out in a given quarter. And so, I think that if you just think in terms of there was a fair amount of pushout activity from the second quarter and, as I commented earlier, most of that push out is residing in September. In terms of current request, we'll see how that plays out. It could decide to spread out a little bit more, but I think the important message is that as it stands right now, the year is holding consistent with what we thought, just a different distribution by quarter. So relative to wafer starts, we think that there's been probably more conversions, at least in DRAM, where the big growth is a little bit slower. And so, we think that probably somewhere around 450,000 wafer starts per month will be conversion-oriented with only 65,000 to 70,000 wafers starts per month, being new wafer start capacity. And that's important because the conversions only cost a company somewhere between $65 million and $70 million for 10,000 wafer starts. But if you want to put new 10,000 wafer starts, it will cost you $300 million. In NAND, it's a little bit different story. NAND, with the higher bit growth, can't satisfy that with just conversions. And even though the conversions are still high, we think that they probably increased from around 400,000 conversions to about 500,000 wafer starts per month conversion. But that they are still going to have to add slightly more than 200,000 wafer starts per month of new capacity output. And so, when you look at those ratios, that's why you kind of end up with DRAM spending about $5 billion, and NAND spending is probably going to be about $8 billion. And it's largely -- the delta is largely driven by the fact there's a lot more new wafer starts being added in NAND in order to meet the bit growth.
Operator: The next question comes the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question with the decline in shipments, the revenues guided down worse. I guess the question is, I would have thought that perhaps deferred revenues in the Japanese revenues might have sheltered that a little bit better. So I guess if you could comment on that? And then I would love to hear your thoughts on, if we see that trajectory of shipments rising in the second half, how we should think revenues should track that rise?
Stephen Newberry: Yes. I think, C.J., that one of the things for us being a revenue-on-acceptance company is that the ability to keep shipments and revenue pretty closely in line really has to do with, as you ramp up, what's the linearity of that. And as the shipments ramped down, as we've seen, what's the linearity of that. And what we saw in the March quarter is that we had a nonlinear distribution with a lot more system shipping in March that's getting revenue in the March quarter. But more importantly, when we look at our June, our June is nonlinear again with a lot more of the shipments in the last four to six weeks of the quarter than there are in the first six or seven weeks of the quarter. And eventually, those things kind of even out but the reality for us is that in December of 2010, we were revenue-ing $870 million. We're forecasting that we will revenue $745 million. So in the course of a couple of quarters, we're going to drop $125 million. And I guess, on one hand, people could look at the fact that our operating income is coming down from 27.7% to a forecast of 20.5%. But if I look historically, in the past, when we've seen these kinds of revenue drops, we've actually dropped our financial performance significantly greater. If we go back to the last time this happened, when we looked at some of the higher revenues in 2007, a couple of quarters later dropping $125 million in revenue, our profitability dropped 14 percentage points as opposed to the 7% that we dropped here. And obviously, we could mitigate that if we were to choose to react in a short-term way by pulling back on some of our customer facing and R&D investments, but I think that that's not a smart move for us to do. We tried to articulate why we're doing what we're doing. And at the same time, while the P&L might be looking a little bit rough, our cash generation is really strong, the 30% in March that Ernie talked about and we expect to be at least that in the June quarter. And so, I think one last aspect which relates to the second half of your question is, if we felt that the decline in shipments and revenue that we're seeing coming off the peak in December was a trend heading south, we might be taking different actions. Clearly, we're operating to the assumption based on our discussions with our customers that the second half is going to play out with stronger shipments, and therefore, the opportunity for higher revenues. And so, we're going to stay the course in the short term, and we're going to continue to build on the relationships and the trust that we built with our customers. And I think target to be able to deliver them solutions that ultimately manifest tough in, continued share growth going forward.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: As my follow-up, can you talk a little bit about, I guess, gross margins. And I know clearly, shipments and revenues played a role in that. But as you look at the tailwind from what you're doing on the clean side, can you comment, I guess on a steady-state revenue line item? What kind of upside we could see over the next six plus months from what you're doing on the clean side?
Stephen Newberry: Ernie may have some comments that he wants to add, but I mean we've talked about the fact that our target, as a function of our product option architecture redesign of our moving to a remote factory outsourced supply or model that is similar to etch, that we wanted our margins in the low to mid 40s for our spin cleaning product and we certainly want our overall margins from our other products to be at least in that mid-forties range. I think we're on track relative to those outsourcing and option architecture activities. I think that how the margins will play out will really be a function of how much of our business is coming from what you might call spin clean, noncritical or commodity versus spin clean critical and linear critical where we're bringing a differentiated capability to bear, and therefore, our customers in recognizing that critical capability are willing to pay more for that. So there's going to definitely be mix issues and there will be total volume issues. But I believe that as we look at the second half that we have an opportunity, if customers come through with what they said they would do, we'll see our margin contribution from our Clean division be a more positive factor than what's going on right now at this time.
Ernest Maddock: Yes, C.J., let me add, this is Ernie, if you step back and look at the SEMICON models and presume, based on the shipment patterns that we just talked about that we get back into that range, we're going to be back within spitting distance of those models that may not be precisely there as the result of product or customer mix, as Steve articulated. But that's a good long-term guide to think about relative to macro-level margin performance for the company at those shipment levels.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Thanks for taking my question. So first question regarding, just if I look at your geographic mix of your shipment, it seems like North America picked up a lot last quarter. Can you kind of maybe help us out in terms of defining what kind of customer you're shipping there and then what type of product between etch and clean are shipping for these Northeast, North American customer.
Stephen Newberry: Hang on a second. [indiscernible]
Shanye Hudson: In terms of the shipments, North American customers picked up a lot and could you help with the make up.
Stephen Newberry: I mean from a detail standpoint, we report what we do kind of where the geographic headquarters of a company is. And so clearly, if you think about who's headquartered in North America that spends, you have some activities relative to Micron, you have some activities relative to global foundries. We also -- do we report Samsung's America stuff as North America? Okay. So I think that, probably, the biggest aspect of it would really be what's the activity going on for the logic activity in Austin, and then you've got some activity that's related to other North American operations.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: So great, obviously, not the incremental that's been told there, I guess. One more question that's more longer term for you, Steve. The industry is talking about going to 3D transistor there. And on your commentary, you talked about, eventually, that can be a driving -- a growth driver for your Etch business. Is there a way you can kind of quantify how industry transition to 3D could potentially benefit the silicon etch market? And any way you can quantify in terms of increased number of steps or anything like that?
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that when you look at the time frame that these new 3D architectures are going to come to market, we're talking about three to five years depending upon whether you're talking logic or you're talking NAND. So I mean we're not talking about things that are going to be really resulting in significant revenue gains in the short term. I think the comment that we're making is that the difficulty in getting performance and yield at next-generation-plus semiconductor devices is quite challenging for our customers. And so, when you look at capital intensity that has jumped up significantly from the 40-nanometer node to the 28-nanometer node, which will increase again at the 20-nanometer node, I think it's a reasonable expectation that with the complexities involved with thin sets [ph] and vertical transistors and NAND and then ultimately other new transistors and new materials being entered introduced in DRAM, that there's going to be some significant spending relative to the need for very critical etch capability. We've already seen that the trend where dielectric etch was moving to 60%, and maybe even for some periods it was 65% of total etch market. We think by the second half of 2010, that Silicon segment, the Conductor segment is, probably now operating pretty dog on close to 50% of the total etch market. And I think that's that trend will probably stay pretty stable in that arena. But there is a potential that it could continue to grow, depending upon what kinds of materials ultimately are used in terms of barriers and metal hard masks and what are the etch rates and how many chambers on a dedicated basis will have to be used. But I think that -- we talk about what's going on at the 14-nanometer node, really, as a function of driving recognition of the customer facing and the R&D activity that's going on that's much greater than what would normally have occurred.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Steve. Just a couple of questions. Number one, if you look at your NAND shipments in March and probably what they'll end up being in June, if you take that run rate, do you think that's good enough to sustain an $8 billion investment in NAND this year? Or do you think there should be a snap back in the second half?
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that when we look at the March activity, certainly, it was strong for NAND. It will be stronger in June. But when you look at what's being requested, there still will be a strong September, potentially, September being stronger than March, and December is looking pretty strong already. And we're a long way off from December. And so, NAND might be more balanced in terms of kind of a 50-50 type shipment profile. But really, at this point in the year, that could change, but that's kind of how it's playing out right now.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. You also alluded to the fact that the silicon etch market should grow at a faster growth rate than the dielectric market this year. I'm kind of trying to figure out what it means for Lam Research, given the fact that you guys are already probably 2/3 of the silicon etch market, how will you know the income into the incremental share gains from here going forward?
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that, clearly, our strongest market share is in the silicon-based applications. And so, as silicon increases its growth rate, then that just contributes to an even greater overall contribution to our etch market share. And we believe we're in the very high 60% relative to silicon, and we are right in the high 30s or 40% for dielectric. I think both markets are very important. But clearly, we benefited from strategic orientation relative to capturing very high market share with a lot of the new applications in the middle of the line. Certainly, in NAND, has double patterning has emerged, and we're using our conductor tools for that, that has been beneficial to us. And so, I think that over the next couple of years, you will continue to see our etch market share increment up, certainly from an application's win basis. Exactly what it is year-over-year, we'll sometimes fluctuate as a function of which customers are spending to what percentage of the served available market. But at the end of the day, we can't control that. What we can control is continuing to win new applications and grow the overall potential for our market share going forward.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Thanks for taking my question. Steve, going back to your earlier commentary regarding the comeback in the second half, and especially considering the fact that maybe some of these pushout or marginal weakness has come from foundries, how can I reconcile that with the lead times and how foundries have to manage their capacity for the second half, assuming that they would have their most weight per shipment in Q3 in advance of the holiday season? And as they exit the year, obviously, they're going to have less wafer shipment, and to that extent, why should they procure more equipment when the realization rate could come under pressure exiting this year?
Stephen Newberry: Well, that's a good question, and the answer is potentially very complicated, because when you look at foundry and logic, you have to recognize that in the December quarter, there was a very significant output of shipments into the industry. And that's clearly being absorbed right now and being converted to output largely 65 and 40-nanometer related. I think that when you look at what the foundries are going to do later in the year, there will clearly be, I think, an increased investment at 40, as some customers of the foundries are indicating that they would like to move perhaps a little faster from 90 and 65 to the 40-nanometer node. And so, the foundries have to kind of rationalize how many wafer starts am I running at which technology node. And so sometimes, they have to kind of rethink and replan. The other thing that I think will be a major reason for high level of spending in the second half of the year, at least in terms of dollars, is that a lot of the wafer starts that will be purchased in the second half will be targeted for 32-nanometer and 28-nanometer. And the cost per 10,000 wafer starts at that technology node is somewhere around $1 billion for 10,000 wafer starts versus, if you're adding 40-nanometer, you're probably spending 850, maybe 750. It kind of depends whether it's 45 or 40. But capital intensity, as a 32, 28 is significantly higher. And so, when you look at the spending that will occur in the second half, a significant portion of that is for 30 to 28 node, and it's expensive.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And then just one question for Ernie. Any particular reason why DSOs went up by 9 days?
Ernest Maddock: They were essentially flat, Mehdi, and that's really a function of, that Steve spoke of earlier, the shipment pattern for the quarter where many of the shipments were occurred in the last 30 to 45 days in the quarter, and anything that ships within that time is not collectible.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company: Thanks for picking the question. First, a follow-up on the previous line of question regarding the foundries. You commented that you did see some foundry pushouts, but you expect that some of them could come back in the second half of the year. What node has pushed out right now? And is it going to be the same technology node in the stock or a different node?
Stephen Newberry: Well, that clearly varies by customer, and I'm not going to address that specifically, because of customer confidentiality reasons. And so, you'd really have to ask them, but I mean we've got a variety of customers. They're running volume production on typically, I mean, three nodes. And so, it varies across the board depending upon which customers you're talking about. And I think, really, if you go back and look at how much was shipped into Foundry Logic in December, it was extremely high. For us, it was about 60% of our shipments. There was still a significant amount of shipment activity in the foundry logic arena for March. And it's not unusual that after a couple of quarters of really significant shipments, you kind of have a quarter of -- we've got to absorb all this stuff. We have to get it all started up. We've got to get it in production. We've got to get it yielding, and that's certainly a part of kind of what I see going on in foundry. And it's why I think that when we talk to our customers about what they're doing and what they expect to be doing in the second half that I'm confident that we'll see a strong Foundry Logic spending environment in the second half.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company: My follow-up is based on your new -- the new makeup of wafer fab equipment in 2011 that you guys are working off of, what's changed? Is there served available market for your clean products between 2010 and 2011?
Stephen Newberry: I think that as the logic sector continues to move more and more wafer starts to 40 and then to 30 to 28, I think what we're seeing is, we believe that the single-wafer clean market is probably going to grow 20% to 25% next year. We expect that our Clean division will grow greater than that, as a reflection of the market share wins from last year and early this year that will manifest itself in shipments, and I think that it's going to grow. It may be the fastest segment that we'll see in terms of growth over '10 and '11, because logic is very much a single-wafer, clean-oriented environment and becoming even more so. But there are also opportunities as conversions starts to pick up in NAND and DRAM, and that contributes to the growth rate of the clean market.
Benedict Pang - Caris & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup.
Wenge Yang - Oppenheimer: This is Wenge Yang for Tim. Thank you for taking my question. Recently, there is a lot of discussion on the readiness of EUV for the next couple of nodes. Could you comment on what does EUV impact on after market, and specifically for Lam's for the silicon etch products?
Stephen Newberry: The impact for EUV on silicon etch. Well, I think when people talk about EUV, it's similar to talking about new fits and structures and other 3D. It's a significant ways out. And we've done the modeling relative to when EUV, and if EUV is introduced, how many layers is it going to be applied to and how many double-patterning type of solution orientations will then reduce down into one. And the reality is by the time EUV gets introduced, there are going to be such a significant number of additional etch steps that would have been added as a function of the metal hard masks, other structures that are going to require additional etches to be able to execute that we believe that the impact of EUV is, at worst case, neutral and as a function of architectures. And when it will be did introduced, I would expect that we'll be shipping more etch dollars per 10,000 wafer start at that time than we do today by a fair amount.
Wenge Yang - Oppenheimer: That's helpful. Just a quick follow-up. TSMC is discussing 450-millimeter fab in 2013 timeframe, what's the plan on 450? Thank you.
Stephen Newberry: Well, we will and we have committed to our customers that as they define what it is they would like to do with 450-millimeter, that we will do what we need to do, and we'll be in position to support them. And so, we engage in discussions with a number of customers about it, and I think our technology roadmap is well-aligned to what customers are asking us to do.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with a Arete Research.
Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research Services LLP: Thanks for taking my question. Two questions, Steve. If I look at the third-party estimates for etch markets as a percentage of W feed, it popped up nicely to 15% last year. So do you think that, that trend could continue for this year? And I have a brief follow-up.
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think my advice would be is to take with a high degree of suspicion, the inputs that to get from some of the third parties that etch is 15%. I think our analysis and others who actually are in this business would say that it's closer to 13%, maybe -- may have been 13.5%, but for the most part, 13%. I think that percentages can also be deceiving, because as a number of logic companies have commented that once you go to 28 and 22, that litho becomes extremely expensive. And so, etch as a percent may actually drop. But etch on an absolute basis for every 10,000 wafer starts will actually increase. And so, maybe an example would be for 10,000 wafer starts, at 65-nanometer, you probably had to spend $65 million in etch. And that was 12.5% to 13% of that $600-or-so-million that you spend or $550 million you spend at 65-nanometer. If you have to spend around $1 billion at 28-nanometer, etch might fall to 12% to 12.5%, but that means you're going to spend $120 million to $125 million for those 10,000 wafer starts. And so, from the standpoint of increased business for us, it's going to be clearly there. And so, I think you're looking at percentages can be deceiving.
Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research Services LLP: And just a follow-up. Given that you have your PC growth that you have set at about 11%, do you believe that shipments in DRAM could show an uptick from current levels for you, I mean, meaningfully in the second half? Thanks.
Stephen Newberry: I think that if the corporate refresh cycle decides to get more aggressive and accelerate, if investments in enterprise come up and, certainly, if we see that the Consumer PC segment, whether it's in the kind of established countries or we see some acceleration is emerging. And clearly, there's a potential that more capacity will have to be added in DRAM. But we'll just have to see how that is, and we think we've kind of positioned this based on our conversation with customers that people are being relatively prudent, relatively conservative, and we'll see where it goes as the year plays out.
Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research Services LLP: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us here today. As a reminder, the audio replay will be available on our website later this afternoon, and that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation's March 2011 Quarterly Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T Conferencing.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-01-26 23:42:26) =====
Executives: Shanye Hudson - Investor Relations Steve Newberry - Chief Executive Officer Ernest Maddock - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Steve Chin - UBS Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research Ben Pang - Caris & Company Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2010 quarterly results conference call. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam. 
Shanye Hudson :  Thank you, Jeremy. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Lam Research Corporations quarterly conference call. Joining me today are Steve Newberry, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board, and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Ernie will first discuss the financial results for the December 2010 quarter. Steve will then share Lams business outlook for the March 2011 quarter before opening up the call for Q&A. The press releasing detailing our financial results was distributed by business wire shortly after 1:00PM this afternoon and is also available on our website at lamresearch.com.  Todays call contains certain forward looking statements including those related to our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, earnings per share, and cash generation as well as other statements of the companys expectations, beliefs, and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the supplied package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed 10K form with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  All forward looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00PM and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow. With that I will turn the call over to Ernie. 
Ernest Maddock:  Thank you, Shanye. Lam delivered an outstanding close to 2010. In the December quarter, Lam delivered strong cash flow, record shipments, record revenues, and record earnings per share. The December quarter performance extends to the year as Lams full calendar year revenue, earnings per share, shipments, and operating cash flows all set record levels as well. This performance reflects the companys continued progress in market share and ongoing enhancement of our business model.  Turning to the specifics, shipments for the December quarter were 892 million, up 10% from the September quarter. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows. 65 nanometer and bellow applications represented 88% of total system shipments. VRAM and NAND memory each represented 19% of total system shipments, with other memory comprising 2% making the total memory segment 40% of system shipments. Foundry customers accounted for 38% of system shipments while logic and others constituted the balance of 22%. December quarter revenues were approximately $871 million exceeding the high end of our guidance range. This represents a sequential increase of 8% over the prior quarter and reflects strength in all product lines particularly our single-wafer clean products.  Ongoing gross margin was 46.8% which is aligned with our guidance range for the quarter. December quarter ongoing operating expenses were $166 million sequentially up $8 million. This increase is driven by continued investments in both core and customer specific R&D programs in support of our market share expansion. Ongoing operating income was $241 million reflecting a 10% growth over the September quarter and resulted in an ongoing operating margin of 27.7% which is at the high end of our guidance range.  Our ongoing tax rate for the December quarter was 10.3% somewhat lower than we had expected primarily due to the favorable impact of the federal R&D tax credit extension which affected both the September and the December quarters. In addition to the benefit reflected in our ongoing December quarter tax rate, our US gap net income was further favorably impacted by $4.8 million R&D tax credit related to the prior fiscal year bringing our December quarter gap tax rate down to 8.4%. Going forward we would expect an overall fiscal year tax rate in the low teens.  For the December quarter, our ongoing diluted EPS was $1.74 based on a share count of approximately $125 million. About $0.13 of the difference between this result and the $1.55 guidance midpoint was generated from our strong operating performance, and the remainder was primarily attributable to lower taxes.  Turning to the balance sheet, our crash and short term investments including restricted cash and investments totaled $1.2 billion. In December, we generated $186 million in cash from operations, and there were no share purchases under our existing board authorization.  For the calendar year 2010, Lam generated $716 million in cash from operations representing 24% of overall revenue. Accounts receivable days outstanding were 72 days, up from 59 days in the September quarter and reflect minor timing differences related to year end customer payment.  Inventory returns were 5.6, up from the September quarter end performance of 5.1.  At the end of the quarter, differed revenue was $223 million and as usual excludes shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. The revenue value for these shipments totaled $48 million. Non tax expenses include among other items 13 million for equity compensation and 19 million for depreciation and amortization. Capital expenditures were 38 million and our employee headcount at December end was approximately 3,400.  As we go forward, our focus will be on leveraging available market opportunities by increasing our investments in both field based customer solutions and core R&D programs. In addition, we expect to build upon 2010s strong cash generation by delivering even higher levels of operating cash flow performance. The collective management capability of the company will be focused on the successful execution of these objectives. With that Ill turn it over to Steve for his comments. 
Steve Newberry:  Thank you, Ernie. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our call today. As our financial results indicated, Lam ended the calendar year of 2010 on a very strong note. Youll recall that 2010 began with a lot of uncertainty about the level of spending for wafer fab equipment. As I now reflect back on the year in which that spending progressively strengthened, Im very pleased by the number of financial firsts that Lam achieved.  For the first time, we surpassed the $3 billion mark in both shipments and revenue. We achieved a record $5.35 in earnings per share and the record level of cash from ops that Ernie mentioned in his comments. All of these achievements and more represent significant milestones in our companys history. This outstanding performance in a year of wafer fab equipment spending recovery demonstrates our ability to executive against our goal of delivering increasing revenue, earnings, and cash growth cycle to cycle. The achievement of our aggressive 2010 market share targets was a significant enabler of these financial firsts. In Etch we ended the year with approximately 54% market share making Lam the first and only company to achieve more than 50% share in the highly competitive Etch space. In single-wafer clean, we grew our market share position to nearly 30% as our differentiated drawing technology and process expertise bolstered our penetration into the new front of the line memory and foundry logic applications while defending and increasing our position in our traditional back end of the line and backside cleaning segments.  Looking to 2011, the industry consensus view for wafer fab equipment spending now falls within a range of flat to up 10%, even some at up to 20% above 2010 spending levels, which we estimate was approximately $28.5 billion to $29 billion. Our current view which is based on both inputs from our customers as well as internal analysis suggests that the current consensus views are reasonable given a 3% to 3.5% worldwide GDP growth. Having said that, industry consensus forecast looked reasonable. The reality in this industry is that forecasting future wafer fab equipment spending is essentially impossible. When spending is up, it frequently goes up higher than expected. When spending declines, it usually worse than expected. So I dont know what it will actually be in 2011, but I am confident that barring a major global economic dislocation there will be solid spending for wafer fab equipment in 2011 and Lam Research will do very well in that environment.  Lets take a look now at some of the major components of wafer fab spending expected in 2011. The demand for tablet devices and smart phones is continuing to strengthen. We now expect tablet sales to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million units this year with a potential to grow another 15% to 20% depending on the success of the new devices that are in the market. This bodes well for the NAND flash market where we are currently estimating big growth in the range of 85% to 95%, and we expect that NAND manufacturers will respond to this growth and demand by increasing new wafer start capacity by more than 200,000 wafer starts per month and executing technology conversion upgrades of another 400,000 wafer starts per month. Spending for NAND is expected to grow by a 25% to 30% in 2011 over 2010. This is a good situation for Lam Research as our market share in NAND is very strong. Looking at DRAM despite relative weakness from the consumer segment, were currently projecting PC growth in the range of 12% to 14% this year as the corporate refresh cycle progresses.  In addition to this unit growth, we expect average PC content to go from 3.3 gigabytes per box to 4.4 gigabytes and are currently forecasting big growth of in the range of 50% to 55%. At this level of big growth, we expect manufacturers will need to add approximately 125,000 new wafer starts per month as well as new technology conversions on 450,000 wafer starts per month. Spending in 2011 for DRAM then is expected to decline from 2010 by 15% to 20%.  In the foundry space, continued growth in tablet companies, logic IDMs increasing the use of foundries, and the often commented upon heated competition at the advanced technology notes will drive increased spending this year. We expect pure play foundries will need to add approximately 130,000 to 150,000 new wafer starts per month to capacity to meet this years demand. It remains to be seen whether additional wafer fab equipment spend will occur as a result of foundry players positioning for market share and wanting to put capacity in place ahead of demand. Spending for foundry is expected to grow 25% to 30% in 2011 versus 2010.  For the IT manufacturing industry in general, we see capital intensity increasing across all market segments with the move to 2X technology note and below. We would expect this trend to continue for a number of years as customers deal with the complex technological challenges associated with new memory device architectures and new materials and new architectures in advanced logic as well as rising investments related to an eventual transition to 450mm.  As has always been the case, Lam Research will invest the necessary resources across all dimensions of our business to ensure that we successful meet our customers technology, and productivity requirements. Considering our proven track record of technology and operational leadership, Im excited about these opportunities. I believe Lam is in an excellent position to further strengthen our market position going forward. In 2010, we won 9 new applications in single-wafer clean and netted 15 new application wins in Etch which will support market share growth in 2011 and 2012. In the coming months, we will share with you our progress on application market share growth during 2011 which will form the basis of our ship share performance in future years.  As Ernie already mentioned, our focus in 2011 in addition to supporting our customer technology and productivity needs will be on strong cash generation. We have the potential to achieve around 1 million in cash from operations if wafer fab equipment spending grows 10% or more in 2011 versus 2010.  Moving on to the March quarter, our guidance is as follows: shipments of 820 million plus or minus 20 million, revenues of 800 million plus or minus 20 million, gross margin at 45.5% plus or minus 1%, operating profit at 23.5% plus or minus 1%, and earnings of $1.30 per share plus or minus $0.07 per share. With that Ernie and I will take your questions. 
Operator:  Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital. 
C.J. Muse:  First question, Steve, as we heard from you in late 2010, you were suggesting that shipments in the first half of 11 would look pretty similar to the second half of 10. With the uptick we saw above the high end of your guidance in Q4, does that still hold? Can you update us on what your thoughts are there? 
Steve Newberry: I think when we look at what the customers are saying they want to do, obviously for the March quarter theyre taking less shipments than the December quarter and theyre indicating that theyre going to want to take a higher level of shipments in June which will result in I think us being pretty close to flat plus or minus a few percentage points. I have to see how that plays out but first half of 2011 looks pretty flat to the shipment rates of second half of 2010. 
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar -- Credit Suisse. 
Satya Kumar:  Firstly on logic, it looks like your revenues are up over 140% sequentially. I guess its the highest level that Ive seen in four years. I was wondering if you can talk about whats driving the increase in logic shipments, whether there are share gains at any large logic customers and new products like Etch. Secondly, within the Etch group, I was wondering if you could talk to market share expectations in 2011 given the increase in spending mix we expect from microprocessor in 2011 and some of your competitors coming up with higher productivity Etch systems recently.
Steve Newberry:  Well, as we have commented for quite a long time, our market share in logic is essentially very much the same as our market share in memory. So as logic and foundry moved up as a stronger percent of total spending that our market share would track right along with that. When we look at the market share gains that we made in 2009 and early 2010 that resulted in shipments, we were certainly successful in both Etch and Clean and increasing our market share in logic and foundry. So while many are kind of concerned about the fact that DRAM spending may be down 15% to 20% -- more than offset by the way by the increase in NAND spending -- the increase in foundry logic spending will certainly allow Lam Research to hold our market share and grow our market share quite well.  Relative to Etch market share as a function of those 15 net wins, we would expect that we would pick up two to three market share points in a normalized year in 2011 but certainly with the increase in microprocessor spending by Intel where we dont have an Etch presence there will somewhat be an offset to that. If the year plays out as some are forecasting, somewhere in the 2.5% range, so with our market share growth well probably just neutralize all of that.  In Clean, were continuing the momentum in 2011 that we established in 2011, so I would expect were going to see a growth in market share in Clean coming off of those wins that I mentioned in comments. So overall I think that we have an opportunity to grow a little faster than wafer fab equipment in 2011 with our market share strength. 
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Patrick Ho:  Two questions on the Clean business. First, your margins performance continues to be strong. On a qualitative basis, can you give a little color on some of the variables, the levers on the wet clean business that have allowed you to basically perform better than most discrete expectations? Secondly, in terms of the single wafer clean wins that you mentioned, can you just give a percentage basis of what it was on the customer concentration of spending, the gains in the back end of the line, gains in the front of the line? What were the biggest drivers this year past year?
Steve Newberry:  I think as we had commented about our efforts in single wafer clean, were to re-architecture the option architecture. We were able to largely complete that activity and, as a function of that, then increase our ability to outsource various assemblies and modules, which we were aggressively in pursuit of. So later in the year as those activities began to flow through the factory and ship out the door and manifest themselves in revenue, we saw an increase in margin which is what we expected. As we go forward in 2011, we will continue to focus on option architecture improvements. Well continue to focus on expanding our supplier base in terms of their involvement in supporting our Clean activities. The Clean market as a whole is going to grow faster than wafer fab equipment in 2011. So that gives us an opportunity for that segment of our basis to grow stronger. Then if you add additional market share gains, we get an additional accelerated bump. I think well deliver stronger margins in 2011 for single wafer clean than 2010.  As it relates to -- what was it?
Ernie : Application.
Steve Newberry: 
-- oh, the wins and losses: Today we probably ship about 60% of our products into logic and about 40% into memory. Certainly logic remains critically important because with the number of layers involved in a logic chip its a bigger market for Clean as a function of that. But we were pleased with the progress that we made in front of the line application penetrations as well as defending our traditional back end of the line and backside positions.  Next question, please.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar: Steve, I know you didnt want to give any specific outlook for the year in terms of wafer fab equipment, but can you give some color on do you think its going to be more front half loaded or back half loaded or how the trajectory of equipment setting is going to be? My follow-up is for Ernie. You said theres no buyback in the December quarter. Am I reading too much into it or is there any thought process behind it? Can you also update us on how you look at the excess cash you have?
Steve Newberry:  Ill talk about shipments and Ernie will talk about the use of cash, buybacks, et cetera. So the first question was where were the first half shipments relative to second half of 2010? We think the second half of 2010 that the shipments represented a $31 billion wafer fab equipment spending level and because I think that the shipments for the first half are going to flattish, theres a $31 billion run rate there. Depending upon if youre of the mindset that spending is going to be up 10%, then youre going to see the second half be pretty flat. If you think spending is going to move up 15% or even 20%, then the second half shipments are going to have to grow right along with that. So the run rate of the second half would have to be $34 billion or $35 billion if youre going to end up the year at $32 billion or $33 billion in total spending.  The important thing that we look at is this year is likely to be a reasonably stable environment. Were all used to either rocket shooting up 150%, 200% plus in one year, like we saw in 2010, or retrenching like we did in 2008 and 2009. So 2011 represents a reasonably stable year with different quarters being up and down and its one of the reasons why you hear us talk about were going to really focus on consolidating our gains, investing very closely with our customers, reinforcing that the decisions that they made to buy more Etch equipment and clean equipment from us was a good decision and were also going to take advantage that in a stable environment our ability to generate higher levels of cash flow is much easier than when youre in a rapidly accelerating revenue environment.
Ernest Maddock :  Krish, this is Ernie. Relative to your question, you shouldnt really read any significance into the no share repurchas, so nothing has changed from our perspective. We have authorizations in place and the necessary structure in place to execute at the pricing we feel is appropriate for a company that can only be a buyer of our shares and not a seller. Were going to continue to execute on that as weve planned. So nothing significantly changed this quarter versus our prior plans. 
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin - UBS. 
Stephen Chin:  Just a question on the continued investment in the operating expenses; how should we think about modeling OpEx as it goes through 2011? Should we continue to model OpEx up equally across both R&D and SG&A? Then I think when you talk about increasing investment in field based support, are you trying to increase Lams traditional services sales? Is that one of the goals?
Steve Newberry:  So I think its a little misleading in terms of the classification between selling and marketing expense and R&D because we would classify things like evaluations and a lot of the field based work that we do with our customers' ends up beings in our sales and marketing expense. So really you should think about the totality of those investments as R&D work whether its done here in the facility or whether its done closer to the customer. So there are just some classification differences that take place, so we are not ramping what I think most people would consider traditional sales and marketing expenses as it might appear on the face of the P&L.  I think it is reasonable over the course of the coming few quarters to model in that continued investment. We recognize that its going to be important to both secure the gains that we have as well as do the necessary planning and preparation work for sustaining market share gains that Steve referred to earlier. So we do think that over the course of the coming year you will see some moderate increase in operating expenses that will level out probably sometime mid-year or so. 
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik:  Steve, which innings are we in for NAND spending? If I look at your NAND shipments, were still 40% below what we saw in 2006, 2007. Then, I have a follow-up. 
Steve Newberry:  So youre asking who is doing the spending? 
Atif Malik:  No. Which innings would you think we are in terms of NAND spending? Are we just in third or fourth inning? Or the level of NAND orders, does it surprise you that your NAND orders are still quite far below the levels that you saw in 2006 and 2007 with so many demand drivers in front of us? 
Steve Newberry:  When I look at the increase in NAND shipments, I think its going to go up to about $8 billion. If I go back in 2007, which was a pretty strong NAND spending year, from our analysis we think they spent about $6.1 billion, $4.3 billion in 2008 and probably $1.8 billion in 2009. So I think this $8 billion probably would represent a higher investment in NAND capacity expansion than in prior years. I think that that makes sense as the industry's consolidated. But the total demand for NAND on a unit basis is going to grow 1 billion units to kind of contrast the DRAM. I mean, DRAM units are going to grow 1 billion. So the absolute rate of units that are growing for NAND is, right now, equal to DRAM. But because of the lower base of install base capacity, the investment in NAND is going to have to include more new wafer starts, which are much more expensive and 400,000 something wafer starts of conversion, which while less expensive than DRAM conversion would still represent a lot of money having to be spent.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok - Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok:  My first questions relate to just touch on DRAM and maybe relate it to Clean. I notice that both shipment for Clean and DRAM was down the last quarter. I suspect that they will come in sync with each other. I was just curious. Is that any pushed out related ad? Or was it just customer reducing spending? Do you expect that to pick up in the first half of 2011?
Steve Newberry:  Well, we pretty much expected and I think we talked in our prior earnings call that memory in the calendar December quarter was going to decline as a percent of the total. I think you always get some interesting behavior in the last calendar quarter of the year as some customers are trying to pool in and get a head start on having available capacity relative to what their competitors are doing. Some customers tend to decide that they've spent enough capital. Sometimes they'll push out. The December quarter tends to have a lot of ins and outs and that's pretty normal. As we go forward in the year, I think that the percentage of memory is going to come up from the 40% that we saw ship in the December quarter. Probably for the first half I would expect that to be somewhere around 45% of the total. I think that where we're going to see the other 60% is going to be certainly a strong foundry investment for the first half but also a very strong spending in other advanced logic IBM players.
Edwin Mok:  Then a couple follow-ups related to the Clean market. You mentioned you have nine application wins. Anyway you can quantify how much of that came from memory versus logic and where are they all leading at 22 nanometer or anything related to that?
Steve Newberry:  Well, earlier there was a question about that and I talked about the focus being on the front end of the line. There's both logic and memory wins there. I don't want to specifically quantify that because I'd like to keep certain aspects of those wins as confidential as possible for as long as possible. But it's front end of the line and it's both logic and memory related.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup. 
Timothy Arcuri:  Two things; first of all, I just wanted some clarification on that question on the buyback. I wasn't sure I understood the answer. Ernie, are you saying the stock just wasn't at a price where you thought that you wanted to be a buyer? Was that the answer? Then the second question is really on your shipped share, which I know that I'm mixing the service in here. But if I take your shipments and I compare that relative to a $12 billion wafer fab equipment market in 2009 and I take your shipments this year and I compare it against the $28.5 billion wafer fab equipment market, it's about the same market share. It's like 10.8% to 10.9% in both '09 and 2010. Is there something happening there? Is that an Intel effect? Because Etch seems to be growing faster than the market and you're definitely getting share in clean, so I'm sort of wondering what your view is on that.
Ernie Maddock:  Tim, I'll take the share buyback. The reality is the share price didn't hit the triggers that we had in our repurchase plan. So, therefore, no repurchases occurred.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello: Steve, I know you talked about the number of new wafer starts that you project coming online. How many new fabs does that represent for this year? Then do you have an early view on how many new fabs that you could forecast out as we look into next year?
Steve Newberry:  So, Jim, I'll answer that question but since we didn't get a chance to answer the second part of Tim's I'll do that as well if it's okay. Relative to ship share, very definitely the makeup of the $12 billion in 2009 was light on Etch and was certainly Intel's spending as a percent was strong. So we definitely benefitted from a lower spending as a percent of the total in terms of Intel's contribution. But we also benefitted that Etch went up from probably a 12% to 12.5% of WFE to, I think, in 2010 probably pretty close to 14%. That's one element. Then we benefitted that single wafer clean mix has changed as we've gone forward, although Clean, because a lot of investment to convert to single wafer was done by some of the single wafer-oriented companies, Clean actually grew slightly less in 2010 than the wafer fab equipment market in full. But our market shares in Clean was able to offset that and even benefit Lam. So, also, I think that when you look at what our revenue was, the customer service business was a dramatically higher level in 2009. So when you take the $12 billion, which is just for systems and used equipment, and you divide the $12 billion by the $1.2 billion that we were in revenue, you get an incorrect number because now the customer service business is less than 20% whereas in 2009 it was probably 40%, 45% or something like that. So that's how you get the market share growth when you have fundamentally a similar percent but the mix is very different. So, Jim, our look at new fabs is there's 12 to 13 new fabs that are going to take shipments this year. There's 16 fabs out there that are somewhere under construction. Some have been completed. Some of the ones that have completed are taking shipments. Some of the completed ones are really just kind of going to wait for a while. But clearly we have a number of fabs that will take shipments for the first time in 2011. It looks like probably six to seven fabs will take their first deliveries in 2011. Next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research.
Jagadish Iyer:  Two questions, the first question is last [time you called] you had laid out a scenario for $31 billion to $32 billion in WFE with $6 in EPS. The question is, with Intel being such a big portion on the WFE spend, are you still holding with the $6 in EPS please?
Steve Newberry:  Yes, that's a good question. Certainly when we laid out that model we didn't have Intel factored in at that high of spending and at that high a percentage. So that will present somewhat of a challenge for us. But when we look at our various plans that roll up against various scenarios, I think that we continue to have, even with a mix ship, we have a good opportunity to deliver that $6, even with Intel changing as a percent. But, like anything else, it's not just Intel in terms of what their percent is. It's what's the percent that other customers will ultimately end up being and what's our share with them? So it's definitely going to be more challenging. But we expect to be very much in that vicinity if the spending levels rise to that level.
Jagadish Iyer:  Yes, and the follow-up would be how do you break up between the silicon and the dielectric and the metal market in terms of year-over-year growth please?
Steve Newberry:  I think we've seen an acceleration of conductor becoming a bigger percent of wafer fab equipment spending for Etch. I think that if you go back to '08 and '09, you saw that the dielectric segment was probably 58%, 56% and conductors come up from about 42% in '08. We think it's about 50%, 50% right now. So, clearly, that's been beneficial to our market share gain because we have a higher market share in the conductor segment than we do in dielectric.
Shanye Hudson:  Next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ben Pang - Caris & Company.  
Ben Pang:  Two questions; one, a follow-up on a previous question -- If you look at the Etch growth rate up to wafer fab equipment in 2011, which one of those segments do you expect to grow the fastest? Can you kind of give some color around what the growth rates are? The second question is if you look at the qualification activities that you expect in 2011, is that at a similar level as 2010 in terms of the number of application wins that are possible for both Etch and [Wafer] Clean?
Steve Newberry:  Well, the Etch segment growth rates for 2011, we're still really in the process of trying to quantify those activities. I don't think they're going to be substantially any different in terms of the ratio of conductor to dielectric. I think that, clearly, the trend that has caused conductor to come up it's going to manifest itself in continued volume output because those are the technology nodes that customers are ramping right now. So I would not expect that we'll see that much of a difference in 2011. As it relates to -- what was the second part of the question? Sorry.
Shanye Hudson:  Can you repeat the second part of the question please?
Operator:  One moment; I cleared his line. Let me get him back.
Steve Newberry:  So I think the question may have been what do we expect the growth rate to be for single wafer clean? We look at 2011 as a reacceleration year. We think that single wafer clean is likely to grow somewhere between 25% and 30% year over year. So, depending upon what scenario you want to pick for WFE, I think that we have an opportunity to see our Clean shipments increase as a function of a rising tide and then in addition as a function of picking up some market share gains in 2011. We haven't quantified how many application wins that we're going to forecast because the year has just started. We haven't forecasted them for '11 in Etch or for Clean. But as we go forward, whether we're at investor conferences or on future conference calls, as we have always done, we will continue to keep the financial community updated on the progress we're making relative to new application wins in both Etch and Clean.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini:  Steve, going back to your earlier comment, I guess in order for shipment to hold up in the second half we have to hit the high end of that double-year fee growth range of flat up 10%, correct?
Steve Newberry:  Yes, I think since the run rate -- the second half of '10 was about $31 billion. I think the run rate for the first half looks to be very close to $31 billion. So if we're flat for the rest of the year, then we would be up basically 8%, 10%, depending upon which number you want to use. That's why I said that. When you look at a consensus forecast, you've got some people at flat, you've got some people up 5% or 10% and you even have some people that suggest the spending will be up 20%, which would get you closer to a $34 billion-type of level. So we'll just have to see how that plays out. That's why I kind of said almost any range you pick, unless we have some major financial dislocation that really dries up the capital flows and the demand and all of that, that we're going to really be focused this year on consolidating the gains that we've made and rewarding the trust that our customers have demonstrated to us, position ourselves for the next generation of new memory architectures and new logic materials and new logic architectures over the next two generations. In this kind of environment, while there may be a slight decline that Ernie talked about in terms of the operating margin performance, depending upon what the spending environment actually turns out to be, we're going to really focus on cash generation because in these kinds of stabilized environments we can be up in the high 20s, in the low 30s as a percent of revenue and cash generation. Really, at the end of the day, I think our shareholders want to see that strong cash generation. They want to see the investment in our continuous pursuit of technology and productivity solutions for our customers.
Mehdi Hosseini:  Just as a follow-up, when would you expect you would stop shipping to GlobalFoundries, the New York new fab, assuming that you have some exposure there?
Steve Newberry:  One of the things that customers have requested from us and others in the industry is to keep confidential the information they communicate to us relative to what their plans are in terms of delivery. So I think the best way to get that answer is to ask GlobalFoundries what they want to say about when they are going to take shipments and begin operation in their multifab.
Mehdi Hosseini:  Let me rephrase that. Do you think -- in your opinion, do you think there is minimal risk to the $5.5 billion CapEx that they have put out there? Or how would you compare that to a spending that the UMC in Taiwan semi used to have been around for a long time? How would you compare the downside as to these kind of CapEx guidances between the Taiwanese and GlobalFoundries?
Steve Newberry:  One of the things I've learned over my 31 years in this industry is that the minute you think you may know what customers could do they will absolutely prove you wrong. So the reality is there's always risk associated with any forecast that customers give you. Sometimes the risk is on the downside. Some of the risk is they're going to spend even more. So I really couldn't tell you. I mean, we, fortunately, are a company that does business with every semiconductor company that's involved in this industry. As a function of that, what we focus on is if the demand is growing and we understand how the supply is matching up with that demand, somebody is going to go and fill that demand and exactly how it's going to turn out; in terms of who ends up spending more and who ends up spending less, way too difficult to predict.
Operator:  Thank you. Yur next question comes from the line of Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank.
Peter Kim:  I wanted to ask about the operating improvements, company model improvements, and [Wafer] Clean. Obviously, [Wafer] Clean is going to grow 25% to 30% this year. It will probably be a larger mix of your overall revenues. I was wondering, if [Wafer] Clean revenues are larger, will that have a negative or positive impact on your operating margins?
Steve Newberry:  Well I think one of the things that you've seen is that our margins at the revenue levels that we're dealing with are in that low 46% to high 46%. I think that the challenge for us is as Clean ramps and becomes a bigger percentage of the total revenue that we've got to make sure we execute to the cost reduction activities that I've talked about. So our thought process relative to margins kind of reflects a recognition that even with that, the margins overall in Clean, from a gross margin standpoint, tend to be somewhat less. From a cash flow perspective, because the P&L carries various aspects of non-cash-related accounting associated with the acquisition, Clean is a nice contributor to cash flow. It's one of the reasons why we try to spend time, really, talking about cash generation while recognizing that to the extent that we can execute in the way that we'd like to, that we can potentially see improvements in our gross margin performance both as a function of doing that if the volumes increase, but also even as clean increases its percent of our total revenues.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital.
C.J. Muse:  Thinking about your OpEx, if you look at the midpoint of your revenue guidance for March relative to a pretty similar run rate in September, that's about $18 million more per quarter. So, I guess, could you help me in understanding precisely where that is going and how long we will see that in the model? If so, is this a new part of your target model?
Steve Newberry:  Well, I think that there's no question that if you go back a couple quarters that our OpEx is up in the vicinity of what you just said. It does, in fact, reflect increases in investment in both field service-based people, process engineering-based people that deal with the larger sustained volumes that we have. But, as Ernie said, we're increasing the number of people who work on a dedicated basis at a lot of these major customers because they are asking us and we're responding to the difficulties and complexities that they have when they're looking at going to the next generation devices, whether you're talking DRAM, NAND or logic chips. So, in the short term, we're going to make those investments because that's the right thing to do for our customers, it's the right thing to do for the business and for our longer-term market share growth. In a declining revenue environment, that could put a little pressure on the P&L. But, certainly, in the environment we're talking about, our cash generation is going to be better than it was in 2010. So I would expect that if we can remain at a reasonably stable 3% to 4.5% GDP environment for a couple years and the customers maintain kind of rational and well-balanced investments in terms of supply versus demand that we will likely have an opportunity to see higher revenues at some point in time in the future. I think you will see us demonstrate the ability to move our operating margins kind of back up to our 27.5% model that we've kind of said is what we're trying to achieve when we are in the higher spending phases of the cycle. So I view this as kind of maybe a demonstration that what we're not going to do, if revenues kind of slow down a little bit for a couple quarters, we're not going to try and optimize P&L performance at the expense of making what we think are the right investments for our customers, the right investments for really continuing to build the capability that the company needs. We're focused on making sure that when the spending and our market share is in the right situation and we have the ability to be a $4 billion company, we want to make sure that we can execute to that very effectively in the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. Management, I show no further questions in queue. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Shanye Hudson: I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. I'll remind you the audio replay will be available on our website later this afternoon and that concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation December 2010 quarterly results conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn - Managing Director, IR Ernie Maddock - SVP, CFO Steve Newberry - President, CEO 
Analysts: Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Stephen Chin - UBS Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Tim Evans - Citigroup Global Markets Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company Ben Pang - Caris & Company
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for standby. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2010 Quarterly Results Conference Call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this call is scheduled to conclude at 3 PM Pacific Day light time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Raeburn, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Carol Raeburn: Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here with me today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the June 2010 quarter and Steve will share our business outlook for the September 2010 quarter before opening up for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended June 27, 2010 was distributed by Business Wire shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is available on our website at Lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements including those relating to our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, and earnings per share, as-well-as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. With that I'll turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the June quarter results.
Ernie Maddock: Thank you, Carol. I'll be sharing the results of another strong quarter for the company. In June we delivered record revenue together with strong operating profits and earnings performance. Shipments for the June quarter were 694 million down approximately 5% from the record shipment levels that we reported in the March quarter. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows; Applications at 65 nanometer and below represented 96% of total system shipments. DRAM accounted for 37% of total systems shipments with NAND comprising 30% and other memory customers approximately 2% such that the total memory segment customers were 69% of system shipments. Foundry customers accounted to 23% of system shipments while logic and others were 8%. June quarter revenue was 695 million up 10% over the March quarter driven by strengthening demands for Etch and Clean products as well as related service and spare parts. On going gross margin was 46.7% up 40 basis points from the March quarter. This improvement was primarily the result of favorable product mix and initial benefits for our efforts to improve efficiencies in our Clean products business. Ongoing operating expenses for the June quarter were 152 million and included the acceleration of R&D spending on new products as well as variable compensation expenses associated with the company's higher revenue and profit levels. Ongoing operating profit was 172 million and reflects 16% growth over the March quarter resulting in ongoing operating margin of 24.8%. Other income was 3.5 million largely due to interest income and favorable impacts from currency movements. We incurred net expenses of non-ongoing nature of 16.7 million during the quarter which includes 13.3 million related to a reassessment of obligations associated with certain facility arrangements and 3.4 million related to asset impairments. Our ongoing tax rate for the June quarter was 15.3% primarily due to favorable geographic mix of operating income and adjustments related to non U.S. reserves. For the full fiscal year the ongoing tax rate was 18.8%. For the September quarter we expect an ongoing tax rate in the mid-teens and current rate projected levels of business we would expect the fiscal year 2011 tax rate to be similar. For the June quarter our ongoing EPS was a $1.17 based on account of 128 million share. Relative to our expected performance of $0.94 approximately $0.09 of the incremental EPS was generated as the result of the favorable tax rate, while the remaining $0.14 was generated from our strong operating performance. Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and short-term investments including restricted cash totaled 992 million. In June we generate 165 million in cash from operation translating to 24% of total revenue  During the June quarter we continued making share repurchases to offset dilution from employee equity plans and repurchased approximately 700,000 shares at an average price of $39.56. A portion of these shares purchased settled outside of the June quarter a will be reflected in our September quarter cash flow statement. Accounts receivables days outstanding were 65 days; a decline from 75 days in the June quarter and inventory returns was 4.7. At the end of the quarter differed revenues was 207 million and as usual exclude shipments to Japanese customer that will revenues in future reports. These shipments totaled $52 million. Non-cash expenses included among other items 12 million for equity compensation and 18 million for depreciation and amortization. Capital expenditures were 12 million and our employee headcount at June end was approximately 3,150. With that I'll turn it over to Steve for his comments.
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Ernie and thank you all for joining us on the call this afternoon. Since today's call comes close in the hills of our analyst event a couple of weeks ago with SEMICON West I will keep my comments today relatively brief. As we stated a couple of weeks ago, based on our customers' current request for shipments it looks like wafer fab equipments spending for the second half is currently at a run-rate of approximately 30 billion to 32 billion. When added to the first half run-rate of 24 billion to 26 billion, this will result in total estimated spending for calendar year 2010 of between 27 billion and 29 billion. Certainly a much stronger year than projected at the beginning of 2010. Based on conversations we have with customers' at SEMICON West, they believe that demand for IC's will remain strong for the foreseeable future and therefore most indicated they need to continue a strong level of investment to support wafer start expansion and technology conversions through at least the middle of 2011. Key drivers of demand for semiconductors appear to be broad based strength in consumer electronic as well as the beginning of a corporate refresh of both PC and IT server infrastructure. In the consumer electronic sector has been surprisingly robust despite broadly disseminated concerns of person of debt burden and a persistently higher unemployment rate in the United States. With full feature high end smartphones now containing up to $75 of semiconductor content and semiconductor content in a 64 gigabyte tablor costing more than a $150, the consumer segment is an increasingly important factor in semiconductor demand. On the corporate side we're hearing more companies planning to initiate PC refresh cycles and IT infrastructure upgrades starting in the second half of 2010, which will likely create strong demand for memory ICs, for potentially the next eight quarters or more. Despite record levels of profitability in many sector and historically high cash balances, many corporations to-date have been some cautious in initiating major technology investments. This situation appears to be changing if spending forecasts are correct. Therefore, if there is no deterioration in the macro economic environment then the corporate refresh cycle accelerates and assuming consumer electronics continues to play a significant role in the demand for semiconductors, then it would appear that 2011 is likely to be another year of strong investment and wafer fab equipment. As it relates to Lam shipment as a comparative of first half versus second half 2010, we anticipate that over the next couple of quarters we will see increased strength foundry and logic as a percent of our shipments and proportionately less of our total shipment activity coming from memory. Overall, the shipment patterns in the second half have a little less customer concentration than we saw in the first half with additional foundry, logic and memory customers taking deliveries over the next couple of quarters. However, the additional memory customers are not yet adding significant new capacity, so it appears DRAM pricing is likely to remain above manufacturer's cash cost throughout the end of the year if the demand environment remains robust. Given Lam strong market position in both memory and foundry logic, any shifts in buying between these groups over the next few quarters will have essentially now impact on our continued strong shipment and revenue performance. We are on track to meet the 8 to 10 percentage points of shipped market share for 2010 in both of our Etch and Clean businesses and we continue to achieve application wins through out calendar 2010. These application wins as we talked about at or analyst event position us for additional market share gains in future years. Our market share gains are clearly the primary driver behind Lam's ability to grow faster than the rate of increased WFE spending. This level of shipment in revenue performance also reflects the ability of our manufacturing operations to respond rapidly to our customer short lead time needs for delivery. During this period of robust new systems demand Lam's strong field operational capability has allowed us to maintain our focus on supporting the installed base needs of our customers by providing five start ups, high levels of spares and service report in addition to responding to refurbished equipment and upgrade request. These active markets support revenue streams, provide a meaningful contribution to our overall financial performance and offer more stable source of revenue throughout the cycle. Over the next several quarters our focus for the business will be on meeting the strong level of demand for LAN systems and install base support as well its continuing to focus on winning new applications and execute to our product road maps. Now turning to the September quarter our guidance is as follows; shipments of 800 and 10 million plus or minus 20 million, revenues of 790 million plus or minus 15 million, gross margin at 46 .5% plus or minus 1 percentage point, operating profit at 26% plus or minus 1 percentage point and earning $1.35 plus or minus $0.07. In closing our performance achieved Q June and our expectations for Q September performance are due in large part to the extraordinary commitment Lam Research in place have for our customers and the Company. Their willingness to go the extra mile is legendary in our industry and I would like to express my thanks and appreciation for their great work. With that Ernie and I will take your questions.
Operator: Alright, thank you sir. At this time we will begin our question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yeah hi thanks, good quarter guys. Steve I was just wondering if you had any thoughts on any outlets towards December in terms of shipments if the linearity can be maintained or not? And the shipments under the September is that above or below this 30 to 32 run rate you talked about?
Steve Newberry: The 30 billion to 32 billion run-rate it's kind of an average run-rate that we think will occur. If the customers go forward with what they are currently asking us to ship to them in the December quarter, they are asking for more shipments in December than we are out putting in September. And if that occurs then I would expect that those shipments and revenue for December would be higher. But I think that one other things everybody recognize is with lead times for most of the companies in the equipment industry is barely short. It's a pretty volatile environment when you get out three or four quarters. But that's what their telling us they want for December at this particular point in time.
Unidentified Analyst: And then the quick follow-up to that Steve, I was -- if you look at the lithography sector and look at the capacitor additions that's happening in that sector. Shipment profile for which has the longest lead time appear to be growing up middle up of next year. If that were to be the case is it reasonable to think that shipment moment continues into the first half of next year?
Steve Newberry: Well I think that as I kind of mentioned many, many times, I thin it's all about the demand. Currently we are certainly in a strong demand environment. I think if in fact the corporate refresh cycle for PC and server infrastructure accelerate as many predict, I think we're going to see memory demand continue to strength as we go forward. Clearly in the foundries they all talk about the fact that there is very strong demand at 180 and 150 nanometers as well as 65 being a very dominant node. In addition their leading edge logic companies whether they are fab like companies or foundries are taking as much 40 nanometer product as they can get their hands on and the lead times have gone out. Their expectations for a demand out of the foundries on the leading edge is that it's expected to be very sustainable through the first half of 2011. And so -- I mean there is a lot of fundamental positive signs around semiconductor demand. And if it continues to manifest it self and there is no question in my mind that they will have to continue to spend at least at the rate that we're seeing for September and December in the first half of 2011. But with the uncertainties that we have in the world today when you get that far out who knows. But there is a lot of things you could point to as to why a sustained or even growing shipment rate could occur.
Operator: Alright, thank you. Our next question is from line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot congratulations. First of on the Etch side of things, In terms of the application wins can you say how many net applications wins you had this quarter? And what are some of the specific application wins or where else can you characterize which customer segments they are coming from?
Steve Newberry: I think we had four total this quarter. Most of the application wins activity in the first half of the year have been in conductor. We have 10 net application wins to-date, total between conductor and Etch. And for a competitive reasons I am not going to detail out the specifics because at some cases our competitors don't even know yet that they have lost. But I will tell you that when you look at what's going on in the conductor space its things, its wins that are at the 28 to 32 nanometer node, both in the front end -- primarily in the front end when they are talking about conductor. When you go to dielectric again it's in the memory space, it's mostly some 4X and 3X activity and then in NAND there is some 2X activity associated with double paddling. So it's what you would expect in terms of those things that are just going into production and so we've began to ship some of those application wins. And in some cases where it relates to memory it's 3X for DRAM and 2X for NAND which I don't expect will really ship much volume until late 2010 and early 2011.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. And a follow-up question on the Clean side of things, you've been making a lot of progress on the front end as you detailed at the Analyst Day. Can you describe I guess what some of the -- what is the applications or what some of the technology process changes that are helping you gardener these wins?
Ernie Maddock: Well one of the big areas that we have been focusing on is drying technology. As you get into 3X and 2X types of environments you end up in a situation where drying becomes very critical. We've had a number of wins both in logic, but primarily in DRAM where drying has been a technical differentiator that's been benefital for us. We've also continue to expand our market share in other foundries beyond where we had application wins in the past. And we've also now began to increase our penetration wins at a number of memory companies. So that we expect by the end of the year that when we look at Clean, Clean will be about 55% of the shipment will go to logic foundry and 45% will be going to memory. And that's an encouraging improvement for us given that memory spending tends to be 50% to 55% of total wafer fab equipments spending. So we like the positive aspects of penetration in memory.
Operator: Alright, thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Great, thanks for taking my question, Steve and Ernie. Just a follow-up question on the strong September shipment guidance. What percentage of those shipments do you think will be for capacity expansion versus your technology upgrade?
Steve Newberry: We're starting to see that -- if we look at DRAM, we look at DRAM and say we think that by the end of the year will be about 150, 160,000 wafer starts per month that's pure capacity. And another 500,000 wafer starts that are a function of being converted from 6X or 7X to 5X or 4X. And early in the year most of the work was conversions. And so some of that 160,000 -- 150,000 capacity only are scheduled to ship in the second half, the bulk of it is scheduled to ship in the second half. But there are still conversion activity going on. In NAND you have kind of a similar story. There is probably a 150 to 160,000 of capacity addition. Most of that is going to be shipping in Q3 to Q4 going into the 3X and then the 2X ramp that -- the 2X ramp is going to start in the Q3, Q4 and most of that is going to be from new capacity adds.
Stephen Chin - UBS: And just a follow-up question, in Taiwan basically if you saw that the Taiwanese regulator push back at some of the application for equity rising by power chip in NAND. Do you need these second tier Taiwanese customers to stand on equipment to see WFE sustained at this $32 billion run-rate?
Ernie Maddock: Well as I commented in the call, we've started to see that the request for shipments from a broader segment of customers is coming into play. That's certainly true in memory and it's also true in foundry and logic. I think it's pretty typical that particularly in the memory space that companies that struggled from a financial standpoint and had some balance sheet issues and access to capital issues are now returning to fairly strong levels of cash flow, some doing better than others. And as a function of that we're seeing some investment in technology conversion in some of those other memory -- DRAM memory companies. I think that when you have a strong general up-turn with demand for semiconductors being very broad based. If you look at the growth in micro-controllers, if you look at the growth in analog, if you look at the growth in just regular non-advanced logic those growth rates are very strong in 2010. So that causes the other foundries and other memory logic companies to start participating. And this is what we expected and I think we'll see them participate on an ongoing basis, so I think they'll contribute to a strong WFE spending environment over the next two to for quarters would be something I have a high degree of confidence in. What happens beyond that we'll just have to see how the economies are holding up?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Peter Kim with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you very much. With regards to, your current shipments rates I've seen -- this is record pace and given that your shipments rate at this level, do you expect -- are you seeing a simpler percentage of returns business in the quarter? Or are you seeing customers booking further in advance?
Steve Newberry: Well I'd like to tell you that we're seeing a lot more customer's book in advance. But the reality is that if they don't need to they don't. One of the pluses of us having one of the fastest supply chain response capabilities in the industry is that some times customers don't actually deliver the purchase orders till late service. So the return environment is fairly high. But we basically reserve slots on the basis quotation processes. We're doing a lot of work with these customers well in advance of when they actually physically deliver the purchase order. But, if I had to say most customers are delivering purchase orders 8, 14 maybe sometime 16 weeks in advance. But they are talking to us typically six months in advance, sometimes even longer than that and giving us an idea of what they're thinking about wanting from us in terms of deliveries.
Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank: You said earlier that you were expecting the foundry and logic to be an increasing mix go forward in terms of shipment and memory becoming a little less. I was wondering if you could kind of quantify that for us. What do you think is, if the memory be less than 50% next in the September shipment quarters?
Steve Newberry: In the September quarter, as Ernie talked about, in our June quarter 69% was memory. And so what it's looking like now is that we're going to see memory in the September time frame drop to I think it's about 50%. What's going to happen in December is something that's -- in September probably 57, but it's dropping down from 69. And so in December, I mean the problem that we have is if we were sitting here three months ago on our conference call for September, our September shipment demand went up about 35% from the conference call that was one month into the June quarter and by the time the June quarter ended September shipments had increased 35%. And so with the concentration of customers I couldn't tell you exactly how it's going to play out for December. But my senses is that it's going to be very strong for our logic and foundry throughout the second half. And then we'll se how the percentages play out. But memory is dropping as a percent as a function of the increase in logic and foundry spending.
Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next quarter is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yeah hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, I just wanted to follow-up on the September to December customer mix. Do you think it's going to be the same customer spending into December? Or you see further broadening of the customer base into the December?
Steve Newberry: I think we're in a -- there aren't that many customers any more in the industry. So we know the top 10 is probably spending 80%, 85 % and you get to the next 10 and they're probably spending 95% plus. And so I think when we're looking at who is participating in the second half, you pretty much have all the players that are of any substance taking deliveries in the second half.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: If I could just follow-up for Ernie, in terms of your transition of your spin Clean supply chain, two of your outsource, code outsource model, is it complete or do you think it's still on track for the end of the year completion? And do you see any up-tick in growth margin because of that? Thank you.
Ernie Maddock: Krish it is on track relative to the products that we focused for the outsourcing efforts. Part of the phenomena of the current environment is that you're seeing a lot of customers reorder process of record tool that were not necessarily a focus of the outsourcing effort. So it really -- in terms of the operational execution it's pretty much on track. We would need to see a transition of our customers to that product. And yes, as we've talked about it before we would expect to see continuing improvements in our gross margin performance in the Clean business as time progress and we make those transitions.
Steve Newberry: I mean I think that one of the things that we should point out is that, we're absolutely ramping significantly our Clean shipments in the second half. As a percentage of our total shipments it's growing faster than our Etch shipments. So when we look at our margins you might question why they are kind of flat on higher shipments in revenue. And fundamentally it's because we have mix changes from where we were with clean at lower gross margins today dragging down margins a little bit. And then we have some customer mix issues. If we have what we are looking at for December occur, we're going to see some of those cost reduction benefits come into play in the Clean business December a more favorable mix of customers. And so we're expecting that on higher shipments and higher revenue of some sort in December that we'll also see improved operating margin and gross margin as a function of things I just mentioned.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, when you think about likely pick-up in shipments in Q4 after Q3 how much of that do you think is the cycle? And how much of that is related to share gains particularly in Etch as well as the expansion of Etch as we finally see a kind of pick-up in double patterning orders?
Steve Newberry: It's a combination of both. There's no question C.J. that we've got customers still wanting to come in and increase the deliveries of equipment which I think is certainly related to the cycle. But certainly given the market shares that we outlined at the analyst event in terms of some of these emerging applications on 3X and 2X, you're starting to see shipments for those technology node of curve later in the second half. And so, our market share gains in those nodes are contributing to the pace of which you'll see our shipments increase relative to just the WFE market itself and perhaps some other competitors.
C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital: That's helpful. And as a follow-up there has been some noise out there about I guess GAS mix expedited delivery but look for constrains causing that to move to just normal delivery. So my question is, are still seeing mid-fold constrains I guess impacting the timing of your shipments? And I guess how should we think about in the second half of this year and into 2011?
Steve Newberry: Well I think that certainly in the June quarter we saw -- in the last couple of weeks we saw 25 million to 30 million of what had planned to ship be asked to be held for two to three weeks. That was a function of either facilities issues or not having the ability for delivery. Some of which was lift out, some was others. So, as some of the issues in the supply chain that are occurring that are unrelated to our ability to do things, we can actually have our shipments impacted for a verity of reasons and that's one of the reasons why our shipments weren't quite as strong as we had actually built and expected to execute in June. So as we go forward in the second half I think -- you can all see the extend with which ASML was ramping lift out, I think that's going to become less of a concern as we go forward. I think we've got a lot of new fabs that are coming on line. I think that all of those are potentially at some degree of risk that if those fabs don't come up don't get built or ready you could see equipment suppliers asked to delay shipments from one period to another. So it's one of the reasons why our guidance range kind of go up a little bit higher. Another reason is that when you start getting up revenues and shipments in the 800 level, the air band gets a little bit -- needs to be a little bit wider given the rhyme of that. But the other issue is, I mean if we have 50 million or 70 million in a quarter going to one customer and we do and that customer decides that they don't really have the ability to swallow that much equipment for whatever reason, I mean we can easily have 20 million or 30 million pushed out into the next period. And while it doesn't change anything in terms of ultimately our market share and ultimately the revenue we generate it does create some choppiness. But I think can some times be confusing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great guys, thanks so much, I appreciate the taking the question. You guys generated about $1.20 free cash flow per share this quarter, could you give us some idea where you think that free cash flow generation might look like for the September quarter with the higher revenue and shipment level?
Ernie Maddock: You're probably going to see cash flow really come close to mimicking our overall operating income, Jim. It -- there maybe a small probation, but in general it's going to of mimic the operating income guidance that was given.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: And then so is it fair to say if we have a few quarters to sustainable revenue and shipments like this as Steve has been discussing here we could be looking at a cash per share on the balance sheet of between $15 and $20 by the end of next year, is that kind of the right level to be thinking about?
Ernie Maddock: Certainly if you presume that the performance that we have and going to have in December continues throughout the year, yeah you can absolutely get there.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then if I could just ask you've given a lot of color on the various segments which has been helpful. If we look at some of the big NAND flash fabs that have been announced, where are those folks in their process time line? I mean is that what creates some of the sustainable visibility? Or those things starting to be aggressive already? Thank you.
Steve Newberry: Well certainly, a couple of the big news fabs that everybody is aware of. One is it's going to be taking deliveries in the second half I think that the other that's in Japan its still filling out, the Y4 wafer starts and the technology conversions Y5 will come online middle of 2011. And if you look at what a lot of people think its terms of the supply, demand relationship with NAND that it's going to stay in pretty tight balance for the rest of this year. And lot people are forecasting that with a lot of new products that are coming out that the demand for NAND is going to continue to rise at a rate that's faster than output is being put in place. So I think its good news that there will be fabs that are available to be filled with equipment. And that's why I see a lot of customers really rushing around putting a lot of effort into making sure they get their fabs ready because they always have the choice not to equip them. But if the fab isn't ready you're in big trouble.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Steve, on the comment that you made that there were some push outs at the end of June quarter, 25 million to 30 million into September. I'm just trying to -- can you give some color on which segment were they in? Or just broadly across the all segments?
Steve Newberry: There was four customers, I'm not going to detail which once they were because customers kind of don't like us talking about specifics in terms of what they were doing. But there were some in memory, some in foundry. And so wasn't one customer, it was four and they all had different reasons.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Sure, thanks. And then a bit of philosophical question here, has anything changed with the foundries this cycle where you think they are willing to run utilization at much lower levels, let's 85%, 80% on normalized basis and not give market share away. Or you think once if the demand starts to slow down they might kind of stop spending on expansion. Has anything changed with the foundries in the cycle versus previous cycle?
Steve Newberry: Well I think, probably the best place to get that answer is really to talk to the foundries. I do think with Samsung clearly signaling that they are increasing their investments in their LSI and foundry business with global foundries being created and having access to capital and building a new fab in New York, you certainly have the potential for increased competition on the leading edge. And I think that contributes to some level of up-front investment by some of the foundry companies from that are going to compete for some of that leading edge. How that actually manifest itself in terms of how much supply is available relative to demand we'll just have to kind of see. But I think probably the best answer you can get would be to ask the foundries, have they changed their philosophy at all. I think the level of spending we're seeing right now is more a function of -- we're in a new wave of logic chip integration into consumer products. I think we're in a situation where a lot of the previous logic companies that have their own fabs are now moving most of their leading edge, if not all of their leading edge to the foundries. So you're seeing it as a concentrated visible expenditure. So I think those are the dominant trends relative to foundry.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, I remember a few weeks ago you laid out a scenario where WFE is 31 billion to 32 billion. And at that time you said that you're revenue could be 3.5 billion earnings of $6. Now I understand that some share gain associated with that. But it seems like you're shipments guidance already approaching that level. Is that how -- is that because you see a through in share gain? Or do you -- are we seeing up side to that even those targets, can you help -- help us in terms of recognizing that sizing through numbers.
Steve Newberry: Well that's why I've said that, if you look at the second half run-rate it's looking like 30 to 32. And if you look at kind of what we are guiding for September that out put in revenue is closer to 30. And if the customers do take the deliveries that they are looking for in December given that I've said that it's currently looking like it's going to be higher, that's going to be closer to 32. And then when you see what kinds of shipments and revenues we can generate at that level, if that were to be sustainable and that's a big if. But if that were to be sustainable and we had a four quarter period of -- a rolling four quarter period at that level then I think you would see our revenues being up right on that model that we presented at SEMICON.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Great, that was certainly helpful. Thanks for clarifying that. And then just one quick question on spare and service side, I think historically you've talked about that being 25% of your sales. With the ramp on Clean is it still at roughly on that range? Or is it lower? Can you help us on that? And is that additionally growth experimented?
Steve Newberry: Yeah, that's a good question and you're exactly right. It is lower as a percent of out total revenues now. And so probably a better model is to think in terms of accelerating upturn wit big systems growth. We're really talking about probably closer to what 17%, 18% 
Ernie Maddock: Yeah you are going to still be maybe low end 18 and high end in the very low 20's and it says very quarter to quarter based on customer order patterns and things. So maybe an notch down fundamentally because the Clean business is less spares intensive of than the Etch business. And as that becomes an increasing part of our revenue stream you're going to see that percentage moderate a little bit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from line of (inaudible) 0:44:27.8Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, for taking my question, two questions. First is that how much of your market share will be impacted in '11 if there is moderation we should might start the challenges with the tier two DRAMs phase in terms of technology renovation.
Steve Newberry: When you look at the market share gains that we're forecasting for 2010 the vast majority of that's walked in relative to the technology nodes at are really at the heart of the demand in 2010. So that means it's a 4X leading edge in logic foundry, its 4X, 5X in DRAM and its primarily 3X in NAND which is where most of the purchases and technology conversions have gone. And so if -- for some reason things were to moderate on a going forward basis relative to the ramp for the 3X and 2X nodes, I don't think it -- market shares what you get as a percentage of what they spend. And so I don't think that if they slow down the total rate of spending that they're going to slow down the speed at which they attempt to put into production the next generation technology. We always see in fact an acceleration of movement to the next technology node in the down terms because that's where lower costs are and higher performance and that's what they used to try to stimulate more demand from their customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Just as a follow-up, if you have to take up a snap shot of the next four quarters how would you characterize the labor task environment out there?
Steve Newberry: Can't micro of all dont go out four quarter relative to wafer starts. I think that if we look at the next couple quarter relative to what our customers think the demand environment is going to be and we look at the shipment environment, I think we're looking at a situation where the wafer starts are probably going to go up maybe 50,000, maybe 100,000 in DRAM, and I think in NAND you're probably going to get wafer starts that go up -- let's see, maybe a 100,000 in NAND. So it's about a 100,000 increase in the wafer starts per month in both NAND and DRAM.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tim Kerry with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Tim Kerry - Citigroup Global Markets: Hi, Steve, couple of things. Just sort of on the point of how quickly things can change, there was a big back end in Taiwanese OSAP that made some comments earlier today that they've seen a pretty broad fade in their business the last couple of weeks. So I am sort of wondering whether you've heard any sort of incremental change in tone at specific to your foundry customers during the very recent, like week or two?
Steve Newberry: I haven't talked to any of them since SEMICON which was quite a week and a half or ago or something, two weeks ago. And -- I mean talked extensively with a lot of different customers about where's the demand coming from, what do they think about the sustainability, why did they did think it's sustainable, what do they think the rest are et cetera, et cetera. And I mean clearly there is a lot of confidence that some of the fundamental drivers as to why the demand should be sustainable at least over the next two to four quarters is behind. Why they are willing to bring this level of equipment in and somewhat higher over the next quarter or so. But when you start getting out beyond two to four quarters, there is so many wild cards which I'll be the first to acknowledge. And so they have not talked to me about any near term changes that would be different than what they talked about at SEMICON.
Tim Evans - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay, got that. And then just second thing from Steve, if I look at your gross margin guidance it's about flat on a fairly big up run revenue quarter. And if you look at the incremental margin it's about 40% margin on a drop two basis. Is that all customer mix, I know you were talking about some large customers taking some shipments. Is that all mix? Or is there a very big slug of Cleans business also shipping in that quarter?
Ernie Maddock: Tim this is Ernie. It's actually a customer mix story predominantly. There is certainly some products mix that plays a role in that. But the big story is customer mix as Steve alluded to earlier. You have significant customers who would represent $40 million or $50 million as much as $70 million worth of shipments in a quarter. And that can have an impact on the overall margin performance if there are significant difference of margins among customers.
Carol Raeburn: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: The next question is from line of Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer and Company. Please go ahead sir.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company: Hey thanks for taking the question here. I think most of my questions have been asked. But Steve, just to kind of circle back, I think I've heard this question asked a multiple times. But let me just ask in be clear here. But it looks like we're just saying as in the second half the memory kind of buck in terms of shipments is starting to fade. But given market share gains and given other sort of customer foundry logic, logic idea on that you could see that back filling maintain sort of an 800 million per quarter run-rate per shipments, is that correct? And exactly which bucket in the December quarter do you think its start to fill in more meaningfully if memory does start to fade even more in December versus September? And I've got a quick follow-up for Ernie.
Steve Newberry: Well, I think you probably normally know that one part of my answer is going to be one quarter is not constituted to tramp. So therefore I don't look at the fact that the memory request for shipment in December which exist today is necessarily going to be what actually ships when we get around to December, that's one. Two, even if memory were to decline on a relative basis because the absolute basis is rising. There's still a lot of memory shipments going on. And I really think that when you look at what people are talking about for the first half of '11 and I don't necessarily believe -- I don't necessarily put a lot of weight on what they're saying. I think that the memory guys believe that it's the PC refresh and server infrastructure upgrade cycle is starting. I think if memory happens to be down in December it will no stay that way going forward into March and June. If in fact the refresh investment cycle occurring.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay, Steve just to follow that up. I thought I heard you say that shipment forecast in September and your visibility in December suggest that the memory chip makers were adding roughly a 100,000 thousand wafer starts per month into the capacity and your visibility right now for 2011 suggest that for the full year 2011 the same memory chip maker are adding roughly a 100,000 wafer starts per month in terms of capacity for a full year. So doesn't that suggest that the trajectory is down and that the memory shipment numbers should start to fade as we get into 2011?
Steve Newberry: No. I apologies if I confused you. What I was saying was in the second half of 2010 in terms of new capacity there is a 100,000 wafer starts beings added in DRAM of new capacity a 100,000 wafer starts of new capacity being added in NAND. There is also spending going on for continued technology conversion. But I didnt comment at all about what I thought the capacity addition would be for 2011. And early side didnt think I did and wasnt intending to, it was -- I was answering a question about for the second half of this year how much wafer start capacity increases were going to occur. Does that clear it up what we were talking about?
Operator: Looking like we have time for one more question it's from the line of Ben Pang with Caris and Company. Please go ahead
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: Thanks for taking my question; I hope I dont confuse it more. You mentioned a 150,000 I think wafer starts per month of NAND capacity thats going to be added this full year, right?
Steve Newberry: I said 150 to 160, yes.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: What is the Etch market related to that number?
Steve Newberry: A lot.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: Like, can you give a dollar value on that?
Steve Newberry: I probably could, but I couldnt give you give you right of the top of my head. I'll have somebody follow-up with you and try to give you an idea of what we're looking at in terms of Etch specifically because it will depend on if its new wafer start capacity, it's one answer, if it's a technology conversion it's another answer. So we'll break that down for you.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: Okay. Then one quick for follow-up you mentioned that I guess if we had looked backwards your shipment outlook is up 35% from a couple of month's backwards, right? On the third quarter, or is that calendar 3Q is that correct?
Ernie Maddock: Yeah, what I was saying was that if you take this point in time in the last quarter, the September quarter changed significantly as the June quarter played out. And so therefore here we said in September quarter and if things hold true to firm what actually is going to occur in December could change quite dramatically. That has been the trend going back to a year ago where -- when we were in the September quarter talking about September guidance, the December quarter changed dramatically by the time we got there. March quarter changed dramatically by the time we got there in 2010, same thing for the June quarter et cetera. So when we are in this rising environment the next quarter out is pretty unpredictable. And so we'll just have to see how December actually plays out because things could change pretty significantly between now and when we have this conversation again.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. Management please continue with any closing remarks you may have.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you for joining our call today. The audio replay will be available on our website later this afternoon. That concludes our call.
Operator: Alright, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the Lam Research Corporation June 2010 quarterly results conference call. You may now disconnect. And thank you for using AST Conferencing. Have a pleased rest of your day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-04-21 22:16:00) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn - Managing Director, IR Ernie Maddock - SVP, CFO Steve Newberry - President, CEO
Analysts: Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital Stephen O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Stephen Chin - UBS Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company Raj Seth - Cowen & Co Ben Pang - Caris & Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2010 quarterly results conference call. During todays presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator Instructions). The call is scheduled to conclude at 3 o'clock p.m. Pacific Standard Time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Raeburn, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Carol Raeburn: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here with me today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the March 2010 quarter and Steve will share our business outlook for the June 2010 quarter before opening up for Q&A. A press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended March 28, 2010 was distributed by the business wire shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is available on our website at Lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements including those relating to our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, and earnings per share, as-well-as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. With that I'll turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the March quarter results.
Ernie Maddock : Thank you, Carol. I'm pleased to report results for the March quarter that met or exceeded guidance in all areas led by record shipments and strong revenue performance for the company. Indicative of market share gains and in response to customer demands, Lams March quarter shipments were $735 million, up 41% sequentially. The flexibility and responsiveness demonstrated by our operations groups and global supply chain enabled the company to effectively respond to our customers request for short cycle timed delivery in the March quarter. Virtually, all of our systems shipments are now for 300 millimeter applications and sub 60 nanometer applications comprised 89% of system shipments.  Components of our shipment activity by market segment are as follows. DRAM represented approximately 44% of total shipments and NAND comprised 21%, bringing the total memory segment to 65% of system shipments. Foundry customers were 27% of system shipments and logic and other were at 8%. Revenue for the March quarter was 633 million slightly exceeding our guidance range. Revenue was up 30% sequentially over the December quarter and reflects increased system shipments and customer acceptances in all product lines as well as strong performance in our installed base business.  For the March quarter, ongoing gross margin was 46.3% up from 44.8% in the December quarter. This improvement was the result of strong revenue performance coupled with favorable product mix and improved factory absorption. Ongoing operating expenses for the March quarter were $144 million and reflected only partial quarter expenses related to employee equity brand and non-recurring benefits related to R&D materials and supplies. Our employee headcount at March end was approximately 3,100. Ongoing operating profit for the March quarter was $149 million roughly double that in the December quarter with a corresponding expansion in operating margin to 23.6%. Ongoing other income was $1.6 million derived primarily from interest income. Our ongoing tax rate for the March quarter was 20.2% in line with expectation. We are anticipating a rate of between 20% and 22% for fiscal year 2010 and expected the rate in June will be similar to that in March. This rate would be favorably impact the Congress ratified the extension in the federal R&D tax credit prior to the end of our fiscal quarter. Based on a share count of 129 million shares, earnings per share was $0.94 exceeding the mid point of our guidance range by $0.14. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows, our cash in short term investments including restricted cash totaled $844 million we generated $109 million in cash from operations in the March quarter and used that cash to repurchase shares in the amount of $69 million and made an $18 million of repayment of certain loans and $11 million in capital expenditures. Lam repurchased $2 million shares during the quarter, consistent with our goal of offsetting dilution relating to employee equity plans. Our priority remains on building on cash balances before considering more aggressive stock repurchases. Accounts receivable days outstanding were 75 days down slightly from 79 days in the December quarter and inventory returns were 4.8 up from 4.4 returns in the December quarter. At the end of March, our deferred revenue balance grew by $104 million to $238 million which excludes $23 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. With that, Ill turn it over to Steve for his comments.
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Ernie. Good day every one, and thank you all for joining our calls. As Ernie noted, our March quarter shipments represented an all-time high for Lam Research. We sharply increased shipments into both DRAM and NAND fabs and our foundry shipments while flat, remained at a strong level versus the December '09 quarter.  There are some who are concerned that achieving a record number for shipments may signal a peak for the industry. As a fact, we were able to achieve such a result at the current level of semiconductor capital equipment spending, is the result of other factors that are associated with Lams specific performance. Our short lead times resulting from the rapid response capability in our business operations and supply chain organizations, allow us to respond very quickly to increases in customer demands. In addition to Lams execution capability, this strong shipment performance is indicative of continued strong market share gains in both etch and single wafer clean and an increased revenue contribution from our installed base businesses. Our broad based technologically differentiated clean solutions are shipping in increased volumes to our historically strong back end of the line and back side in cleaning applications and logic while winning new penetrations at emerging front end of the lined applications as well as winning new customers for back end of the line and back side cleans with both our spin based DV-Prime tool and our linear based product. Our plasma based double clean tools have also been shipping out in increased volumes as well. We now expect by the end of the year, we will grow our spin based product shipments by greater than 200% and our entire portfolio clean products by greater than a 175% year-over-year, a clear indication of our strong market share growth in these applications.  With all that said, we still look to improving our financial results in our clean businesses as we go forward. We have more work to do around continued improvement in our efficiency and effectiveness of our product option architectures in bringing up an expanded set of global suppliers to support our new product builds in both linear and spin. 
 : As we saw new application market sure wins, as the industry moved to new critical technologies and applications like high-k metal gate, critical hard mask opens and double patterning and we grew shares as well as a function of the adoption of stack capacitor technology at (inaudible). We are expecting to exceed our etch, strip market share expansion goal of 5 to 6 points in 2010 which I talked about on our last earnings call to a new level of 8 to 10 points of share gain in 2010 to the 50 plus percent level. In support of these market share gains, we now expect our etch shift consignments to grow greater than a 150% year-over-year.  We will continue to invest strongly and appropriately in etch R&D to ensure we maintain our leadership in developing next generation products. Overall, we are leveraging our investments in R&D into new capabilities and products which are enabling our penetration wins at the next technology note and all the areas of our business and our new product pipelines are enabling us to compete very effectively in a broader ray of new applications.  We expect to share with you some of these etch and clean product enhancements at our upcoming Analyst Day which we plan to host Semicon West in July of this year. As we look at the industry environment today, almost four months into 2010, there is increasing customer demand for shipments throughout the year relative to three months ago. At that time, the plans our customers had shared with us combined with our views on the demand for semi-conductors and capital equipment suggested wafer fab equipment spending would be somewhere in the $20, $22 billion range.  As the global economy has continued to improve and demand for semi-conductors have continued to strengthen. Our customers have adjusted their plans for delivery of our equipment to high levels in the remaining three quarters of the year. If our customers indeed follow through with what they are currently planning for shipments for the rest of the year, it looks like they will end up spending in the $24 to $26 billion range for wafer fab equipment spending in calendar year 2010. With memory prices having remained strong through out this first quarter, despite the March quarter being typically seasonally weak, this suggest there is a tight supply in demand balance at the moment, and if consumer electronics demand and corporate IT spending increase in the upcoming quarters and as expected in the 2011, there will have to be a need for a sustained level of WFE investment throughout 2010. Over the past year or so most of our customers have concentrated on transitioning their technology, leading increased bit demand in memory by strength and increasing their own capital efficiency by reusing as much of their existing tool sets as possible. In many of these technology transitions etchs and single wafer cleaner, a critical applications were new tools for chamber upgrades were required and Lam Research has benefited from these transitions.  As the industry moves forward and continues to add capacity at a steady rate, we expect our etch and single wafer clean products were strongly out performed relative to the growth of wafer fab equipment spending in 2010. With these comments, I will now move to guidance for the June quarter. Shipments of $700 million plus or minus $15 million revenues of $650 million plus or minus $10 million. Gross margin at 46% plus or minus 1%, operating profit at 23.5% plus or minus 1% and earnings of $0.89 to $0.99 per share and with that Erne and I will take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions)  First question is from line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse please go ahead.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse:  Steve those good color on the equipment spending that you were able to provide, I was wondering if you are having any improved visibility right now into shipment if you look into September in terms of directional or other qualifications you can provide.
Steve Newberry:  Well as I mentioned in my comments over the last three months the customers plans relative to what they want us to be prepared to ship to them in June quarter as well as the September and December quarters has come up very strongly. I think that indicative, the IC unit demand environment are seeing the receptiveness of the IC's that are coming out of the advanced 14 nanometer logic lines as well as the demand for memory which I think inspire the fact that we really havent started a corporate PC refresh cycle demand for PCs remains strong as well as for other mobile devices particularly smartphones. So I think that what we are seeing is an environment where confidence is growing and the demand is sustainable and as function of that we are seeing a much more steady request environment emerge relative to shipments throughout the year.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess I will do the math as well, a bit of a longer-term oriented question. If you look at the productivity of bids for the memory companies you talked about them using more equipment and more shrinks, the amount of bids per wafer that DRAM and NAND companies are getting from just shrinks has gone up substantially in 09 and 10 compared to what it was at the peak of the last cycle back in 07. Do you subscribe to that and do you see this productivity growth coming back to some kind of a normalized level and what that could do to capacity addition as the wafer starts as you look into 2011?
Ernie Maddock: Well I think that what we are seeing is that there is an ability to increase the bids per wafer as a function of the strengths and probably more important as a function of the strengths that they are able to do wafer conversions where both in DRAM and in NAND probably about 40% in DRAM and 45% in NAND require new pieces of equipment but they are able to buy a lot of upgrade chambers at least as it relates to Etch and so their capital asset intensity is running at very low levels. If we look at the, historical situation in memory, its very common for them to be spending anywhere from 35% to 50% and we see that wafers had equipment for DRAM for 2009 is going to be around 20% and for NAND probably somewhere around 25%. So all of those strings are good in terms of the efficiency in which these memory providers are operating at. But I think that when we look at how much money they are having to spend per wafer start, if its all new capacity they have to spend somewhere around $250 million for 10,000 wafer starts per month. NAND is currently spending about 105 million, DRAM is currently spending somewhere around 120 million, I think that as we go forward in time, they wont be quite as efficient. I think they will have to increase the ratio of new equipment and so I think that if we continue to see a good demand environment, we are going to have to see more new equipment and new wafer start capacity ads later in the year or into 2011, then what we are seeing right now.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital, please go ahead.
C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital:  Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. First question Steve, what are your new targets internally for Etch and Clean share for calendar 10. And I guess as part of that question last quarter you suggested NAND upside could drive even better results and I think what you said in your prepared remarks is that, thats clearly happening. Is there another lever on top of that, that could drive these targets even higher through the year?
Steve Newberry: Well I think that, what weve talked about before was, we thought etch market share would be up five to six market share points, now we think, 8 to 10. Thats going to put us where I said in my comments was 50 plus percent probably somewhere around 52% to 54% some of that comes from mix changes probably somewhere around 4% of that and just kind of one of the reasons why our market share declined in 2009 was because the mix was unfavorable to us and so now the mix is moving favorably but we are still picking up four to six market share points from application wins. I think that when we look at where we have well known strong market share in memory, memory is probably as things go as customers are currently planning somewhere around 60 plus percent of the shipments in 2010 with logic and foundry being 40 and so if memory decides that they need to accelerate later in the year to meet what might be a strong demand environment in 2011. I think that will be favorable to us, I think that would probably help us grow share a little bit. I think in the Clean space we are making penetrations in the memory manufacturers where historically with our single wafers been increased to they were largely logic related and foundry related and so again if memory picks up some more I would expect it to help us in Clean as well
C.J. Muse - Barclays Capital: And in terms of your target there for Clean, has that changed at all?
Ernie Maddock: No our target for Clean as we expect to be greater than 30% market share. I think again you know how much above 30 that is will be a function of mix that will be both customer mix but also could be memory versus foundry mix related as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephen O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. 
Stephen O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good afternoon. Steve, just a couple of quick questions here. Last quarter, there was a lot of talk about second half shipments down over first half albeit better, do you still see that? And secondly, has the incremental strength youve seen over the past few months involved more customers or is it just an improvement in orders from the usual suspects?
Steve Newberry: Yeah, Ill take the customer mix issue. Weve seen a much broader based activity level relative to customers, I mean certainly weve seen strong spending by the typical memory guys with the NAND guys coming in this time period but when I look at the total amount of shipment volume going into the so called Second Tier, theyre definitely moving into the market in the June quarter and going forward. I think that when I look at how the year is starting to shape up particularly if you think about in terms of $24 billion to $26 billion in WFE. Were seeing a strong strengthening of expected request for shipments from the customers and one of the things that I kind of look at is I think we have a tendency that sometimes look too much at any one quarter and in this case, some of the strong shipment activities that certainly Lam had and the way I look at it then Ill share that with you is, in my mind, the industry under-invested in the September-December of 09 timeframes and then particularly in December. And so if you were to take the December shipments that Lam had which were about $520 million and average it with the shipments that we had in March which were 735, you would end up with a $625 million shipment activity, averaged over the December and March quarter. If you then look at what we are guiding for June at 700 and then when I look at what the customers are telling us their planning to want to take its actually a pretty smooth environment, its a very steady demand environment and so I think that this drop off that was visible or at least was what people were talking about at the beginning of the year significantly disappeared and I think that if we continue to have a good economic environment my expectation will be that its far more likely that well see a flat second half relative to what we are shipping as an industry in the first half, and so I am much more optimistic that we are seeing a sustained level of investment and we are certainly seen a movement up in the demand profile for the second half.
Operator: The next question is from the line of with (inaudible) with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: My first question is around last week the (inaudible) talked about book to bill expectations of one plus or minus 10% second half of this year, are your expectations for your business in line with this view or do you see things differently in second half.
Steve Newberry: Well I just commented pretty extensively about kind of our view relative to what the customers are saying and that I think that things have strengthened. We dont really get to wrapped around the actual of our bookings because they are very lumpy. I would just say that when you look at the order environment for the next three quarters of the year, they looked very good relative to what you would expect for a $24 billion to 26 billion wafer fab equipment market.  Again, we talk about this is that I dont know whether 24 billion to 26 billion of wafer equipment is actually going to be whats spent. Could be more, could be less. What I'm telling you is that there is a momentum change in the customers in terms of what they are thinking they want which is based on how they feel about the demand environment.  They are clearly more optimistic about the demand environment, not only in terms of how its going to play out in 2010, but when I talk to customers about what their expectations are for the environment in 2011, they are optimistic at this point in time that its going to continue to be an increasing demand environment. And so what you hear me talking about now is a reflection kind of how the industry thinks about whats going on.
Unidentified Analyst :  Okay, and a quick follow up specifically on foundries. There has been some recent news flow down Q1 foundry wafer start cuts. And potential double ordering, have you seen any shift or push outs in the [foundry schmit] recently?
Steve Newberry:  Havent seen any, from an equipment ordering stand point, you have to talk to the foundry manufacturers in terms of exactly what they maybe seeing with their customers, I have asked the question of a number foundry executives and their most recent view which was only couple of weeks ago was that they were not concerned, it didnt feel like we at a double or were in type of environment of any significance. Whether that change is going forward, I cant speak to youd have to ask them. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, please go ahead. 
Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Steve, I just wanted to follow up on your market share commentary, probably a potential of 52% to 54% share this year in etch, how much of that actually happened in Q1, was the upside driven predominantly from your 1-Q shipment for the factor trench capacitor transition and also had a follow up
Steve Newberry: When we look at market share I mean its based on the total cumulative amount that we will ship in that calendar year versus what the size of the Etch served available market or the clean for that matter. Clearly, we benefited from the shift to stack capacitor that occurred relative to (inaudible) micron. We are clearly benefiting from a shift that [Intel] where we dont have any etch business was a greater percentage of total wafer fab equipment in the last couple of years that is shifting back down to a more normalized pattern. So that benefits us, and then when you combine it with the application wins that we talked about last year which are now manifesting themselves as production volume wins. Its not all that surprising that we are going to see this kind of market share, we typically want to make sure that we remain relatively conservative in terms of how we talk about our market share, but as we look at the technology nodes that are ramping in logic and those that are ramping in NAND and DRAM, our confidence level is very high that if the customers execute and spend the kind of money that they are talking about. Our market share is going to move up significantly.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Great I just have a follow up, you had spoken about broadening of the customer base from what you are seeing [fast] in the second half of the year. What does that mean to gross margins given the fact that you could probably have better pricing with some tier 2 guys, is it a fair enough assumption?
Ernie Maddock:  This is Ernie, so you have the impact of the customer mix as well, but you also have the timing of shipments on clean versus etch and obviously as we are talking about the clean margin profile right now are looking a little bit different than etch. So we have got things moving in different directions that would essentially generate the kind of margin guidance that was provided for the second quarter.
Operator:  The next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks a lot, first on the clean side of the business Steve, you mentioned that you are trying to enhance I guess the global supply chain as well as you know improve the efficiency and the effectiveness there. Can you give us a little bit of the timeframe of when these changes are going to be implemented? And then when we could see some of the benefits to the business model.
Steve Newberry:  Okay, whatever things we had talked about when we were talking about our business model for the future was that we expected it would take us most of 2010 to really complete the product option architecture re-designing that we wanted to do. With our spin clean products and get that supply base really working toward more of our traditional outsource model. In addition, we are in the process of shipping beta tools for our next generation linear technology product which also requires a qualification and ramping of a new supply base, so I would expect that we will be through the vast majority of activity by end of calendar year 2010 and that if we end up having a favorable environment in terms of spending and product shipment volumes that we will see much improved margin performance for the playing group consistent with what weve talked about when we shared the model. One of the things thats actually been a challenge for us is that with this ramp in business coming faster and at stronger levels than we had anticipated at the end of 2009, weve had to convert some of our engineering resources that would normally have been working on the product option architecture and the supply base qualification to doing specials engineering in support of the factory build for spend and now that weve kind of come up that ramp and are kind of at a more steadied output base we are going to be able to increase the application of engineering resources relative to what we are doing in spend.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Great and just a follow up also on the clean business, I think youve mentioned in the past how your services capability has been a big driver for some of these market share wins particularly on the memory side, can you just discuss on the application side and what some of the changes in the process manufacturing front are helping you to get some of these memory winds for the clean business.
Steve Newberry: Well I think that as the memory manufacturer aggressively move into forex and by the end of year, well see 3X in DRAM and weve got 3X in NAND and well see 2X by the end of the year for that product. What theyre finding is that control of the Clean at various application steps in terms of a particle performance, critical dimension reliability, repeatability, ultimately is having an effect on device shield as well as device performance parameters. So, as companies are moving from very low volume activities to higher amounts of production, theyre recognizing that they need to move more quickly to bring critical Clean capability.  And so, in some cases were doing that with our DV-Prime spin tool particularly in the back at the line but also in some front end of the line applications and then were using our linear-based technology to really come in and provide some very short contact, critical capability at the front of the line both for logic and for memory. So when you have to do that, you go from an industry that largely was designing chambers and integrated systems and mechanical wafer handling with standard industry chemicals with kind of standard industry recipes to one where because each customer has a slightly different device design with different thicknesses and CDs and materials, you now need to do a process development in the fab you now need to engage in joint development projects where Clean engineers from Lam and Clean engineers and Clean engineers from the customer really worked together on developing uses of new chemistries, adjusting the timeframes associated with the exposure of different materials and layers to different kinds of chemicals because what they found is that, just taking the traditional approaches that used to be successful for them arent working. And so thats how it plays into our hand because our business model in etch has long been built around partnering in the fab, technology capability resources in the fab along with what we do in our central R&D headquarters and we are replicating that model with technologists working side by side and a whole host of fabs and that is resonating extremely well with their customers and contributing to our market share growth.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Fist just sort of mechanical question relative to the shipment level versus the revenue level. When do you think or what kind of algorithm can we think about relative to the higher level of shipments turning into greater revenues?
Steve Newberry: I am sure I have picked up is that with those shipping 735 in March you might normally think that we would be up there in the 700 range in revenue and the reality is that as we are shipping a lot of these tools it was a pretty non-linear shipping quarter with a lot of the early shipments in the quarter turning and then you had some of the March deliveries which they will turn in the June quarter but the June quarter if I were to look at where were we literally six weeks ago in terms of demand, weve seen the demand for shipments in the June quarter come up over a hundred million over the course of how the first quarter played out. So you end up with a little bit of the lagging effect and from an algorithm standpoint, I havent really thought about it from that standpoint, but I think that you could expect that well have somewhat of a lagging revenue environment relative to shipments but that when you think about revenue quarter-over-quarter as it plays out over the year, I think youll see a rising revenue environment as we go forward in 2010.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: If I could ask a follow-up, you know, you talked about your share right now in the various segments, could you just especially in etch go back to the last cycle and give us your apples-to-apples because in the last cycle you talked about your kind of shipped share versus your design win share, you know, where that was in the last cycle, where it is today and then relative to your design win share today what those numbers looks like in the next cycle?
Steve Newberry: So Jim, when you talk about the last cycle, which time period specifically are you talking?
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Well, I guess 2007, the last time, we got the revenues anywhere near this level?
Steve Newberry: Okay, I think that if you look at where we were in going lets say 2004 and 2005, we were at the 44% kind of range, maybe started off at the end of the downturn in 2003, it maybe 42%. We were able to get to a 48.5% share in calendar year 07. I think that if you look at what weve been doing over the last 2.5 years, its been a very strong and consistent investment in etch R&D. Weve had a team together here that I think it is the most experienced and the longest tenured together team, our learning loops have become impressively fast, our working relationships with our customers have continued to build through the last up cycle and then our willingness to make the investment during the downturns and continue to spend in spite of the fact that our systems revenues were down 90% - 95%. So I think that what you are seeing now is that the challenges for customers to be able to produce high yield devices at the 4X node and the 3X node, Lam has consistently had the solutions ready, had the productivity enhancements and cost effective situations readily available for these customers and so when you kind of look at how we are growing the market share to these levels its really a manifestation of a lot of years of hard work of making the continuous investment and we're seeing it favorably for us in foundry and DRAM and NAND but I really think its the accumulation of a strategy that we put in place in the early 2000s and we're now seeing a lot of momentum come together favorably in this cycle.
Operator: The next question is from the line of (inaudible). Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: First question is how should we think about the contribution from double patterning in the edge market segment, what for '10 and '11. Is there a way that you could quantify them please?
Ernie Maddock:  I dont have in front of me the specifics in terms of how you might quantify that other than obviously with double patterning you end up with a growth in the number of such applications as well as in some middle of the line activities. And so, one of the ways to think about it at least in general without the specificity which we can get back to you with after the call is as immersion litho comes into three X and two X and with its cost structure, sucks up a lot of wafer fab equipment dollars. The fact that edge which is historically banned a 12.5% to 13% of wafer fab equipment segment is essentially staying right on that. The only way that that could be is because the overall number of applications in wafer fab have to run through (inaudible) has grown. A lot of that is double patterning but it is also other things associated with some additional critical hard math steps that werent present in devices at the higher technology nodes.
Unidentified Analyst :  Thank you and one last question, how should we think about your market share performance in Korea, in '10? How would you compare that versus '09 in better ways that you can close some numbers on that please, thank you.
Ernie Maddock:  We dont break out with a great deal of specificity. We'll talk in general about our market share in memory. We may talk about it in DRAM and NAND, foundry and logic, but when you start getting too specific then we wind up in situations where our respect that we want to maintain with our customers, contains the level of confidentiality that we want to preserve and so all I can tell you is that our market share growth have incurred at all of the memory companies. It has occurred in dielectric and in conductor and when you look at some things that are occurring in the NAND market which clear is going to have some strong growth and the expectations for some requirements for wafer start expansions we've been very pleased at how we have been able to compete and win some new applications for NAND.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Chin - UBS: Just on the question at etch market share. You know each of those three big suppliers now talk pretty highly with high conviction as they are going to etch market share. I mean is it possible that etch has increased as a percentage of total WFE? Is that likely whats happened because you are more confident of that share gains so its supplied in Tyco Electronics. Is that likely whats happening here?
Ernie Maddock: It could be possible, I dont know what assumptions they are using for the size of the etch (inaudible). I do think I would stack my track record up of comments about our market share gains against any one of those competitors one in particular who I think has claimed that they were going to grow market share every year for the last five years, yet has lost every year for the last 5 years. So when we or when I speak about market share it comes as a function of having nailed down the application win, understanding who the customer is, understanding what that application represents in terms of how many millions of dollars for the purchases that will go out in that year.  We don't claim market share until weve actually won it and so when I talked about what's going on in 2010, the increase in market share comes from the application wins that we achieved in 2009 to some extent, some that we just recently won in the March quarter.  But for the most part, it is metaphor station of the volumes that customers are choosing to put into production and as a function of that if the mix is favorable and in our case this year it is. Then you get additional accelerated benefits from market share. So I cant speak to how the others calculated or look at it. But I think we have pretty consistent track record of delivering on what we said.
Stephen Chin - UBS:  Do you have any ballpark estimate of what your ado shipment by customer type might in the June quarter?
Steve Newberry:  We thought about for DRAM, NAND and foundry?
Stephen Chin - UBS:  Right.
Steve Newberry:  Yes. We are expecting that we are likely to see memory is going to stay strong relative to March. I think we are going to see stronger NAND in the June quarter then we saw in March and maybe slightly less in DRAM but overall memory will be very strong quarter-to-quarter. I think that the environment for foundry in June kind of takes a little bit of a breather. Not dramatically but won't ship as strongly in June. But as I look out for the rest of the year and in the dialogue and discussions we are having with our foundry customers June will probably represent the low point for foundry shipments and I think that we will continue to see strong memory activity in the second half of the year. Thats some color on the make up for the June quarter.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company: Hey Steve, I understand the things have strengthened but the way I look at it back when you talked about Q1 shipments kind of being around the $735 million level. You equated that to roughly a $28 billion WSE market. You are on the call today you are saying that basically the WSE trajectory actually had dipped to something like $20 billion to $22 billion which would have been down for your shipment levels in Q2 somewhere around 25%. But now it's come back up to 24 to 26 which is still down from 28 roughly 10 to 15. Your shipment guidance for June is down roughly 5%, does that I mean does my reading seems correctly and stitching together your comments correctly and does that imply that in September that shipments have to come down another 5% to 10% to collaborate to that $24 billion to $26 billion WSE kind of number that you quoted?
Steve Newberry: I guess it all depends on the way you want to look at it, If you want to go off of that kind of activity that occurred in March which what I commented on is that the way that we really should look at as if you average what shipped in December and what average what shipped in March you would knock that down to an average of 625, and so you can look at March as being a 735 as a big deal. I dont I think it was a make up quarter.  When I then look at the fact that were down by 4.75% in shipments in June, coming off that really strong March I think thats very good. If you calculate the numbers out at the mid point, between $24 billion and $26 billion and $25 billion in WSE, youll find out that at this point in time, the drop off in the second half versus the first half is probably somewhere around 8-8.5% which I consider to be not a significant at all.  I consider it typical kind of a consolidation of a very significant continuous steady state investment. If you knock off a few average December and March, do a 625 and then you use a 625 with a 705, then youre likely to end up the situation where the second half is essentially flat to the first half and thats the way I look at it.  I viewed it as a very ongoing consistent investment by our customers as a function of the demand environment thats there and so I dont think the way to think about it there is drop-off in the second half I think if you slew these things it looks remarkably consistent for quite a period of time here.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And just to get a reconcile basically youre assuming kind of few at this point I wouldnt think but youre not seeing any kind of benefit from some of these new fab announcements that were announced in the quarter, materializing as the orders yet or shipments in Q2, are you?
Steve Newberry: Which ones are you specifically refereeing?
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company: The NAND one. Intel, Micron in Singapore or Samsung?
Steve Newberry: While I think that but both of those two companies are in the middle of figuring out exactly when they want to take deliveries and so I think that you are correct in the sense that essentially thats not factored into the comments that I am talking about but having said that I wouldnt be surprised if both of those companies that you mentioned, decided that they wanted to take deliveries in the later part of the year or well just have to see how that plays itself out.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co: Thanks for taking the question. Steve I wonder if I can follow-up on a previous question around the Cleans business. You talked about architectural and some supply chain optimization you were doing there. I wonder if you could remind me what the margin model is and specifically I am curious sort of how much leverage there is in that business beyond sort of obvious leverage on better absorption. Where are the incremental margins today and where do you think they can go, I dont know the 2-3 quarters out? Thanks.
Ernie Maddock: This is Ernie, Raj. So we had talked last year at Semicon about some internal margins goals that were in the 40% range give-or-take and we obviously have ways to go to achieve that and then on a longer term basis we would like to leverage accumulative action, we believe that why you cant quite get there on a gross margin basis certainly on an operating margin basis when the business is operating at similar share levels and similar levels of R&D efficiency we can get very, very close to the long-term operating model of Etch. So the upside leverage as we talked about earlier certainly lies in some of the outsourcing in the architecting on the product line so that we can get more specific with the configuration of the products that were shipping to customers. And then secondly, the work that we need to do around engineering and optimizing the specials environment so that we can effectively execute those. So weve got a couple of fronts on which we can continue to make margin leverage in addition to getting the operating income leverage that would come from higher levels of shipments and share across that relatively fixed R&D investment.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co: Ernie, how long would you think that some of those initiatives will take you know, before we realized and can you comment roughly on what percentage of the business this clean business is today? Thanks.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, so we were relative to the timeframe as Steve indicated. A lot of the cost work we think it can be achieved over the course of 2010 which would position us well for 2011. Weve talked previously about having an interim share goal up in the mid 30 as Steve indicated earlier on the call today, I think were going to exit this year at 30 or north. So we are well on track to that goal, the 35 or mid-30s goal with something represented at Semicon last year. So its still relative to the sort of extra share that weve spoken about today, in the low 50s, we would still have the ways to go and that would be not reasonable to speculate on when we could achieve, north of 50% share in the Clean business that would allow us to fully realize all that leverage.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co: Sure. And how big is the business today relative to the core business?
Ernie Maddock: We dont segment report but we can offline talk to you about the size of the market and you can impute share and that will help you at least get a rough sizing.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co:  Sure, Id look forward to that, thank you.
Ernie Maddock: Raj, one other perspective I would give you is that if you look at the models weve kind of laid out depending upon what the size of the wafer fab equipment market is but also the timing we had presented a 20 billion and 25 billion model. Our expectation was that 25 billion in wafer fab equipment is going to probably occur 2011 and its looking like its likely to occur in 2010. So I think that we will still perform to that model even though its a year ahead of the timing we thought and so if we end up with a good economic environment and strong demand and we end up as some have commented on in expectation that wafer fab equipment spending in 11 will be higher than 10 and well just have to see how that plays out. One other things weve talked about was that we wanted to be able to have an integrated operating income performance around 27.5% and thats a reflection in fact that youve got mixed issues in terms of the size of the installed base business which weve made a lot of investments in and it is a good business but has a different margin profile and then Clean as Ernie said, its kind of really get up there even higher its going to need both volume and higher market share, which is not likely or we are not expecting to occur in 2011. But I think what were going to do at Semicon is we are going to layout a model that will add to it that if the industry were to spend 30 billion just to use a nice round number, what would we expect to be able to deliver in terms of financial performance, cash generation etcetera in that kind of environment if it were to occur in 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi Steve. I'm just trying to sort of look at the margins in the core, your etch business. And youre not really splitting out cleans revenue, but if you assume its sort of $60 million $to 70 million a quarter, if you sort of impute that based upon some of your share comments? And you take your guidance and you take the out margin guidance. Even if you give a zero out margin to the cleans business. You are still 200 or 300, 400 basis points lower than you were last like sort of similar revenue levels in the etch business. Operating margins, A, is that math wrong and B why would that be I guess maybe there is a more concentrated customer base this time around one. One in particular that has lower margins, but is there any sort of reason for that because it seems a bit odd relative towards some of your other competitors, thanks.
Steve Newberry:  Well I dont know what you are talking about relative to other companies because if you are talking my two competitors. I know for a fact you cant see their margins because they are buried in the financial statements relative to every other product line that they have. So having said that, I think that we probably have a couple points of gross margin pressure that comes from the function of consolidation of the customer base comes from the fact that I dont run the business on a operating margin percent basis. I grow it on total revenue dollars that I can drop to the operating margin dollar line. We are clearly doing that. If you see the amount of WFE spending and the total amount of revenue and operating income dollars that the Company is going to generate, its significantly higher than when the industry spent 25 billion X number of years ago. And so I think that it would be correct to say there is some margin pressure and is for the reasons that we have talked about and clearly we work hard to contain that but if I can grow 8 to 10 market share points and deliver increasing operating margin dollars which drives increasing EPS I am fine with that
Ernie Maddock: One additional perspective Tim, I know its really easy to make a comparison and say our June quarter guidance may be back to March of 07 similar revenue levels and certainly some margin differences, but I really think its important to get underneath that and understand that relative to etch significantly different percentages of that revenue stream so I think that may be to some degree where we may not share the same perspective because as we are talking about we are still operating in environment of 25 billion if you miss point the wafer fab guidance, versus the 32 billion in that prior peak and so our etch performance of 32 billion would be significantly different than what you are seeing right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Steve if you sort of look at what ASMLs shipping and you are sort of back into what that implies in terms of wafer fab equipment market size. Its closer to 30, versus the sort of mid 20 numbers that we are talking about here. So do you think that in fact people typically kind of forward by lithography. But do you think that would imply that there is relatively more sort of on the Comp for the non-litho guys. Or is your number different actually?
Steve Newberry: Well I think that I cant speak for how ASML sees how this plays out but I think you are correct in that what the industry does as they absorb the available litho capacity that they had coming out of a downturn. They always recognize that the longest lead time equipment in the industry is litho. And they have got to get out in front of that. I think that to impute a 30,000 wafer fab equipment, spending environment for 2010 from that, it doesnt take into account that the reality is that while they could if they bought the rest of the equipments that expands into that amount of Litho, spends 30 everything that the customers are telling me is that, thats not what they are planning on doing. But if they do believe at least this point in time that they are going to have a increasing unit demand environment in a favorable world wide GDP, they got to have that litho in place to be able to expand their investments in the other front end equipment in the 2011 timeframe. So, to me if I didnt see the increase in demand for litho, then I would be concerned that customer confidence level in terms of the supply and demand balance and the sustainability of the unit demand environment and everything else they know about products and semiconductor intensity was not really being consistent so the fact that the lithos what it is says to me that they are behaving in a way I would expect them to but I dont think that translates to expecting $30 billion.
Operator: And the final question is from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company. Please go ahead.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: One clarification, did you comment that your foundry business in the quarter was flat and was that for shipments or revenues?
Steve Newberry: Ben, that was for shipments, the shipments that we executed for foundry in the March quarter were flat relative to what we executed in the December quarter and I think you will remember that when you look at kind of what drove the increases in kind of December which came up pretty strongly from September, it was largely there was a lot of foundry-related activity in that quarter.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: And then one follow-up also around the March quarter, you commented on the turns business, turning the shipments into revenues, do we expect the same type of behavior going forward if the mix stays the same?
Steve Newberry: Its hard to predict that because some customers take equipment in and start it up very fast and accept it and because we are revenue on acceptance we can have a high turns environment, other customers historically take a much longer time to do their calls, logic companies in general take longer than the average memory company. And so, you kind of end up with a wide variety of things but the one thing I would say is true is as we move to 4X and 3X and then, 2X, some of these calls are tending to take a little bit longer because the process windows are really narrow. The sensitivities are really high and the customers are taking a little bit more time to make sure that everything's working right with the equipment to be sure that when they ramp, they're going to get the yield and the reliable device performance that they're looking for. So I think I want to thank you again for joining the conference call. In summary, I would say that we're seeing good momentum in terms of what the customers are thinking, they would like to do for the rest of the year. We're certainly seeing strong momentum in our Clean business and we think we will exceed our share targets to be greater than 30% of share and weve talked extensively about it and we expect our share to be up strongly and well in excess of 50%. I think we are going to continue to aggressively invest not only in Etch and Clean but some other new products that are targeted at new markets. We think that theres a real opportunity with some of the challenges that customers have at this leading advanced nodes but we cant continue grow our presence as their critical solution provider and so we continue to focus on making sure that we have the responsiveness from an operational standpoint and the technical solutions available in a timely manner. But having said all of that, we expect that for this year, Lam will significantly outperform, but the growth rate what youll see in WFE in 2010 over 2009, so thank you again for your attention. Good day
Carol Raeburn: Audio replay of this call will be available on our website later this afternoon. Our next scheduled update will be our analyst event which we plan to host on July 13 concurrent with Semicon West in San Francisco. We hope to see you then.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the LAM Research Corporation March 2010 quarterly results conference call. Thank you for using AT&T conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Carol Raeburn - Managing Director of Investor Relations  Steve Newberry - President and CEO Ernie Maddock - SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Gary Hseuh - Oppenheimer & Company Stephen Chin - UBS CJ Muse - Barclays Capital Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Krish Sankar - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities 
Operator:
 :
Carol Raeburn : Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here with me today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the December 2009 quarter and Steve will share our business outlook for the March 2010 quarter before opening up for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended December 27, 2009 was distributed by business wire shortly after 1 O' clock this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements including those relating to our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, and earnings per share, as-well-as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K.  All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. With that I'll turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the December quarter results.
Ernie Maddock: Thank you, Carol. I'm pleased to report the strong shipments in the December quarter led the company to higher revenues, increased profitability and strong cash generation. Turning to the details, December quarter shipments exceeded our guidance range at $519 million, up 46% over September quarter shipments as our Etch and Clean system shipments were up over 60% and our aftermarket business enjoyed incremental gains.  In the December quarter, application and market shipment breakout is as follows. 300 millimeter applications represent 96% of total system shipments. Applications at less than or equal to the 65 nanometer technology node were 94% of system shipments. Memory segment customers comprised about 45% of total system shipments, and as a subset, NAND shipments represented approximately 28% of total memory, and foundry customers were 42% of system shipments with logic and other at 13%.  Commensurate with our shipments commentary, December quarter revenue of $487 million exceeded our guidance range and represents an increase of 53% over September quarter results. December quarter ongoing gross margin was 44.8% at the higher end of our guidance range, and represents an increase of over 350 basis points versus September quarter levels. This improved gross margin performance is a result of higher revenue, improved product mix, and more favorable absorption from the factory.  Ongoing operating expenses for the December quarter were $142 million, and are a function of the previously planned restoration of employee salaries and benefits, as well as higher variable compensation expense associated with our improved revenue and profitability.  In addition, we expensed the cost of materials for accelerated new product introductions, associated with market opportunities arising from the improved business outlook. December quarter ongoing operating profit was $76 million, and reflects an ongoing operating margin of 15.6%. Other income was $900,000, and consists largely of interest income, offset by the expense of currency hedges.  The company benefited from $21 million in non-ongoing income for the December quarter, attributable to the final release of the company's 409A reserves. With this action, the company has concluded all settlement negotiations associated with the 2007 voluntary options review. As current and projected business levels have improved, our tax rate has returned to more normalized levels.  For the December quarter, the ongoing tax rate was 21.2%, and we are currently expecting a tax rate in the low to mid-20% range in fiscal year 2010. Based on a share counts of 129 million shares, GAAP earnings were $0.54 per share and ongoing earnings were $0.47 per share, which exceeds our guidance. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments including restricted cash totaled $831 million, an increase of approximately $70 million from the September quarter. The increased cash balance represents stronger cash generation from operations, which was offset by increases in accounts receivable, and inventory associated with higher shipment volumes as-well-as ongoing capital expenses. Non-cash expenses include $13 million for equity compensation and $18 million for depreciation and amortization. Accounts receivable days outstanding decreased from 93 days in the September quarter, to 79 days in the December quarter, and inventory turns were 4.4, up from 3.3 turns in the September quarter. At the end of December, our deferred revenue balance was approximately $132 million, an increase of $44 million over the September quarter, and consistent with our higher shipment activity. The deferred revenue balance does not include $11 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Total capital expenditures were $7 million for the quarter, and employee headcount rose slightly to approximately 3,000, from 2,930 in the September quarter.  Now to Steve's comments.
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Ernie and good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our call. Well, what a difference a year makes. Last year at this time, I was describing an environment in the semiconductor equipment industry as a Category 5 hurricane and expressing concerns that we may be looking at a downturn that could last for six to eight quarters. I'm certainly pleased to have been excessively pessimistic on that concern. And as Ernie just articulated it's nice that we ended 2009 on a much higher note than what was expected at the beginning of what we knew would be a tough year. Relative to our shipment output in June of 2009, December represented an increase in total shipment output of over 100% in only six months. A demand pattern much stronger in terms of speed and size than we had anticipated. We are pleased that our flexible operations business model has once again proven its ability to respond to rapid increases in customer demand through the great work of our employees and suppliers worldwide  While 2009 was overall a difficult year for every company in our industry, at Lam Research we continued to win application based market share in both Etch and Clean, positioning us for well above market growth as customer shipments increased in 2010. In our etch business we won 12 net new applications in our shipped market share for calendar year 2009, it's estimated in the mid-40s, up 2.5 to 3 points from where we were in 2008, reflecting the positive trend from our new application wins. As we look into 2010, we expect our etch shipped market share to increase by another five to six percentage points, as customer mix becomes more favorable for Lam's etch business and the development tool of record decisions we won over the past year or so move into volume production.  In single wafer clean we added a total of 11 net new application wins in 2009. Lam's spin clean based DV-Prime tool had application penetration wins in high-k metal gate cleans as-well-as numerous post-etch cleans had major customers and foundry, logic and memory. Our linear based confined chemical cleaning system won a number of total record decisions in post contact etch as-well-as copper dual damascene cleans in the backend of the line applications in logic, foundry and memory applications as well. In 2009, our dry bevel Clean tools increased by 32, the number of applications/levels where bevel Clean is utilized, providing us a nice growth opportunity in the bevel segment of the Clean market as we go forward. We estimate we grew our shipped market share in the single wafer clean business by five to six share points, resulting in a share around the low to mid-20s for calendar year 2009 and as we look at 2010, we expect that the applications we have penetrated over the past year-and-a-half along with new application wins, plus an anticipated shift in customer mix to our favor, will allow us to post very strong shipped market share growth in single wafer Clean for 2010, likely in the range of an 8 to 10 share point increase.  As we look to the broader industry trends for 2010, we expect the recent strength in customer demand for new systems to continue, at least in respect to the first half of the year. We estimate that in 2009, there was wafer fabrication equipment spending of approximately $13 billion, and we expect at this moment in time that the market for equipment purchases in 2010 will be somewhere in the range of $20 billion to $22 billion, likely up 55% to 70% over 2009.  We think that demand for DRAM in 2010 will largely come from corporate PC replacements, and the continued growth of netbooks driving demand-based DRAM bit growth around the mid-40s. In NAND, we estimate that bit growth will be in the mid-90% range, driven largely by growth in SmartPhones and the start of increased shipments into a variety of SSD applications.  We anticipate that such bit growth rates in memory will be largely met by continued shrinks and fab line conversions with only a few memory companies adding capacity of any significance. As we saw in the second half of 2009, we expect foundries to remain a key component of spending in 2010, since their customers continue to drive demand for high performance, low cost chips, requiring investment in leading edge capacity expansion at the 45 and 40-nanometer nodes. Capital intensity per foundry has been very low since 2004, running somewhere in the 5% to 6% of revenue range, and is expected to increase somewhat in 2010, and likely in 2011, to somewhere in the 9% range for WFE investment intensity. Consistent with our expectations of strong share gains in Etch and Clean and relative to our expectations of a $20 billion to $22 billion wafer fab equipment spending environment, Etch shipments should be greater than 100% year-on-year; Clean shipments should be greater than 150% year-on-year.  With our midpoint estimate of WFE growth in the low to mid-60% range, this level of year-on-year system shipment growth for Lam Research is a strong indicator of the level of progress we are making in adding meaningful market share gains in both Etch and Clean in 2010. We have continued to make significant investments in R&D over the past few years, and currently our new product portfolios are all shipping new designs at the beta development stage, or you might call it the preproduction phase.  Shipments started in December and will continue through June of 2010 and we have shipped to customers new products in the final stages of product development and release in dielectric conductor and through silicon via etch, spin and linear clean and an unannounced new product in an emerging market where customers are facing distinct challenges with new materials and structures being introduced into smaller devices at 32-nanometer and below nodes.  Over the next couple of quarters we will continue to ship into each of these markets a number of these development tools for customer R&D and evaluation purposes while expensing all the costs associated with the building and support of these products in the field. By mid-year, once we have established commercial in production viability of these products, we will begin capitalizing and inventorying the costs associated with these new products and our expense levels will be lessened going forward both above and below the line. Calendar year 2010 is looking to be an exciting year for Lam Research with our new product introductions and strong market share gains and an improved wafer fab equipment spending environment. While it is not yet clear what the second half of 2010 will bring, we are confident in the strength of our products and the capability of our people to meet the challenges of the coming year. Moving on to the March quarter, our guidance is as follows. Shipments are $735 million plus or minus $15 million, revenues of $620 million plus or minus $10 million, gross margin at 46%, plus or minus 1%, operating profit, 22%, plus or minus 1.5% and earnings per share of $0.80, plus or minus $0.05. With the volume we expect to ship in the first half, we are well positioned to meet any requirements in demand as the shipment patterns for the second half of 2010 become clearer. However, as we move through the year, we plan to keep our expenditures tightly controlled, in the line with the expectations at this time that we will likely be looking at shipping less systems in the second half of 2010 than we are scheduled to ship in the first half of 2010.  Regardless of the quarter-on-quarter progression of the wafer fab equipment spending dynamics in 2010, our planned shipments for the March quarter are a clear indication of our significant upward movement in market share for both Etch and Clean and we plan to deliver year-on-year performance for shipments, revenue and cash generation, well in excess of the growth rate in the wafer fab equipment market in 2010. With that, Ernie and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up question. And our first question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot and congratulations guys on the good work.
Steve Newberry: Thank you.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: In terms of the feedback that I've been getting on the wet Clean business and some of the wins you've been mentioning, aside from the technology and the differentiation you're providing, especially on the SEZ side, what's the biggest I guess selling point and I guess the inflection that's helping you gain share and as a follow-up to that side of the things, what's the biggest variable on that business in terms of margins at least on a qualitative basis?
Steve Newberry: I think that when you look at single wafer wet clean market, customers are looking for finding a partner that as they move applications from wet benches to single wafer clean, who do they trust that they can partner with to work with them and given that in our spin clean, having acquired SEZ products and brand name, have a very well-established reputation as an innovator and a market leader in spin clean. We've certainly then added to that the kinds of business model activities and partnering activities that we do with our customers in etch. We do real-time fast cycle problem solving for our customers. So that's a significant source of differentiation. We have drying technology on our spin tools that is very leading edge and we have excellent productivity with the ability to do a wide variety of applications in a very flexible manner which our customers really appreciate. In the linear side of the business, we've been able to capture business where critical control of particles and feature replication after clean, and that's enabled us to win a number of applications where the customer's very concerned about the impact to device reliability or device yield, and the short contact time capability and the ability to use dilute HF as opposed to other really strong chemicals provides us with a differentiated capability.  As it relates to margins, the big challenges for us as we've talked about for the last year is we have been in a redesign of product option architecture, and a movement from a very vertically integrated and a factoring process, both from a build and supply chain standpoint, to a modified outsource model, similar to our etch model, but not quite as extensive. We said that we would expect to see that a lot of our cost reduction improvements would begin to hit the early ones by the end of 2009, the majority of them by the middle of 2010, and that sometime later in the second half of 2010, we would see a lot of the benefits of the product option architecture, and the bringing on of new suppliers in a stronger outsourced model for our manufacturing activities in spin. So we are on track for those progresses. Our margins are improving. We have to offset that with the fact that we've now introduced a new linear product, that's a low cost, high productivity product, we'll be formally announcing that product a little later in the year but certainly when Ernie and I talked about the expenses associated with increased new product introductions, that included products in the linear clean as well as some new chamber configurations in the spin clean and all of those things will put a little bit of margin pressure on us in the short-term here on our positioning us very well for market share wins and ultimately increased profitability later in 2010 and then hopefully in 2011.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Great. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I guess that one of the key issues here is going to be any time shipments or revenue gets up to this level, everybody's always going to worry about sustainability and indeed you said at this point it looks like the second half is lower than the first half in terms of shipments. When you think about it from a broader cyclical context and kind of take away some of the timing issues, are there people left to order or take delivery of shipments that aren't ordering today or does this look like as good as it can get at this point in the cycle? Then my follow-up would be as you start to generate so much cash at this point in the cycle, any thought of doing a buyback? Thank you so much and congratulations.
Steve Newberry: Thanks for the congratulations and, you know, one of the things that we've been tracking is what's the percentage of shipments that are going to kind of the top five customers, and over the course of the last couple of quarters, the top five have taken 63% of the deliveries in the December quarter they're taking 80%. So the good news is that in the March quarter, they're going to take about 59%. And so we're starting to see the emergence of not such a significantly concentrated set of spending from the top five, relative to the others, and while it's early to really know what's going to happen in June, it looks like there will continue to be a similar pattern in June in terms of kind of more of a broad-based distribution of who's taking shipments.  I think that that's actually a good sign because it's reflective of the fact that the overall demand for integrated circuits across a broad range of DRAM, NAND even NOR, but certainly then microprocessor, logic and foundry it is occurring and it supports the forecasts and the data that says that the unit output that's occurring in late '09 and in the March quarter of 2010 are already up to the IC unit outputs that were shipping in the industry back in the peak time periods of 2008. So, all of that supports the fact that demand for integrated circuits is much healthier, much better and much stronger than I think most of us anticipated, and we're seeing the industry respond to that with a kind of shipment levels that you see us reporting, but as I noted in my comments, clearly the rate at which our shipments are increasing is a function of significant market share gains coming to manifestation, but also the fact that our operational response capabilities are really fast in this company and till we are able to ramp at rates that matched our customer's requested deliveries.  In terms of your second question, you asked the same question last quarter, Jim, about buybacks and my answer was that we're going to be in the cash accumulation mode for the next number of quarters for sure, so my answer is the same. We're going to be in a cash accumulation mode. We're going to certainly want to see how this cycle plays itself out. We're going to remain cautious. We're going to remain conservative. I'm sure that we will have a discussion at our Board meeting, but we will not be in the share buyback mode certainly in the near term.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: You mentioned that the June shipments will be in a similar pattern. Are you intending to say that the absolute shipment level would be similar? And secondly, when I look at shipments for ASML for example, the Company is guiding to book-to-bill of over 1.4 in Q1 and clearly looking at their booking's patterns and lead times, it looks like their second half shipments will be well in excess of the first half shipments. Do you assume that little machines need to go with other machines like etch? How do you sort of reconcile your shipments potentially being a lot higher in the first half than in the second half with that?
Steve Newberry: Okay. The first half, in terms of the shipment levels for June, I didn't really comment on it. I said was that the percentage mix that we see where the top five is 59% of the March shipments, I expected we would see a similar pattern in that, they would be somewhere around 60%, but I didn't speak to what the absolute levels are. And I'm not going to comment on that because reality is right now the volatility that is existing out here and the customer base is so significant that really just talking about one quarter has got enough risks in it and when I look at, when I was here talking just last quarter, where it looked like what we were going to ship in the first half of December was maybe up 10%, literally within a month to six weeks later, the orders came just pouring in and demands for shipment in March changed dramatically. So having said that, relative to ASML, I think that when you look at the rate at which shipments are increasing, not just for Lam but for the industry as a whole in the December quarter and in the March quarter, clearly customers have to already have the litho tools that are willing to go with that, either already installed or certainly out in front of the deliveries that they're going to take. So when I looked at the order patterns for ASML, it was clear that their orders were way up but that they weren't going to from the lead time standpoint be able to up their output until the June quarter. And again, if you think about what customers may be thinking or at least they indicate they're thinking, is that they expect that 2011 provided that the general global economic environment continues to improve, they expect that 2011 will be a good year for them. It makes total sense to me that they are going to have to get their litho orders in place, given the long lead times for litho. They're going to have to take delivery sometime late in 2010 if they are going to be able to ramp their output in 2011. And so when I look at that, all that's really telling me is what the customers are positioning themselves to do, but with most of the rest of us, in the front end equipment business, our lead times are so short that in reality, what they're going to do with us is something that they decide literally four to eight to ten weeks before we actually ship them the tool.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Hseuh with Oppenheimer and Company.
Gary Hseuh - Oppenheimer & Company: I think late last year you talked about shipment patterns in the first half of 2010 flattening out and now you're telling us that it looks like shipment patterns in the second half of 2010 have to start maybe subsiding a little bit. I guess why should we believe you this time? And what gives you confidence that you have better visibility or clarity now that far out? And maybe just as a basis for that discussion, if you could just talk about shipment levels, most of us are modeling capital spending, wafer fab equipment spending, what have you in 2010, pretty much at a similar level to what it was in 2008. Yet if I compare your shipment guidance here in the March quarter, 735 and the average kind of quarterly shipment number for 2008, which I think is the same CapEx environment of $420 million, I mean, I can't make that gap up just on market share alone. So can you help me out on apples-to-apples comparison or am I just wrong on my CapEx assumption?
Steve Newberry: Okay. Well, no disrespect intended, but what I would say, whenever I talk about what is going to happen, it's not what is going to happen, it's always predicated with based on what the customers are telling us today, based on what they are planning in terms of orders and shipments, this is what it looks like. And clearly, with the lead times as short as they are, I wouldn't believe anything anybody says because nobody knows. All you're really getting from me or from anybody else is what the current snapshot in time is, in terms of what the customers are saying they want to do, and what they're currently doing in this quarter. And so relative to what's actually going to happen in the second half of 2010, I don't know. I just know that if you take the current level of our shipment output on a systems basis, if we continue to ship at that rate, then the industry would have to spend about $28 billion in wafer fab equipment. And I think that that's less likely to be what they do. And so, therefore, when I look at what they're telling me they're planning on doing, they're telling me they're planning on taking less shipments in the second half than they are planning to take in the first half. Whether that's actually how it plays out, I don't know. So relative to our shipments in the March quarter, one, it's a function of the mix in terms of which customers have come into that quarter and accelerated their buys. They happen to be customers that we enjoy very healthy market share positions with. Happens to be a situation where even beyond those customers, that many customers who were not spending in the December quarter, who held off from spending in the December quarter, came in at the last minute, wanted deliveries in the March quarter, our flexible operations model enabled us to dramatically ramp our factory late in the December quarter, and significantly increase our output in the March quarter. I would suspect that a number of our other competitors or other companies in the wafer fab equipment space do not have that speed of ramp capability, so between market share, favorable customer mix, and the ability to ramp really fast, that's what's enabled us to have the numbers that we are. And the other is that from a Clean standpoint, we're ending up in a situation where as a function of the market share that I talked about us gaining in 2009 and the application wins that we had in '09 that will manifest themselves into some pretty healthy share gains in 2010, those are coming into play in the March quarter as well as our shipment output level for Clean in March jumps up even higher than our shipment output levels jump up for Etch.
Gary Hseuh - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And Steve, can I ask a follow-up?
Steve Newberry: Sure.
Gary Hseuh - Oppenheimer & Company: Actually for Ernie. Just quick question here. How much did accelerated expensing of cost and materials impact negatively the gross margin line in the December quarter?
Ernie Maddock: Accelerated expensing of materials wouldn't have had an impact in the gross margin line, because that would all be below the line.
Gary Hseuh - Oppenheimer & Company: How about below the line, then?
Ernie Maddock: Well, if you look at the delta between the imputed guidance for the December quarter and where we are, about half of that would have been attributed to materials and the other half to the variable comp that was a function of the higher profitability levels.
Gary Hseuh - Oppenheimer & Company: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Hey, thank you. Hi, Steve, hi, Ernie. I was wondering if you had any estimate, Steve, of what percentage of your March system shipments you think are for technology upgrade versus capacity expansion? think are for technology upgrade versus capacity expansion? My follow-up question was if you had any color you could share on customer type, that you would likely shift to in the March quarter? Do you think we're kind of at the peak for foundry shipments? Thanks.
Steve Newberry: Okay. So in memory, this is true for both NAND and DRAM, the majority of what's shipping in terms of enabling conversion of wafer starts from 6X to 5X or 4X in DRAM and from 5X to 4X and 3X in NAND is going into conversions. When a customer has to buy 10,000 wafer starts per month of all new equipment, in DRAM that will cost them typically about $275 million for those 10,000 wafer starts per month. Right now, when we look at what they spent in 2009 and what it looks like they're going to spend in 2010, they're only going to have to spend about $130 million or $135 million for every 10,000 wafer starts. And so that means that about two-thirds of the spending is probably going to conversions and a third's going into new and that's probably true for both DRAM and NAND. In NAND, NAND's a little less expensive than DRAM. Normally if you had to buy 10,000 wafer starts of new capacity you would have to spend about $240 million. It looks like the NAND guys are going to spend about $100 million for every 10,000 wafer starts, this is on average. And so we think that DRAM conversions are going to be about 500,000 wafer starts, probably about 400 are conversions. We think that NAND's going to do about 450,000 of leading edge memory and about 350,000 of that will be conversions and about 100 will be with new equipment and so the overall increase in total capacity output, NAND's going to probably increase its total capacity output about 150,000 wafer starts. Interestingly, DRAM's probably going to do about the same, about another 150,000. Total increase in wafer start capacity, all of which reinforces that most of its conversion, and so therefore, the capital asset intensity for DRAM and NAND are down at very low levels, about 20% of their revenue, which is much lower than the historical average of about 27% for memory. And then you asked a question about
Carol Raeburn: Customer types.
Steve Newberry: Oh, customer types. If you look at our mix of shipments for the next quarter, I mean, we're going to ship about 56% of our output will probably go to memory and for the March quarter, output to memory's probably going to be closer to about 70%, and when you look at that, about three-quarters of that will be DRAM and a quarter of it will be NAND and I should point out that a lot of people talk about the fact that there has not been that much shipment into NAND and that's correct, but that changes where there's a significant increase in shipments into NAND but there's also a significant increase in shipments into DRAM. Foundry will be strong in the March quarter. But I also expect that foundry will be strong for most of 2010, if not all, but foundry and logic will be about 30%, with foundry being about 25% of the total shipments. So you can figure out who the customers are that make up that spending, I think.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, Steve, first question, can you talk a bit more about your underlying assumptions in your $20 billion to $22 billion wafer fab equipment and where you would see potential for upside?
Steve Newberry: Well, when we look at trying to guess what the customers will actually spend, kind of look at a whole variety of things, starting from what are all the basic forecasts for worldwide GDP and where is that spending going to occur and as a function of that spending, what's the percent of electronics in that particular country or region. How does that ultimately manifest itself in terms of what do we think PC growth is going to be which we think is going to be 14% next year. What do we think cell phone growth will be which we think it like 16% with SmartPhones being about 45% growth and ultimately making up 20% of cell phones? So we roll through all these major segments and we look at the memory intensity, the NAND intensity and ultimately we look at what do we think that's going to generate in terms of unit demand and then we convert that into wafer starts and all that kind of stuff and then we cross check it with all the kind of macro things that we can and what we've kind of found is that if the macroeconomic environment stay reasonably stable in terms of being predictable, so in this case this forecast is built around an assumption of worldwide GDP growth, around 2.5 and upside, some people will tell you 3 to 3.5 and some people will tell you it's 2%, but we kind of built it around 2.5% and the reality is that if the economy recovers better and it's stronger and if I see unit demand is stronger, then customers will spend more. On the flip side, if worldwide GDP is less than that, if the recovery in the US stalls, if China bank policy ends up clamping down on spending in China, then you're going to see an impact on electronics, you're going to see an impact on unit growth, and so the reality is this is our best estimate, based on those kind of scenarios and based on looking at what customer behavior has been in the past, but the reality is that if any major variable changes of substance, what the customers will actually spend can be quite different than any forecast.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital:  Got you. Very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, trying to better understand the upside to shipments in Q1 and I know you talked on it briefly earlier but I guess could you help me maybe in percentage terms talk to the upside there.
Ernie Maddock: The upside in March? Actually, I thought you probably would ask me a question like gee, what's the risk to your margin, is there a down side?
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: No, no, no to your shipments, not your gross margin.
Ernie Maddock: I know.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Not upside to that, no, I'm sorry. Upside relative to kind of a 550, 600 run rate, what's driving that upside? Is it share gains in Taiwan? Is it your existing Etch customer base pulling into Q1? Is it strength in Clean? Is there a way to quantify each contribution from those three areas?
Steve Newberry: You're talking about the upside that we have in terms of our shipments going up 45% when probably most other people are not going to do that.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Exactly.
Steve Newberry: The answer to your question is all those things you mentioned, yes, it's Etch market share, it's Clean market share, it's customer mix, it's the ramp rate ability of the factory, it's literally all of those things and, you know, on one hand, you look at that and you go okay, it's great that, one, we have the operational flexibility to be able to ramp this fast. Two, it's always nice when the customer mix turns favorable. Three, it's always nice when your application wins, which I've been talking about for a long time, really start to manifest themselves in terms of what the customers are now buying in volume production are where those application wins have occurred and now we're really seeing the rewards of that. And so what happens is every once in a while you get a quarter like this where it all seems to come together and our philosophy is we're going to do everything we can and if the customers want it, need it in a very short time frame, we're going to provide it to them and then we'll clearly have to go deal with what's on the other side of that and we'll just have to deal with that when it comes but that's kind of the best answer I can give you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Regarding the margins, if you can help me out with here, if I look at what you're guiding for the third quarter and I compare it to your historical level, granted now you have a clean business, it seems like your Etch business margin is also somewhat below your historical level. Can you help us just talk about your Etch business and when do you think that part of the business can get back to 50% plus gross margin? I have a follow-up with that.
Ernie Maddock: Sure, Edwin. This is Ernie. I think it's fair to say the underlying Etch business margin performance is very comparable to past periods. You do have quarter to quarter mix as to which customers are buying, because not all customers in fact have the same level of gross margin performance but if you look at it on a customer by customer basis and across the whole business, we're well within the norm range of the margin performance we've experienced in the past.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Okay. Great. Then just I guess just to reclarify what you mentioned, Steve. You talked about a new product that you guys potentially will be announcing sometime in this year. And just very quickly, I think you mentioned it's a linear product and you said it's in an emerging market. Does that mean a new market, new market doesn't know what it's doing yet or is there a new area? You guys try to enter there.
Steve Newberry: We actually have multiple new products. We have a new linear Clean product that we just started shipping in December. In addition to that, in a different emerging market, we have a new product that we have not talked about with any specificity. We have shipped multiple units of that product to multiple customers who are now putting it into production and are production qualifying it. Assuming that that goes well and that product continues to ship into this 32-nanometer application, then we'll come out and we'll speak to it. The only reason we've mentioned it kind of in generalities before is it's shipping now and as Ernie talked about we're expensing all the costs associated with those products. We want people to understand that. But the new linear product started shipping in December. It will ship again and then we have a number of new Etch chambers that are addressing next generation processing capability at the 3X and the 2X nodes as well as the new Through-Silicon Via chamber so we've been very busy over the last couple years with our R&D investments and that pipeline is really coming to fruition and those products are shipping out now and puts a little pressure on the P&L in the short term, but these products are going to put us in significantly beneficial position for additional market share wins and productivity benefits to our customers that I think will be very valuable to the customer base and very important for Lam's future success.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Thanks, Steve. Couple things. You know, your numbers on the back half of the year certainly match mine which I guess is nice. First of all, you've been doing this for a long, long time and every time shipments roll over, if you look back 10, 15 years, the shortest it's ever lasted was four quarters in a row. So I guess my first question is why would it be different this time that shipments if they do roll over in the back half of the year, if that's what happens, why would it last for any less than four quarters? Is there something different this time?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think that when we look at kind of if we go back and look at the 2002, 2003 time frame, kind of interesting that when the industry came off kind of interesting that when the industry came off the bottom back in really March of 2004 and you could even say December of 2003, kind of went up for four quarters and then it dropped down for a couple of quarters and it ran at a lower level but it wasn't really a downturn. I would classify what was going on late 2004 and early 2005 as more of a consolidation of the gains in terms of kind of getting supply and demand and capacity and output back in sync with each other. When I look at what's going on now, is we had a very sharp correction down. If you look at the bookings were declining, the shipments were declining, and we fell into the hole and we climbed back up and you're right, we have a very accelerated level of shipments into the installed base, most of which in memory is going to wafer start conversions, not wafer start additions, and so I think that we will go through a period of consolidating our gains, where the shipment levels may very well be less than kind of the peak shipment levels that you're seeing right now, but I expect them to be at levels well above what you would call a downturn. In other words, you come up and then you kind of settle in, consolidate your gains, run for two, three, maybe it is four quarters, and then depending upon the demand environment, you then move on up. I think the one thing that I noticed when I was looking at this 2004, 2005 situation, is demand actually went flat for three quarters in a row back in that late 2004, 2005 time frame. And that also contributed to why spending kind of stayed flat and so I think the key in terms of how long a consolidation phase, if it occurs, ends up lasting is really a function of what happens to IC unit demand. If we get unit demand growth then the customers are going to start investing again at increasing levels, possibly as early as the end of 2010. If we get a flat IC unit environment as a function of the economic situation, then this thing could last for the type of time frame you're talking about, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Okay. Steve. Thanks. I guess just a quick follow-up. Looking at the margins, if I compare operating margin guidance relative to last cycle, it's about 800 basis points lower and it's hard to believe if the Clean business is only 20 to 25% of the revenue, that it would be solely due to that, because that would imply that the Clean business would have zero margin, so is there some way to quantify some of these kind of extraneous expenses so that we don't conclude that there's some corrosion in your core Etch margins? Thanks.
Steve Newberry: If you look at kind of many, many quarters of average as opposed to any one let's say peak quarter, our average gross margins are really around 50%. And that margin that we were able to do at the high ends of upturns, a function of primarily being in the Etch business, the percentage of our business that was Customer Service business related where the margins are lower and now of course with the introduction of Clean coming into it, and the margins in Clean being one that we're growing on, one, I view that at 46% gross margin we're about 400 basis points below that 50% that we would normally be at. I believe that as we go forward, and we continue to get more volume in terms of when that actually occurs, as this cycle plays out in totality over a multi-year period of time, I don't know, but our Customer Service business will become a smaller percentage of the total than it is today. Our Clean cost structure will get beneficially improved as time goes forward. So that margins will improve even if volume didn't improve but if you get volume and cost improvements you'll get a double leverage. And as Ernie said, as we've worked through all the customer mix issues and we've looked at our market share growth and our competitiveness in Etch, fundamentally, our margins in Etch are essentially right where they've been for the vast majority of the past. So I think we have a short-term situation, short-term being the next couple or three quarters where the industry has decided that it wants to accelerate shipments earlier than most of us would have expected. I communicated to the investment community that if the ramp started earlier, relative to some of the things that we're doing in Clean, relative to some of the things that we're doing with new product introductions, that our ability to expand our margins in the first half or so of 2010 would be a little bit challenging, and that's the scenario that's played out and we've tried to explain that but I think that as we go forward over time, our ability to continue to deliver higher gross margins on higher levels of revenue and to leverage our OpEx investment better, I think where we're going to see the Company is where we've said we wanted to be, that as we accelerated our growth via our adjacent market strategy, that instead of being a 29% operating income, we said we were going to shoot to be a 27 to 27.5% and I still think we're on track to be able to achieve that with this adjacent market strategy. Just takes some time to play itself out.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Banc of America Merrill Lynch:  Thanks for taking my question. I was trying to understand, given the fact that you have a $20 billion to $22 billion wafer fab equipment spending for this year, how high do you think the wafer fab spending can go before we hit the roadblock of building out new fabs or in other words, how high can capacity expansion take us in a wafer fab equipment spending level, and also once you get back to normalized margin run rate after the new product introductions, what do you think of the incremental margin going forward? Is it going to be in the 40 to 50% range or could it be better? Thank you.
Steve Newberry: I'll have Ernie talk about the incremental margin activities, but I mean, when I look at WFE, I mean, you raise a good question. How much fab Clean room space is out there already built that people can wafer start into and that's really most applicable to the foundry business whereas the wafer start growth is occurring on the leading edge at 45 and 40, that's all new equipment. There's interestingly because they're seeing increases in demand at actually 65 and 90, there's actually equipment that is being sold and going into those fabs where they still have some degree of room. So I think that what's planned by customers in 2010 is certainly consistent with what they have fab Clean room space to accommodate. If they were to spend $25 billion or $28 billion would they run out of space? That's impossible to answer, because it would depend on which segment of the industry you're talking about. Memory is spending a lot of money but not adding really very many wafer starts. It's all conversions and so conversions don't take up more space, yet Samsung is continuing to build some additional lines, Charter has an ANX available, UMC has some space. TSMC's building another fab, and Micron and Intel in Singapore have the ability to go and make an investment and get their Singapore fab ready to go, which could be expanded into. So I think it's almost impossible to answer, but I think that the amount of WFE spending that we're talking about is not constrained by Clean room space or litho capacity.
Ernie Maddock: Krish, relative to the gross margin question, if you assume a normalized environment and after we're through all of the new product introduction activities, depending on product mix, probably targeting somewhere slightly under to slightly over 50% is not a bad place to be for incremental gross margin. You're obviously going to get the leverage on the OpEx side but that's a range to work with.
Krish Sankar - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank.
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Could you comment on your outlook for the Taiwanese memory makers? Are you seeing any changes there? Secondly, what are tool lead times now for an order placed?
Steve Newberry: The situation in Taiwan is pretty stable and by that I mean the power chip and (Inaudible) are continuing to take whatever cash they are generating and basically service their debt. They're running their fabs. They're bringing more wafer starts online. As long as it's consistent with being able to generate cash. And the current pricing environment is enabling them to do that. Whether they will choose in 2010 to make investments to try to get some wafer starts converted or add some wafer starts that can operate at 5X, we'll have to see. As it stands right now, they are evaluating that. Certainly I think we all know that Rex chip and (inaudible), they certainly have access to some amount of capital and there's a conversion process that's going on for them in memory and so they are investing, but how that plays itself out I think is a function of access to capital. So that's kind of the situation in Taiwan. What was the other question? Did you have another question?
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: What are lead times now for an order placed?
Steve Newberry: Somebody ordered today, end of January, May. It's about 12 weeks. When things are kind of rolling along, steady state, we can do eight weeks, but we've been stressed pretty hard here in the short term.
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Not to beat a dead horse but you comment on less systems in the second half I believe are quite consistent with the official comments by memory makers where DRAM is 70/30 first half loaded and foundry, 60, 40 loaded. If you just run the math off of our 60% CapEx year-over-year assumption looks like second half could be down 30% in shipments. First, does the math make sense the second half down 30%, and in terms of segments, relatively which segment is coming down in second half, foundry, NAND or DRAM?
Steve Newberry: I'm kind of chuckling because that's the answer everybody would like to know. The reality is, no matter what I would say to you, based on what we know today, I only know one thing for sure. It will be different. And I will be wrong. And so there really from my perspective, isn't any point in speculating about the second half. Your numbers could be right. I could come up with scenarios as to why it could be stronger. I could come up with scenarios as to why it could be weaker. Reality is we don't really worry about that, and I'll tell you why. We build a business model here that as we demonstrated in the December and March quarters, if the customers decide after waiting and waiting and waiting they want it now, we deliver it to them. If they decide that after we delivered all of them there isn't enough demand out there and they don't want anymore, we're going to adjust to that. So we're just going to stay lean and mean and flexible, keep our expenditures under control, and really just don't know, just going to have to react to how it plays out.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: That's fair. Then I have a follow-up for Ernie. I'm still intrigued by this new product. Is it okay to assume this is alongside your core expertise of Etch and Clean and not in deposition or some sort of deposition and then Ernie, the model that you showed last year, $25 billion WFE and $4 in EPS. This new product is it fair to assume the model is still intact, $4 in EPS, $25 billion comps WFE run rate.
Ernie Maddock: One important caveat we said that was a two to three year model, so Steve made some comments earlier today that the sooner $25 billion comes, the more challenge we're going to have and so certainly within the time frames and the perspective we gave, it's absolutely intact. If $25 billion happens in 2010, we're going to be a little bit challenged relative to that model.
Steve Newberry: The new product question, we're not commenting specifically on what market this product's in and specifically what application it does. It's a very interesting market and we have a very interesting product and sometime later this year if things continue to go well we'll come out and talk about that with more specificity. But for now we're just talking about the fact that we've begun to ship it because it does affect our cost structure.
Carol Raeburn: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Just two quick questions. One is first on the R&D line I'm just looking at that and with the new product lion line you mentioned just wondered what level does R&D get to, does it stay in the low to mid 80s, or does it climb a bit higher over the next few quarters. My second question is maybe one way to I'm trying to think about this market is if we fast forward to 2011, assume we get to some sort of more normal year, what percentage of the wafer fab equipment market do you think Etch and single wafer Clean would be.
Steve Newberry: Relative to the R&D line, you could see that move just slightly higher here over the short term as we talked about with the expensing materials and that's a quarter by quarter sort of activity, but as soon as that's done, you're going to see the R&D line drop to more normalized levels.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay.
Ernie Maddock: So typically in an up market, Etch will increase as a percent of wafer fab equipment and we're kind of seeing that because we see in 2010 we think it's going to be somewhere around 12.7 to 12.8 and that's having to deal with the fact that litho is taking up a greater percentage of WFE. So while Etch doesn't change so much as a percentage of WFE, the fact that it stays the same means that actually, relative to some other applications, it's actually growing which is what happens when you look at the total number of dollars that have to be spent, number of wafer passes that require Etch particularly in the double patterning area, increases the size of the Etch market. Clean markets typically about 6% of wafer fab equipment as a whole. We're seeing the single wafer clean move up to about two-thirds of that. It's probably 55 to 60% today but it's probably going to be 60% of that market going forward. So that will accelerate the growth opportunities for us as both single wafer clean segment grows faster than WFE and then our market share growth will cause us to accelerate that even more. Okay?
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Very helpful. Thank you.
Carol Raeburn: We would like to thank you for joining us today. Please be advised that the web cast of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. Thank you for your interest in Lam Research and for participating.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's Lam Research Corporation December 2009 quarterly results conference call. Thank you for your participation and for using ATT conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Carol Raeburn  Senior Director of Investor Relations Ernest E. Maddock  Senior Vice President, CFO Stephen G. Newberry  President, CEO
Analysts: Stephen Chin - UBS Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs CJ Muse - Barclays Capital Tim Arcuri - Citigroup  Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Krishna Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Ben Pang - Caris & Company Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the LAM Research Corporation September 2009 quarterly financial results conference call. During todays presentations all parties will be in a listen only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. (Operators Instructions) This call is scheduled to conclude at 3:00 PM PST. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you Operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to LAM Research Corporations quarterly conference call. Here with me today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Ernie Maddock, Lams Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the September 2009 quarter and Steve will share our business outlook for the December quarter before opening up for Q&A.  A press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended September 27, 2009 was distributed by Business Wire shortly after 1:00 this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com Todays call contains forward-looking statements, including those relating to our forecast of shipments, revenues, expenses, margins and earnings per share as well as other statements of the companys expectations for weeks and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements and a list of these facts can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements are based on information as of todays date and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM and we please ask that you limit questions to one per firm.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the September quarter results.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Carol. As you may have seen from our press release earlier today the September quarter marks a return to profitability for LAM Research and come to think of it, for the first time in my tenure as CFO. September quarter shipments were inline with our guidance range at $355 million, a 44% increase over June quarter levels. These levels correspond to higher shipment rates in each of our systems and service business groups.  Application and market segment shipment breakout for the quarter are as follows; 300 millimeter applications represent 95% of total system shipments. Applications at less than or equal to the 65 nanometer technology node or 94% of system shipments. Memory segment customers comprise about 58% of the system shipments. And as a subset the nano component represents approximately 36% of total memory. Foundry customers were 28% of system shipments with logic and other at 14%.  September quarter revenue of $319 million exceeded our guidance range and represents an increase of 46% over June. September revenue levels were driven by strength from both memory and foundry customers and an increase in our install base revenue as a result of higher utilization levels and the resulting demand for spares and service products. Versus the June quarter, a larger percentage of September quarter shipments converted to revenue within the quarter reflecting customer requirements for rapid installations and qualification of new capacity.  September quarter ongoing gross margin of 41.2% exceeds our guidance range and reflects an increase of more than 1,000 basis points from the June quarter. Our stronger gross margin performance is the result of revenue growth, improved absorption in the factory and a more favorable product mix as the proportion of revenue attributed to systems increased. Ongoing operating expenses were $123 million for the September quarter, $9 million higher than the June quarter levels. You will recall that in the June quarter we enjoyed one-time credits of $4 million that we knew would not reoccur in September. The balance of the change is attributable to planned increases in R&D spending and increase variable compensation consistent with our return to profitability.  In keeping with our prior commentary and effective in the December quarter, we have eliminated additional mandatory shutdown days and salary reductions for most employees. Together with variable compensation increases resulting from increased profitability we expect that these items will add between $6-$8 million to quarterly OpEx beginning in the December quarter. Our ongoing operating income was $8 million for the September quarter, versus the guidance of a $10 million operating loss. The operating income performance is consistence with revenue and gross margin performance noted earlier.  Other income and expense was an expense of $400,000 and consist of foreign currency fluctuations partially offset by interest income.  Non ongoing items for the September quarter include $21 million in income primarily attributable to the partial settlement of matters associated with the companys 409A expenses resulting from the 2007 voluntary options review. The ongoing tax expense for the September quarter was $3 million and represents a tax rate of 45%. Our total tax for the quarter was $12 million and includes $9 million for non ongoing matters.  As we have previously discussed as our operating profits improve we expect our ongoing tax rate for fiscal 2010 to be in the high 20s. GAAP earnings were $0.13 per share based on accounts of 128 million shares and ongoing earnings were $0.03 per share versus our June quarter operating loss. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short term investments including restricted cash were $761 million, an increase of $3 million from the June quarter ending balance. Positive cash flow is generated by inventory accounts payable. And operating profits were offset by increase investments and accounts receivable associated with rising shipment levels.  Although our current view indicates continued positive cash generation we remain diligent in monitoring our ongoing cash requirements and do not expect to resume purchases under our share buy-back program at this time. Accounts receivable days outstanding decrease from 106 days in the June quarter to 93 days in the September quarter reflective of more shipments with standard versus extended payment terms. Inventory term increase from 2.6 in the June quarter to 3.3 turns in the September quarter, and its consistent with the growth in shipment levels. At the end of September our differed revenue balance was approximately $90 million, an increase of $25 million over the June quarter. This amount does not include approximately $23 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Total capital expenditures were $6 million for the quarter and depreciation and amortization were the same as the June quarter at $18 million. Employee headcount remained constant at approximately 2,930. For a more complete details of the geographic breakdown of shipments and revenues, please see todays press release and our website for a reconciliation of our shipments, revenue, differed revenue, cash and operational cash disbursement. And now to Steves comments.
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you, Ernie. And thank you all for all joining our call today. As a results for the September quarter indicate, the business environment is clearly improved during the September quarter. With revenues exceeding our guidance range we are pleased to see this level of business occur so quickly coming off such a substantial decline in shipments for the past three or four quarters. Very important result of our strong top line performance was our ability to return the company to profitability at a level of revenue lower than our targeted break even and at least one quarter earlier than many in the financial community expected. Looking at the environment, we see shipments are continuing to strengthen as we head into the final quarter of the year as foundry fabrication at the leading edge technology nodes is running in the mid to high 90s at many foundries. And many companies and memory companies are increasing the rate at which they are bringing next generation D-Ram and nano wafer starts online. Tool purchase and memory are still largely for technology convergence and remain concentrated amongst though companies who have adequate financial resources to make capital investments. There has been significant improvement in NAND and D-Ram pricing with pricing on some devices in both segments more than double what they were only six months ago.  As we look to 2010, we expect the first half wafer fab equipment shipments will likely remain in a similar to slightly higher range as compared to the second half of 2009, which we estimate to be running at an annualized rate of around 15-16 billion for wafer fab equipment. As the global economy continues to improve and demand from consumers and corporations increased though 2010 we expect at this time a demand for semi conduction wafer fab equipment will be stronger in 2010, likely in the 18 billion plus or minus 2 billion range.  Although the past year has been extremely challenging, we have maintained our investments in new product R&D and are focused on improving customer productivity in our install base and delivering continuously improved high performance, lower cost designs for our etch and clean proceeding chambers. As always we have focused on defending application based market share and winning new application share. As the mix of customer spending is becoming more favorable to us with both foundries and memory manufacturers spending more in the current environment we expect our market share performance to show improvement in 2009 relative to 2008. In (inaudible) we have won a number of new development tool of record decisions with both our spin cleaner and linear technologies, year-to-date in 2009. These wins at 65 nanometer and below are the results of our tools abilities to deliver superior chemical flexibility in critical dimension line width control contributing to improved yield and devise reliability.  While some of these tools of record decisions will not results in shipments in 2009, many of them will ship in 2009 contributing to market share growth for us in single wafer clean in 2009 and these wins will place us well on our path to achieve wafer clean market share in the mid 30s over the next couple of years. In nets we continue to extend our leading market share position adding 12 net applications wins year-to-date. These wins are largely in the emerging critical X segments, such as high K metal gate at 23 nanometer and below. As well as through silicon via applications. As DRAM manufactures transition to copper at the five X node, NAND manufactures transitions to three X production and capacitor technology at (inaudible) moves from trench to stocks, we are expecting increased etch market share in the memory market over the next couple quarters. Overall, we expect LAM Research will go faster in the second half of 2009 and into 2010 relative to the overall wafer fab equipment market as the segments and customers, we enjoy strong market share positions and new market share wins in both etch and single wafer clean resume or accelerate equipment purchases and as a result increase the proportion of spending in our favor. Now moving into the December quarter our guidance is as follows. Shipments of $480 million plus or minus $15 million. Revenues of $450 million, plus or minus $10 million. Gross margins at 44% plus or minus 1.5 percentage points. Operating profits at 15% plus or minus 1.5 percentage points. And earnings per share up $0.38 plus or minus $0.05. We posted significant growth in shipments and revenues from the June quarter to the September quarter. And based on our guidance you can see that progression continuing into December. While the industry is clearly made a strong move off of an under invested first half of 2009, legitimate concerns remain about the robustness of the macro economic recovery, particularly in the United States.  The electronics and semi-conductor industries remain very linked to world wide GDP and consumer spending. And while we continue to use our operational flexibility and rapid response capabilities to meet the shipment needs of our customers we will remain cautious with the level of our expenditures. Throughout the depths of the downturn we chose to invest some of our healthy cash balance into maintaining our strategic investments and R&D as well as field and factory joint development projects with our customers. As a result of this continuous investment we dont expect at this time to significantly increase our R&D investment in the coming quarters. Going forward we plan to continue our strong focus on managing and growing our cash positions. As Ernie indicated in his comments related to Op Ex progression, we have reinstated full salaries to our employees with the exception of the top senior executives. And with the level of revenue and profit expected in the December quarter we will begin increasing accruals in our very low compensation plans associated with our increased profit and cash flows. I want to thank each and every employee at LAM Research for their personal sacrifices during this period of unprecedented economic and financial turmoil. Their efforts on behalf of our customers and the company is why we have been able to quickly return to profitability and why we are well positioned to achieved further market share gains in 2009 and 2010. With that, Ernie and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operators Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS:  Great. Hi, Steve. Hi, Ernie. Congrats on the strong sales and shipment guidance there. My question is what customer types, Steve, would you say is driving this upside? Is it mostly (inaudible) spending aggressively to move from trench to stack or is it also these foundry customers continuing their strong equipment activity? 
Stephen G. Newberry: It's fairly broad based. You have a number of DRAM players, certainly the ones that you mentioned, but also there's investment going on with the leading band players, and then certainly as a percent of the total, the foundry players, particularly the two biggest ones are spending at levels that are historically greater than what they typically have, at least as a percentage of the total market. So the shipment activity at this point in time is actually pretty broad based and that's encouraging.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Hi, Steve. Just wanted to parse your statements and your thoughts on what shipments might look like as we head into next year. You mentioned that the first half next year equipment spend rate would be slightly higher than the second half, and as I sort of look at your shipment run rate in the second half of this year, you're sort of implying a 425-ish average run rate in the first half. I just wanted to think about how you think about your shipments in Q1 because I guess you're also gaining some market share and getting some traction in clean. So I was wondering if you can add some color on how you see directionally shipments holding up into Q1?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, what I said in my prepared comments was that at this point in time, if you take the shipments in the second half of '09, that what customers are indicating they're going to want us to ship in the first half of 2010 would be flat to slightly up. And so if we look into the March quarter where we have some degree of visibility, the March quarter looks to be, from a shipment standpoint, up from the December quarter and the reality relative to June is at this point in time with the lead times for a company like us being so fast that really kind of trying to forecast June as just that.  It's just a forecast. It's not a function of dealing with known orders and known backlog and so I think that you kind of just have to take that overall perspective that it's kind of flattish to slightly up, and I think what'll actually happen is as we get through the holiday season we'll get to the March quarter which will be a seasonal low from an output standpoint, but what deliveries they really take in March and June will be a function of how do they think the middle to the latter half of 2010 is shaping up and June deliveries will be a function of how do they see the holiday period shaping up?  And so right now we have a lot of spending that's associated with the continuing technology conversions, particularly in memory without resulting in really any wafer start expansion, whereas what we see from NAND is that you have the same technology conversion occurring, but based on the expected bit growth per NAND, we're actually going to see wafer start expansion in NAND, and then of course in the foundries with the utilizations really essentially sold out on 65 nm, very strong at 45, and the equipment going in is for wafer start expansion at the 45 nm node.  So, I think that we have some good trends in that there's a need to continue to do the technology conversions, what they have to spend money on, and the leading edge logic looks like the fab like companies are wanting to move aggressively to 45 nm. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks so much for taking the call. Good afternoon. I guess a couple questions I would ask. If we can only do one I might say what are you going to need to see to initiate the buyback again, Steve?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, we have been focused in the last year on making sure that we had enough cash to potentially survive a disastrous global economy. We've all managed to dodge that bullet and for the first quarter we managed to eek out a $3 million positive cash flow.  So to be perfectly honest with you, the board discussions to date have not been about gee, when can we get back and start doing share buybacks? And so we'll begin to have that discussion, but I think we can safely assume that we are going to be in a cash accumulation mode for the next couple of quarters. We're going to want to see how this economy continues to play out. I think you can expect us to be relatively conservative relative to rebuilding the cash position and it's probably a question that we might better be able to answer sometime two to three quarters from now, but certainly right now we have no plans and have made no decisions as to when the share buybacks will restart.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Barclays Capital. 
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess considering your outlook for roughly 18 billion plus or minus wafer fab equipment, what you're thinking about for clean and I guess how you see the trajectory for spares and service. At the 450 and 500 million revenue level, I guess considering that mix, what would you say is your target gross margin level?
Ernest E. Maddock: Well, since we guided 450 million for the December quarter and we guided 44% gross margin, I'd say thats probably a  kind of being able to specifically answer your question. I think as we move up to 500 million, I think you would expect that we would gain some benefits from additional absorption in our factories around the world and with our field service organizations around the world.  I think you'll also see, as we move up to those levels, that some of the cost reduction programs that we have, particularly those in clean, will be able to manifest themselves. And so, I would hope that again depending upon how quickly we get to 500 million that we could pick up a couple of margin points. But having said that, the current environment is so concentrated relative to  really five customers make up about 70% of what the December shipments are going to be. In fact, I think it's about 73%. And so these customers tend to be the largest in the world and they tend to enjoy some of the best pricing environments. And so at these revenue levels, really it's hard to really know exactly what the margin situation is going to be because theres pricing elements that come into play along with those beneficial elements that I talked about in terms of absorption, but clearly right now we're at the 44% plus or minus 1.5 and hopefully as we progress quarter to quarter that we can have the right customer mix have the right product mix, and we can see that move up a point or two, but we'll just have to see what the mix issues are and the timing are.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tim Arcuri with Citi.
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup :  Hi, Steve. Something very interesting seems to be happening because if you look at what ASML's orders are in December, kind of what theyre guiding to, and you sort of assume that litho gained a big share next year of WFE, it sort of implies WFE next year, even if you just annualized that as sort of 25-27 billion, and you're talking about 18. And so there's like a $10 billion gap there.  So I'm wondering, it sort of seems like one of two things has to happen. Either litho orders have to roll back over in which case most other orders probably roll back over, or we're all sort of underestimating what these companies spend next year. So how do you sort of think about that? Is there something different happening this time where you can explain that big of a gap?
Stephen G. Newberry: I don't take litho run rates and annualize them in terms of what that really means for total WFE spending. Litho is a segment that has to get out in front of the semi manufacturers ability to go ramp wafer starts. While I haven't studied extensively how litho behaved coming out of the 2002-2003 downturn, what I am seeing in terms of what's going on with ASML doesn't surprise me. Every semiconductor company has to have in place, litho capacities with which to ramp whether it's technology needs because they're converting to the need for immersion or it's just waver start capacity output needs where they need more litho capacity. And so I think that what you typically see is that they're going to over-order relative to litho so that they ensure that they have the right amount of capacity available. And so I don't see what ASML is reporting as being inconsistent with an $18 billion overall wafer fab equipment environment. And I think you said that they would annualize out to somewhere around a $25 billion, I'm looking at this time is that's $18 billion plus or minus two, if it's on the high side it's 20, and given the price of these immersion tools I would very much expect that you would kind of see the kinds of deltas that you see, but I wouldn't annualize litho. I would look at what the other companies are reporting outside of litho. And my guess is that I think you'll see the rest of the industry somewhere in the vicinity that I'm talking about, but I haven't had the benefit of hearing what some of the other companies are saying, but that would be my guess.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with- Oppenheimer & Company.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Company:  Hi, Steve. I can't help but compare you guys to Novelis. They also reported the quarter unguided. And you're guiding your sequential revenue growth up at least 10 percentage points higher on a sequential basis at the top line revenue compared to Novelis. Now, I'm not sure it's right to take Novelis as appropriate for the overall industry, but in terms of that 10 percentage outperformance in your guidance, I was wondering if you could help us understand exactly what is driving that. What portion of that qualitatively is coming from your better exposure to the memory segment, what portion is perhaps coming from double patterning within memory, and what portion of that outperformance is coming from market share gains back in your SEZ business in your linear wet clean business. Just try to help me understand why you might be guiding better than Novelis as an industry proxy?
Stephen G. Newberry: I think you kind of called out a lot of the issues. One is clearly market share growth, another is customer mix where in spite of what people continue to think, it doesn't matter to us whether the order growth is in memory or foundry. We have very high share in both segments and so the only place that we are impacted is when Intel spends a whole bunch. And so, given that we have a lot of memory spending, we have got a lot of foundry spending, that's beneficial to us and certainly relative to my understanding of Novelis where they clearly have Intel business.  In addition, we're going to benefit by the fact that we are in a new segment and we're growing market share in the clean segment. We're penetrating the clean segment. If you look at who the single wafer clean spenders are this year, there's a couple foundry companies that are spending much more than what they spent in 2008 and we have good market share in the foundries. Were growing market share in the foundries relative to wet clean.  So I think all of those factors add up and so I think if you take them in combination, kind of in my prepared comments I said that you should expect that LAM Research would grow much faster than the wafer fab equipment market as a whole, and I think that's a good example in reinforcement of the fact that it's occurring.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok of Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company:  Hi, Steve, can you help me out with the etch and the clean market, how do you view that in 2010 in terms of how it compares to WFE? Do you expect both markets to outperform WFE and if so, what would be the drive for that?
Stephen G. Newberry: I don't think necessarily in 2010 that the etch market is going to outgrow WFE. One of the things that you have to think about is the makeup of WFE is shifting as litho becomes a greater proportion of the spending, given certainly the average costs of litho tools with the introduction of much more immersion.  When we look at the amount of money relative to each 10,000 wafer passes, whether youre talking DRAM or NAND or foundry, theres more etch wafer passes. Some of that's because of additional double patterning opportunities. There's more mask open activities that are favorable to etch and in particular as the foundry market increases its percentage of spending relative to the total WFE, I think that that's also favorable to etch. But you will not necessarily see etch as a percentage of the WFE spending change very much, and that's because of the impact of litho and how much of that spending it's taking.  And single wafer clean, I think single wafer clean in 2009 actually grew as opposed to  well, actually it declined about 5%. Which, if the total market declined about 38%, that only occurred because in a technology shift environment, the customer emphasis to move to the leading edge technologies to make their investments there, clearly there's a strong shift from batch processing to single wafer clean. As we go into 2010 and you get more of general spending, at least to a greater extent than the almost pure technology spending of 2009, the growth rate of single wafer clean will probably be slower than the growth rate of wafer fab equipment  maybe just slightly, but there will be some effect where a lot of batch cleaning will still be sold into the commodity of noncritical activities. And so I realize that that's kind of a complicated answer, but there is no simple answer given the makeup of where WFE spending occurs is shifting, but I do believe that it will be a good environment for both etch and single wafer clean and LAM Research next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Krishna Sankar with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Krishna Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, you had mentioned in your comments that you do not plan on increasing R&D (inaudible) significantly. Is the thought process that you have gained or pretty much gotten most of the market share that needs to be gained on single wafer clean, and that's why you didn't need to increase R&D going forward?  And also along the same path, if I remember right, your single wafer clean actually had probably three customers last year. Can you quantify how many you got this year and how many you expect to have in 2010?
Stephen G. Newberry: So, my comments about not increasing significantly our R&D investments is because we have been investing significantly all through the downturn and that has nothing to do with their not being any more single wafer market share. Were spending significant investment in single wafer clean and we intend to continue to invest in single wafer clean. And when I look at the opportunities that we've had relative to market share in single wafer clean, we have been focused on, first off, defending our positions around the world, which we've done well at  and to just give you a flavor in the logic and foundry space we've had seven new penetrations year to date for clean and penetrations in the logic are important because there tend to be a lot of wafer passes as you look at eight level, 10 level, l and even 12 level logic devices. Which isn't to say that we're not focused on memory penetration because we are, but we've been very successful with both our spin DD prime and our linear technologies at penetrating the logic space. My comment relative to not significantly increasing the spending was really one that we've been spending, we're seeing the market share benefits from that, we're going to continue to spend, but we're not in a situation where we suppressed our spending and now all of a sudden we have a whole bunch of things that we wanted to spend on and we didn't. We've been spending on those things. And while we may see and are likely to see some increase in R&D as a function of as the market grows and the number of GDPs and the number of evaluation tools go into the field, but you're not going to see a significant increase in R&D because we've been making the investment and will continue with it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho of Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus:  Can you just comment on the ability of the company to ramp up, particularly as shipments grow sharply with this past quarter as well as into the December quarter. Given all this cost cuts and the restructuring you've done, how do you feel the response time from your end on a going forward basis as you get back the historical levels that you've done in past upturns?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, maybe the best way to kind of characterize that is if you look at our shipments in the March quarter were 159. We ramped 55% in the June quarter to 246. We ramped 44% to 355. We've ramped another 36% to the 480 guidance number. So that's probably the best way to characterize that that's a pretty dramatic increase, yet we're shipping on time, particularly in etch. I would say where our biggest challenges have been is in our spin clean activity as the shipment level sin the spin clean have dramatically increased and they have ramped significantly. We have a little bit different product structure. We've talked about the fact that were re-architecting the production option architecture and that we're outsourcing what was largely a vertically integrated manufacturing process. And so our lead times in clean are a little bit longer and the good news is that our customers have significantly increased the demand and we're working with our customers to make sure that we prioritize the sequence and the priority of the right tools but I would expect that as we get through the December and the March quarters, as we shrink the lead times, as our supply chain improves in single wafer clean, that we'll be in the same vicinity in terms of ramp expansion capability that we have in etch, and we're dealing with this operational excellence, flexibility, and responsiveness, one of the strengths of Lam, and we're continuing to see that play out well for us in this up term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley:  Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, I was wondering if you can help me understand qualitatively, when you say the first half of next year (inaudible) could be flat to higher over second half of this year. In terms of segments, how would you see  I mean, foundry spending and (inaudible) spending are probably the biggest drivers for second half of this year so do you expect foundry to start to come down next year offset by NAND and DRAM kind of stands on an upward trajectory? Is that the right way to think about the segment distribution next year?
Stephen G. Newberry: Actually, I don't think so. For us, and we're not necessarily a proxy for how the actual distribution is for all of WFE, but memory is really running about 55%-60% of our total system shipments. And foundry is running closer to 35 and with logic closer to 40 or 45. So I'd see that trend continuing in the December quarter. I think that in terms of what we can see in March where we have some visibility, I think we're going to see memory in that same 55%-60% and were going to see foundry logic with the remainder and I think that we're not yet in a situation where at least in the first half that we're seeing a bunch of wafer start capacity output activity going on in DRAM. It's still converting. The 1.2 million wafer starts per month of 300 mm capacity, they're focused on converting the existing wafer start lines and I see that trend continuing. In NAND we're going to see that there's significant conversions from 5X lines to 3X and then there's some conversion from 4X to 2, an then there will be some wafer stock capacity expansion and so when I look at 210, and it's still early, we're expecting that with bit growth in NAND likely to be 80%-100% that it may be that for the first time we'll see wafer fab equipment investment for NAND capacity and NAND conversions will spend more than what's being spent in DRAM and that's in spite of the fact that I see unit output for DRAMs as about 15 billion units pear year and NAND is only 5 billion units per year, but it speaks to the fact that there's some really nice growth opportunities in NAND and we'll see how that plays out as 2010 kind of goes forward what we can see in March. But I do expect that the foundries and logic, as a percent, will be a greater percent than what we saw in the 2007 and 2008 timeframe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: Thank you for taking my question. First in terms of your application wins, you gave a metric of the applications that you won there. Can you give us an idea of what is that in total? How many did you lose, just so we can get a sense of how dominant you guys are in terms of being to win these new applications?
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, at etch I gave you 12 net wins so we won 14 and lost two, and in clean we've got six net wins and we lost two. So we had eight wins and we lost two and so we had a net six.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Kim with Deutsche Bank.
Peter Kim - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you would be good enough to provide a mix of end customer types for shipments next quarter?
Stephen G. Newberry: Kind of consistent with what I said earlier discussion, our mix in the September quarter was about 62% of our systems were memory and of that 62%, 21% NAND and 41% DRAM so that's of the total. And I think Ernie talked about NAND was 38% of memory. But another way to look at it is NAND flash was 21% of our total shipments and DRAM was 40% and the rest being logic and foundry. In the December quarter it's actually going to be very similar, but a little less memory, about 55%-60% memory and the foundry logic will be more like 40%-42%. So not all that much different in December versus September and the trend for March is pretty similar as well and we'll see how that shapes up because with the lead times as short as they are, customers ability to add or subject to the March shipments is readily available and so it's too early really to define that, but it's very similar to September December.
Operator: I show there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn it back to management. Please continue.
Carol Raeburn: We'd like to thank you for joining us today. Please be advised that the webcast of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. Thank you for your interest in LAM Research and for participating in today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the LAM Research Corporation September 2009 quarterly financial results conference call. Thank you for using ACT Conferencing, you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2009 Quarterly Financial Results Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will open for questions. (Operator Instructions). This call is scheduled to conclude at 3 PM. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Lam's Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the June 2009 quarter and Steve will share our business outlook for the September quarter before opening up for Q&A. A press-release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended June 28, 2009 was distributed by the Business Wire shortly after 1 o' clock this afternoon and is available on our website at Lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements including those relating to our forecasts of shipments, revenues, expenses, margins and earnings per share, as well as other statements of the Company's expectations, beliefs and funds, that are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and the list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to us until 3 PM and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. Without that I'll turn the call over to Ernie, who'll review of the June quarter results.
Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Carol. I'm happy to be able to share that we have exceeded on that guidance in all categories for the June quarter. June quarter shipments were $246 million, meaningfully higher than our guidance range for the quarter; reflecting Lam's ability to respond quickly to unexpected customer demand with leading edge capacity-related edge and clean equipment and to an uptick in demand in our installed base business. June quarter shipment levels represent an increase of 55% from the March quarter. But, application and market segment shipment breakout for the quarter 300 millimeter applications represent 95% of total system shipments. Applications at less than or equal to the 65 nanometer technology node were 93% of system shipments. During the June quarter, Memory segment customers comprise about 48% of the total system shipments. And as a subset, demand component represents approximately 48% of total memory. Foundry customers were 34% of system shipments with logic and other at 18%. June quarter revenue of $217.8 million exceeded our guidance range and represents a 25% increase from March quarter revenue. Our clean and edged systems businesses improved and our installed based business also posted higher than forecast revenues due to improvements in our customer's utilization rates and an increase in the number of service contracts. June quarter ongoing gross margin was 31.1% within the higher range of our guidance and reflects an increase of 430 basis points over March quarter levels. The gross margin performance is a result of improved product mix and better absorption from the factory and field related to increased business volume. Ongoing operating expenses were $114 million for the June quarter, a decrease of approximately 15 million from the March quarter. Our operating expenses reflect one-time credits and spending reductions of $4 million related to employee benefits, travel, supplies and legal expenses. We would not expect future quarters spending to benefit from similar credits or spending reductions. Our ongoing operating loss for the June quarter was $46.6 million, 13.4 million less than the midpoints of our guidance. Other income and expense was a positive $2.9 million for the quarter and consisted of interest income, partially offset by expenses related to balance sheet, currency hedges and interest expense. Non-ongoing expenses of 18.6 million, included 5.4 million for expenses related to our previously announced restructuring plans, a $4.6 million charge related to a legal matter and a $7.2 million non-cash charge related to the finalization of the March quarter of goodwill impairment. The ongoing tax expense for the quarter was $13.3 million, representing a tax rate of negative 30.4% on the operating loss. And our total tax for the quarter was 26.2 million and includes the $12.9 million charge related to ongoing... non-ongoing matters. As we've previously discussed, our tax structure is optimized for operating profits rather than losses and we expect to have continuing tax expenses in periods of operating losses. GAAP loss per share was $0.70 and the ongoing loss was $0.45 per share based upon a $126 million shares. Moving onto our balance sheet, cash and short-term investments including restricted cash was $758 million, a decrease of 49 million from the March quarter ending balance and reflective of our improved financial performance and focus on minimizing cash expenditures. Accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly from 103 days in March to 106 days in June, reflective of the increase in shipment rates and the timing of associated collections. We anticipate DSO performance to remain at or near this level for the remainder of the calendar year. Inventory levels decreased by 10% consistent with the rise in shipments levels, resulting in improved inventory turns of 2.6, up from 2.1 in the March quarter. At the end of June our deferred revenue balance was $64.7 million, which does not include $13 million related to Japanese shipments and that will be acknowledged as revenue in future quarters. As June represents our fiscal year-end, backlog was 391 million at the end of the June quarter, compared to our last disposed backlog of 410 million as of the June 2008 quarter. Total capital expenditures were $6 million for the quarter and depreciation and the amortization decreased slightly to $18 million. Employee headcount declined slightly to 2,930 employees. Non-cash expenses included in the June quarter ongoing results, includes 13 million for equity compensation and 18 million in depreciation and amortization noted a moment ago. As previously discussed, we continue to suspend purchases under our $250 million share buyback program on which approximately 225 million remains. As we regain sustained positive cash flow levels, the status of the share buyback plan will be revisited. For more complete details of the geographic breakdown of shipments and revenues, please see today's press release and our website for reconciliation of our shipments revenue, deferred revenue, cash and operational cash disbursements. Now to Steve's comments.
Stephen G. Newberry: Thank you, Ernie. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our June conference call. As you can see from the results we posted for the June quarter, there is a definite improvement in the business environment. Increased investments are being made for new equipments, as well as upgrades to expand leading-edge wafer starts in foundry, logic and memory. And together with improvements in fab utilization, we are experiencing a strong rebound in shipments and revenue after depressed levels of the March quarter. Having said that, we still expect that spending on wafer fab equipment for 2009, will be in the range of 10 to 11 billion; now bias to the high-end of that range. Back in January, we said a second half improvements in demand for wafer fab equipment would be required to get to that level of spending and at this point in time, it appears that scenario will clay out close to what we thought. Even if memory pricing has improved over the past few months, our analysis suggests there still remains approximately 20% or 350,000 wafer starts per month of idled memory capacity. In previous cycles, it has been common practice for our customers to upgrade idled equipment where possible as a cost effective solution to meeting new technology node output needs at this point in the cycle. With the current high volume of idle capacity available for remanufacture and upgrade, we anticipate that conversion activity will represent a meaningful revenue opportunity for us over the next few years. This opportunity is substantial in edge, where new technology capability is typically required to meet leading edge requirements at the next technology node. A year or so ago, we established our reliant product group to increase our focus and capabilities on the refurb and upgrades business opportunities we expected to be available in edge and have now added a clean refurbishment and upgrades business unit to support our customers need relative to Lam's installed base for single wafer cleaners, which is the largest in the world. In today edge market, as our customers utilize available idled equipment and either refurbish or upgrade the equipment, this temporarily reduces the total demand for edge equipment purchases at the leading-edge, particularly in memory by about 45 to 50%. Once demand accelerates and capacity utilization rises, there is a little to no available tools for refurbishment or upgrade on the leading-edge and most of all leading-edge wafer start editions must be filled utilizing new equipment. All their installed based tools cannot be refurbished or upgraded for reuse on the leading-edge. But, they can be utilized in trailing edge foundries where 300 millimeter tool sets are needed. We intend to be very active and to use 300 millimeter tool set market, as it develops in the coming quarters. During our recent analyst event, we shared various longer term targets for Lam's market share in financial performance when wafer fab equipment spending once again reaches anticipated levels of 20 billion and 25 billion. One of these targets was to achieve market share in the mid 30s in single-wafer clean. As we have said many times, the market for single-wafer clean is growing faster than most segments in wafer fab equipment. In 2009, we estimate that 3.5% of wafer fab equipment will be spent on single-wafer clean equipment and over the next five years or so, we expect spending to rise to around 5% of wafer fab equipment. Lam's key positions of strength in single-wafer clean had historically been in back-end of the line, foundry and logic and spending for new equipment in those segments has been suppressed over the past 12 months resulting in temporally exacerbated reductions in revenues and market share for our equipment. When new capacity is added in foundry and logic, we expect our market share will increase by 4 to 7 percentage points with our current tool of record positions. In addition, over the next six to 18 months we are targeting numerous application penetrations at existing single-wafer customers as well as our customers who will be introducing single wafer cleaners to their fabs at the current and next generation nodes. Utilizing our strength in edge and the focus on providing leading edge technically differentiated solutions to our customers, we expect to win a sizeable number of those targeted penetrations which we expect will add an additional five to seven points of market share in the next few years. Clearly, our targeted market share in the mid 30s requires significant penetration wins, but the opportunity and the customer needs are there and with our history of solid execution, we believe this is a realistic target for us. In this period of reduced customer spending, we have continued major investments in product portfolios as we believe they represent a significant growth opportunity when the upturn comes. We do, however, remain focused on balancing the need to invest in next generation technologies; we're carefully managing the cash expenditures of the company. Now moving into the September quarter, our guidance is as follows. Shipments of 350 million, plus or minus 15 million; revenues of around 290 million, plus or minus 15 million. Gross margin targeted at 38%, plus or minus 2 percentage points and operating loss of 10 million, plus or minus 7 million and a loss per share of approximately negative $0.05 to negative $0.20 a share. As always, we will continue our focus on serving the needs of our customers by supporting their installed base needs, providing cost effective solutions with our reused and upgrade strategy and wining new tool selections at the next technology node. With those comments, we will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Please limit your self to one question and then requeue for additional questions. Our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Steve, I thought what you discussed in terms of the idle capacity, pretty interesting. I guess as part of that are you referring solely to 300 millimeter memory capacity? And then, as part of that, you talked about how the revenue opportunity was roughly half of what it would be if there was new equipment? And I guess, could you also add to that part of the conversation, what the impact is of double-patterning and growing the market there for edge? And overall, what the revenue dollar could look like?
Stephen Newberry: Yeah, what I talked about the idle wafer starts, we're talking about wafer starts. It's almost exclusively 300 millimeter now. But, it is 300 millimeter equipments. But there's not much 200 millimeter wafer start. And I was talking about memory. The 45 to 50% down is again referring to memory. There is some reduction in reuse in non-memory activities, although it's not as extensive, because you don't have the same level of idled wafer starts that they want to convert. Typically, what will happen, when you see demand rise and the overall utilization in the memory fab goes up, you probably have about 20% reuse and 80% new equipment purchases. And that depends on the customer and that depends on how fast they're converting. But, we anticipate that in 2009, there'll be about 250,000 wafer starts needed at the 5X and some early 4X DRAM. And some were around a 150 to 175,000 wafer starts, NAND at 3X node. And I think the reuse activity in NAND is probably higher than it is in DRAM. But, I do anticipate that as we move into 2010, that we'll see that the amount of reuse will start to decline and over the next couple of years, we'll start to see that the spending in memory will be 75 or 80% new equipment. So that represents a significant opportunity for increased wafer fab equipment investment. As it relates to double-patterning, clearly you're going to have some additional edge steps, that's factored in to how we look at the total sides of the market. We think that if you have to buy all new equipment for 10,000 wafer starts, the edge spending typically would need to be about 30 to 35 million for 10,000 wafer starts. And you'd have about for single-wafer clean, you'd end up with about a third of that or about 10 to 12 million per 10,000 wafer starts of new equipment capacity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, Steve. I am just trying to run through numbers here. And tell me, tell me why this doesn't make sense? As I look back at the last peak, you were shipping roughly kind of $650 million give or take. And it was roughly 75% memory in kind of you know 25 other. So maybe 490 memory and like 160 non-memory. So, if I simply just take that 490 memory, and just cut into half as per your comments previously about the upgrades versus the new tools, and I just add back that 160 non-memory, it kind of gets me to 400 million equivalent, given the idle memory wafers out there to what you shipped last peak. So, in some ways you're kind of beginning to bump up against what the maximum shipment... the maximum market could, be given this 50% haircut that you're talking about in the memory market. Can you tell why that math is, or is not right?
Stephen Newberry: Well that 650 million revenue has about 25% of it is customer service business revenue. And the numbers that we're talking about relate to just systems revenue. So, there is clearly more upside, when you look at it from the standpoint of systems revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kate Kotlarsky: Hi, this is Kate Kotlarsky for Jim Covello. I had a couple of questions. One, if maybe you can add some color within memory. It looks like, there might be a pickup in the NAND business, sooner maybe than the pickup in the DRAM business. I was just curious how you'd characterize your conversations with your NAND customers versus your DRAM customers? And whether you think, the NAND industry might be a bigger driver sort of in, as we come out of this downturn, kind of vis--vis or the previous upturn? Thank you.
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that the... there's more volume wafer start editions on the leading edge in DRAM being added right now at this time than there is in NAND, probably almost a 2 to 1 ratio. And that's to be expected given the number of units that are produced for DRAM versus for NAND. Clearly, the leading edge and market share leaders in NAND are investing at cautiously prudent levels given the flat pricing environment for NAND, but they're clearly expecting to add wafer start capacity output in the third and fourth quarter of '09. And depending upon what environment, we see from a demand standpoint in 2010, clearly, there will be a need for additional investment at a greater level in 2010 for NAND. But, the reality is that DRAM is such a big, big business that the requirement to add leading-edge wafer starts in DRAM is expected to be quite significant in 2010. The issue will be how much of that will be satisfied via reuse and conversions of existing fab capacity, versus how much will be needed from new equipment or from purchases of upgrades. And we'll have to see how that plays itself out, but clearly, we expect that both NAND and DRAM are going to be adding more leading-edge wafer starts in 2010 than what they're doing in 2009.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar: Thanks, Steve. A few questions, what geographies and end-markets do you expect to drive growth in Q3, that's one. If I annualize your Q3 shipments, what do you think that will represent in terms of WFE? And lastly, in terms of Q4, how do you think your system shipments are tracking as we look into Q4, can you give us a sense of that? Thanks.
Stephen Newberry: For your first question which was about Q3; the kind of I would say that the geographical orientation is obviously, significantly Asian oriented. And Korea is clearly strong, but Taiwan I think is going to be a little bit stronger in the September quarter than it was in June. But, we have to remember that June was a pretty strong quarter for some foundry shipments. And I think that we're seeing increases in memory investments across a broader basis, both in Korea, but also in Japan. And as it relates to, I answered the last question relative to the December quarter. At this point time, with the lead times, as short as they are, that customers are indicating that they will want deliveries of equipment in the December quarter. That would be similar to the levels that they're asking for in September, potentially a little bit less, potentially a little bit more. And the reality is that that kind of call back the customers hope forecast, because they really, they're adding as we talked about the shipment rates went up pretty good in June. They're going to go up very strongly in September. And what they're going to really want delivered in December is going to be a function of how does the demand environment manifest itself relative to their forecast. And I think that as much as we like to have confidence that December is known in my view, it's premature and we're just going have to see how it plays out. But, it's clear to me that the customers' think that the demand environment that systems that they would shift in December which would be primarily used to support the middle of the year needs in 2010, they're anticipate that they're going to have a reasonable demand environment. And the second question, I am sorry, I didn't catch it. So you're asking Satya, if we annualized the Q3 shipments, what would that mean? Well, I think that you would be kind of looking at... we'll have to kind of think about that a little bit. Probably, in environment that's 13 to 14 billion type of run-rate for WFE. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America/Merill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krishna Sankar: Hey hi, thanks for taking my question. I had two questions, one is in terms of your visibility. You said there's limited visibility, I was just trying to see if you can characterize it by foundry, memory and logic, in terms of weeks or months? And also what percentage of the edge you're selling today on typical dimension edges versus others?
Stephen Newberry: The limited visibility is not unique to any one segment. All of the semiconductor manufacturing customers are demand driven. And clearly, where the equipment purchases are occurring are with those customers who are the leaders in technology, who are the leaders with their customers in terms of providing leading-edge demand or they are customers who have a balance sheet that enables them to make the investments at the next technology node. And all of those customers are impacted by the macro global economic environment. All of them are in a situation where we're all fortunate in that because of leading-edge demand and because of the semiconductor device performance improvements that occur at the next technology nodes that they have customers that want to convert and take advantage of the reduction in the cost per bit or the cost per function and so, the semiconductor guys' benefit from standpoint of typically premium pricing at the leading-edge. But none of that can overcome the fundamental of macroeconomic demand environment which is 60%, consumer driven. And when you look at business driven investments, very much impacted by the fact that the consumers are not spending and business profitabilities are suppressed. And, so the expected PC refresh cycles have been delayed, investments and server capacity has been delayed; until it's not unique to anyone segment. In terms of the percentage of edge that's critical, as Ernie reported that that at 65 nanometer and below, we're shipping 93 or 94% of our products. Essentially, in this kind of environment, there is very little trailing technology types of capacity expansions, because the utilization of those technology nodes is running maybe 70%. And so, what you have is the investments going to leading-edge.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Edwin Mok: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Given that you are pretty close to breakeven, any update on that in terms of your breakeven model? And then just a quick follow-up, just on our past quarter, you guys had a memory just being 48% of your revenue, do you see that as the new norm for your business going forward? Or do you expect memory to bounce back in the coming quarters? Thank you.
Ernest Maddock: Edwin, I'll take the breakeven question. So, we've previously talked about P&L breakeven between 300 and 350 and certainly, we're on track with that sort of bias to the low-end of that range. So, pretty consistent with what we've previously talked about.
Stephen Newberry: Well, in terms of the mix in memory for Lam, I anticipate that we will see that the total memory will come down somewhat, certainly in 2009. And I would anticipate that over time, we'll see it drift up from the 50 to 60% to probably somewhere around 65 or 70%. Again, that's in anticipation of expected demand for NAND flash and expected demand for 2 gigabit DRAM DDR3 type products. I think that kind of the wildcard will be from the logic standpoint, what's the robustness with which the logic players will look to add capacity at 32 nanometer. And obviously, that will also be something to watch very carefully in the foundries. But, I don't expect that we would see the 32 nanometer logic node investments to really accelerate with a few exceptions, until mid to late 2010.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, it sounds like you're a bit more conservative on second half than peers like Novelis and ASML. How much of that is due to a large microprocessor customer and the outlook in second half? And you guys had talked about how that large customer will depress your shipments in Q1. So, how much of that is that or the mix has kind of caught up now to that deficiency?
Stephen Newberry: Atif, the mix has improved significantly, because they don't have there large microprocessor customer. We don't tend to look at it all that much. But, I think that probably the differences that I look at the customer behaviors that have occurred historically over almost 30 years in this industry. And I think it's not unusual that customers coming off the bottom are hopeful that the bounce off of the bottom in the inventory correction and that the steady state level of demand that comes out of that will continue to increase. And I think that whether that occurs or not, is really a function of the macroeconomic environment. And may be part of how I look at things is that I am very cautious about how quickly the global economies are going to grow and as a function of that how quickly the demand is really going to move forward in the semiconductor world. And clearly, we have the ability that if it continues to build, we can rapidly deliver to short-term unanticipated demand increase as we commented about doing in June. And so, we're positioned to deal with any increases in business. And we're very well-positioned to manage cost in the event that the environment should kind of come up and then stabilize a bit. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen O'Rourke: Thank you, good afternoon. Steve could you give us an idea of the percentage of tool selections that are complete at the 4X and 3X nodes and kind of update us on your PC where wins of progress for some of those critical applications like high-k/metal gates or front end of line cleans?
Stephen Newberry: That's a I think good question. It's a difficult one, because one of the interesting things that's occurring in this timeframe is, if you take the 4X decisions for DRAM, they're clearly finished for the leading DRAM market share player and they're largely finished for the rest of the DRAM players. But, since a number of those are really yet ramping their wafer starts there, it gives them an opportunity to change, if they so choose. The 3X decisions for NAND are the main and those will play themselves out over the coming quarters and will begin to increase as the percent of the investments that are made. In terms of 3X logic, certainly the leading microprocessor company has already finalized all of their decisions. I would say that, I'd say most of the 3X decisions in logic have been made. And what that means for us, is that in edge we're expecting that in 2009 we'll pick up three or four market share points. We expect to pick up another two, three, four points in 2010, as the 4X nodes really accelerate going forward as the 3X nodes accelerate. And then in clean, I think that part of what our market share situation will be, how big is the rising tide in terms of overall capacity expansion which we don't really know how that's going to play out in 2010. But certainly from the standpoint new application wins, particularly on the front end of the line as well as some other critical backend of the lines, we're targeting and expecting that we'll see five to seven market share points play themselves out in the 2010-2011. And then with the rising tide, we pick up about another five percentage points, where we're already the total of record, but we need capacity expansion purchases to kind of gain that additional market share back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Chin: Okay, great. Thank you. Steve, I was wondering if you could elaborate more on the shipment made to some of the clean tools, are you modeling shipments to clean tools to increased demand at the September quarter guidance and be up at least 40% sequentially and are some, the strong shipment to foundry customers, is that also helping some of the clean tool shipments? Thanks.
Stephen Newberry: Yeah. The clean tool shipments are accelerating. They are... I'm trying to find a piece of paper here that will give me what I'm looking for. The... this is not what I'm looking for. But anyway, I know it's increasing quarter-to-quarter and probably the best way to characterize, what we expect to happen in the total single-wafer clean market which for us would be spin clean or linear clean and are dry bevel clean is that we think the clean market will be down about 35% in 2009 for wafer fab equipment spending versus 2008. We think the overall wafer fab equipment market's going be down for 46%. And so, because of the conversions to single wafer, it's not going to be down as much. But, the most important point for us is that we expect that our clean business will grow year-over-year about 10% in a market that's declining 35%. So that's clear indication that we're winning market share and we are building our clean shipment outputs as the year progress.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company. Please go ahead
Benedict Pang: Thank you for taking my question. First, on the clean you commented on the segment growth for 2010. Does that depend on what the actual level of capital spending is?
Ernest Maddock: Yes, I think that when you look at the technology buys that are likely or expected to do occur in 2010, that's where we're targeting picking up five to seven market share points with new application wins, which occur at the 4X and 3X nodes that we're targeting. And then the additional 5%, which represents existing tool of record positions largely in the back-end of the line and back side cleaning in foundry and logic that we will benefit it from that when the overall purchases for capacity expansion occurs in the upturn. And again, maybe that occurs in 2010 or maybe that doesn't occur till 2011, it all depends on what happens to the demand environment in that timeframe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Sway with Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead.
Gary Sway: Yes, thank you. Steve, I think you ducked the question about 2010, just what is your view there in terms of what the overall wafer fab equipment spending environment could be in 2010? I think you laid out the case here that with shipment levels increasing in September; it's about a run rate equivalent to 13 or $14 billion CapEx or wafer fab equipment spending environment. What do we expect here in terms of 2010 and if you don't want to directly answer that, if you could help us to explain that for ourselves that would be helpful in your mind? And second question here for Ernie. I got the rationale why gross margin improved. But, if you look at the revenue level that you performed at above the high-end, certainly gross margin didn't come in at the high-end. So, just wondering kind of what sort of helped gross margin back? And looking at the midpoint for guidance in September, what gives you confidence you can kind of start tracking back then more than more of a 60% drop there?
Ernest Maddock: Yes, so I think a couple of things Gary. One, we were kind of in the upper end of our guidance range. But, I think the things that's important, we've talked about this before is the fact that at these revenue levels, you really have to look at what drove the incremental revenue up over and up above the top-end of guidance. And so if you get a mix between the installed base business versus the system shipments business, it's going to tend to moderate the gross margin a little it. And so, what you're really looking at net-net is the function of mix in the incremental revenue from the March to June quarter, versus the next that we see going from the June to September quarter. So, relative to 2010, I mean I think we've all seen various forecast from a variety of people in the industry anywhere from 2010 should be 20 to 30% up, which could mean 13 to 14 billion, which would mean that we get up to the shipment levels that we're talking about in September and basically go flat and that would give you about a 20-25% increase in wafer fab equipment. And there people are forecasting 2010 ago, be up 50 or 60%. I don't know what its going to be. And I think it's way too early to tell. I think that what we want to see is that at a minimum coming of this inventory correction bottom that we experienced in March and the rebound in demand in terms of increased shipments in June and our expected increase shipments in September, that that is a sustainable rate of demand that would require that shipments stay at same level. I think we'll have see how that plays itself out. And as I said, I mean we're positioned, if it maintains the level in September, right. We'll try to generate the kind of earnings and manage our cash. If it gets better, we'll execute to it. And if gets weaker, I think we positioned our cost structure to where we've pending cash under balance sheet. And will be able to work our way through. So, we are not all that worried and all that focused on what 2010 might be, because we think it's just not possible to predict.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolas. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho: Thanks a lot. In terms of your wet clean business on the margin profile, is that now on a going forward basis heavily dependent on volume or is it still additional restructuring efforts that you can do? And secondly, in terms of your... the DSOs that you mentioned in your prepared remarks, that they're going to remain at current levels through the end of this calendar year, what do you see the cash burn in September?
Ernest Maddock: Okay. For first of all, Let's look to the clean business, and clearly there is going to be a volume impact of that, a very positive volume impact, as factory utilization goes up. Our factory utilization has been a significant factor in the gross margin performance at these low shipment levels. And we also believe that there is some further work to do relative to the cost side of the equation, both on the product cost level, as well as just an operating expense level. So, I think you're going to see improvement as a function of all three things that you mentioned. Relative to cash burn in September, we expect that on an ongoing operations basis that we're going to a be within 10 million or so of zero and that includes a substantial investment in accounts receivable that we're going to have to make in order to fundamentally support the increased level of shipment that Steve talked about. And the DSO performance is really a function of the rate of acceleration of shipments versus the payment terms that are associated with our shipments. So, you have shipments increasing very rapidly, revenue tends to lag in periods where shipments accelerate very rapidly and that have a drag on overall DSO performance.
Stephen Newberry: And then Patrick, I think that if you look at our historical performance relative to DSO being in the 60s and low 70s and now that we're up over 100, clearly a part of it is what Ernie said. You get this rapid acceleration in shipments, particularly if they're later in the quarter. And those are not going to be collected in the period and that will drive DSO. I think the other factor is that customers clearly are looking for ways in which they can bolster their weak balance sheets with what some of the top equipment suppliers have relative to the strength of our balance sheet. And there is no question just like in all significant downturns that we end up utilizing the strength of our balance sheet and in absence delaying the timing of payments for some of our customers and that contributes to be DSO. So, the good news is that as we come out of this and as cash flows improve for our customers, we will have an opportunity to see significant positive cash flows occur as the customers start paying faster and the shipments start to smooth out a little bit, that will be very beneficial for the timing of cash flow as well as for DSO.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is follow-up question from the line of Tim Arcuri with Citi. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, hi. Two more things. One, Steve what sort of other 350,000 wafers have utilized memory currently, what portion is being refurb per quarter. I'm just trying to figure out how long you'll take to kind of chew through that?
Stephen Newberry: Well, it's a function of how many wafers starts they're adding per quarter and so on the leading edge. And so, if you kind of look at 5X wafer starts will probably somewhere around 50,000. And by the end of June, they're probably up to a 150,000. And so, if you took that 100,000 that they added, it's probably 50% of that, so 50,000 came from conversions. And I think as you go forward for the rest of this year, we're anticipating that as you move up and add a total for the year of around 250,000 that, they'll convert about a 125,000 of their existing wafer starts from trailing edge to that 5X. And then they'll purchase the rest in the form of either new equipment or they'll buy upgrade chambers that they will, they'll put on their tools. And so, a lot depends on how fast the conversion to 5X occurs and what the demand levels are for DRAM products, the NAND products that are running at the N -1, even the N -2 node. And that's why we say that as demand picks up and start running those lines, because if the pricing moves up, then they can generate cash from those lines and that makes less equipment available to be converted on to a new line and they have to purchase more new equipment. We'll see how that plays itself out, but at this point time it's about 50%. So, we have a time for maybe one more question.
Operator: All right, thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, hi, thanks. A quick follow-up. In terms of tax rate for both the September quarter and all of fiscal '10, can you provide some help that?
Ernest Maddock: Sure, for the September quarter we're actually thinking about a tax rate of right around the 100% of the operating loss. So it's again a negative tax rate. And I think, just to put some context around that, we talked about the fact that as our operating losses begin to approach zero, the tax rates as long as we're on the south side of zero, the tax rates move astronomically north in terms of the rates. And, obviously the dollars are going to be much, much smaller. So, we are modeling a tax rate of about a 100% for the September quarter and our view for all of fiscal year '10 is hovering in that same range as well, because as we think about where the profits are going be generated and the overall level of profitability, we're going to be bumping along that norm of the line as we think about it right now.
Stephen Newberry: And so, 100% sounds no toe good, but just we're targeting our operating loss at 10 million, as Ernie said to maybe 100%. But, it's smaller number.
C.J. Muse: Right.
Stephen Newberry: And so, we will definitely gain the benefit when we turn profitable. But, we'll just have to see when that's going to occur.
Carol Raeburn: All right. I'd like to thank you for joining us today. Please be advised that the webcast of today's call be available on our website later this afternoon. Thank you for your interest in Lam Research and for participating in today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation June 2009 quarterly financial results conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using ACT Teleconference.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-04-22 20:09:13) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn - Senior Director, IR Ernie Maddock - SVP and CFO Steve Newberry - President and CEO
Analysts: Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer World Markets Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Brett Hodess - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Tim Arcuri - Citigroup Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse  Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Stephen Chin - UBS Ben Pang - Caris & Company CJ Muse - Barclays Capital Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation March 2009 Quarterly Conference Call. During today's presentation all participants are in listen only mode. Following the presentation the conference will open for questions. (Operator Instructions). This call is schedule to conclude at 3 o'clock PM Pacific Time. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host Ms. Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Carol Raeburn: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Lam's Chief Financial Officer.  Today we will discuss the financial results for the March 2009 quarter, and Steve will share our business outlook for the June quarter before opening up for Q&A. A press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended March 29, 2009 was distributed by Business Wire shortly after 1 o'clock this afternoon and is available on our website, at lamresearch.com.  Today's call contains forward-looking statements including those relating to our forecasts of shipments, revenues, expenses, margins and earnings per share, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and funds that are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, which can found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. With that, I will turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the March quarter results.
Ernie Maddock: Thank you, Carol. This afternoon we will discuss our March 2009 quarter financial performance. While lower business volumes were clearly evident during the quarter we are pleased to have met our guidance in all categories. Shipments for the March quarter were $159 million consistent with the mid point of our guidance range and down 30% from last quarter. For the quarter 300-millimeter applications represented 87% of total system shipments and applications at less than or equal to the 90-nanometer technology node were 87% of system shipments.  Memory segment customers in the quarter comprised about 56% of total systems shipment and as a subset, the NAND component represented approximately 22% of total memory. Foundry customers were 16% of system shipments with logic and other at 28%.  March quarter revenue was at the mid point of our guidance range at $174 million and down 38% from the prior quarter. Both our systems and installed base business units performed at expected levels. During this period of reduced capital spending on equipment, our installed base business unit continues to be an important contributor to our revenues. March quarter ongoing gross margin was at the high end of guidance at 26.8% and lower than the 38.5% gross margin for the December quarter. Approximately half of the margin difference is due to lower factory and field absorption and the remainder is due to product and business unit mix.  Turning now to review our quarterly expenses. Ongoing operating expenses were $129 million in the March quarter which is up $2 million from the December quarter. As you may recall, our December quarter operating expenses benefited from one-time credits related to accrued compensation reversals and the reduction in Executive Deferred Compensation liabilities resulting from stock market declines.  In the March quarter operating expenses, we saw the expected savings from the salary reductions that we are announced on our last call, as anticipated though this compensation savings were offset by an increase in employer payroll taxes which are typically higher in the first quarter of a new calendar year.  Additionally, in response to recent financial announcements from our customer base, we recorded within operating expenses a charge of $7 million to increase the reserve against our receivables balance.  Our ongoing operating loss comes in at the mid range of guidance at $82 million. In the March quarter ongoing other income was $8 million an increase of $8 million from the prior quarter as the December quarter was negatively impacted by a $4 million ineffective revenue hedge.  For the March quarter half of the other income is from net interest income and the other half is from foreign exchange hedge gains. We recorded non-ongoing expenses totaling $108 million for the quarter, this consist of a $7 million gain on currency fluctuations related to our accelerated tax planning strategy and a $23 million charge associated with our restructuring plan as outlined in our 8-K filing of March 19, 2009. The majority of the restructuring charge was for severance payments related to headcount reductions as well as asset impairments. The facilities component of that restructuring plan and the results and savings are still being determined and will be communicated as soon as we have the information available. In addition, we have recorded a non-cash expense of $89 million for the impairment of goodwill related to our clean product group. We will provide more detail on this goodwill impairment in a few minutes.  For the March quarter, we had an ongoing tax expense of $16 million which is an effective tax rate of negative 21.6% outside the expected range of negative 7% to negative 12% of our operating loss. The change in tax rate relative to our forecast range is primarily the result of a change in California tax law that reduces the estimated 2009 benefit of R&D tax credits by approximately $5 million, while these changes will provide a long-term reduction in Lams tax obligations the fiscal year 2009 impact is negative. For the June quarter we anticipate a tax expense of approximately 10% of our operating loss.  GAAP loss per share was $1.58 and the ongoing loss was $0.71 per share consistent with our guidance range and based on our share count of 125.6 million shares. During the course of the last two quarters, we have announced cost reductions totaling $40 million to $45 million per quarter versus our base line quarter of September 2008 with approximately 60% to 70% of these reductions realized in operating expenses and the remainder in gross margin.  As of the March quarter Lam has delivered approximately $25 million in operating expense savings and we are on-track to deliver on the remainder of our overall commitment during the June quarter. We are also on target to achieve the cost reductions committed in the gross margin line. Substantively all of these cost reductions are manifest as a reduction of cash outflows.  Turning now to the March quarter balance sheet, cash and short-term investments including restricted cash totaled $806 million. This balance represents a reduction of $312 million versus the December quarter and is comprised of three key elements, debt repayment, non-operating cash impacts, and net cash used by operations. Debt repayment of $240 million was paid in anticipation of not meeting certain loan covenants. Due to the current credit environment the refinancing options available at the time were unattractive from a cost perspective and given the strength of our balance sheet we made the decision to pay off a loan, reduced our interest expanse and avoid higher interest payment and other cost related to refinancing.  Non-operating cash impacts of $48 million included investments related to the acquisition of worldwide exclusive sales, distribution and manufacturing rights for the (inaudible) product line of [Social] Incorporated. And net cash used by operations of $24 million consist of $52 million in cash losses from ongoing operations. Other operational related cash disbursements of $59 million both offset by a reduction in account receivable of $87 million. Looking to June, we expect to reduce cash operating losses from ongoing operations and based on current expense levels we expect that Lam will be neutral on an operating cash basis at revenue levels of approximately $250 million depending upon the product and business mix and business cycle timing.  Accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 103 days up from 93 days in the December quarter predominately as a result of revenues declining more quickly than receivables. As we discussed in last quarter's call we expect that higher DSO levels will continue for the next few quarters. Inventory was down 3% for the March quarter. Main stream manufacturing and spares inventory performed as expected however several components of our inventory do not vary directly with business levels. Lams balance sheet strength allows us to make critical inventory investments despite the business cycle which help us in maintaining customer trust, securing market share and responding quickly to short term customer requirements. these investments includes spares inventory priced at customer sites to enable rapid response to machine down conditions, evaluation and joint development project units, placed with customers to promote increases in our market share and flexible factory inventory to allow us to respond shortly timed system and upgrade opportunities. These investments coupled with lower overall business volumes contributed to lower inventory performance of 2.1 turns in the March quarter versus a December quarter performance of 2.7 turns. At the end of March Lams differed revenue balance was $44 million and this amount does not include shipments to Japanese customers of $8 million that will revenue in future quarters. Returning now to the goodwill impairment as a result of a combination of factors including the current economic environment, a sustained decline in the market valuation for semiconductor capital equipment companies and a decline in Lam's operating results. We have concluded that the fair value of our clean product group is below its caring value. As a result the company has recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $89 million in the March quarter. The goodwill impairment charge is based on a current best estimate and will be finalized in the 10-Q report. Total capital expenditures were approximately $11 million for the quarter and depreciation and amortization increased slightly to $20 million. Employee headcount declined to approximately 2950 from 3300 employees and reflects the additional headcount reductions announced last month. For more complete breakdown of the geographic shipments revenues, please see today's press release in our website for a reconciliation of our shipments revenue, deferred revenue, cash and operational cash disbursements.  Now to Steve's comments.
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Ernie and good afternoon everyone. Clearly this past quarter was a challenging period for the company as spending on semiconductor capital equipment continued to decline sharply. As Ernie outlined in his comments there are many moving parts to our P&L and balance sheet this quarter. Bottom line is our actions in the March quarter are consistent with maintaining our strong balance sheet, applying appropriate conservative financial decisions to evaluation and reserves and aggressively reducing cost while deploying our working capital at a variety of ways and strengthen our position for the future. I think at this point in the cycle, we remained in very good position with our customers and our balance sheet. As many of you have likely observed and heard over the past several weeks the semiconductor industry is starting to see signs that as Intel said recently. The worst is behind us. As memory prices is improving and utilization of the foundries is increasing particularly at the leading edge 65 and 45 nanometer nodes. However, visibility into shipment request over the next few quarters is still very limited and as a result we remain cautious about when any significant resumptions and equivalent spending will occur. We continue to expect that most tool purchases for 2009 will be limited to select technology buys and as such wafer fab equipment spending is likely to be in the range of $10 billion for the year. Consistent with the outlook we shared in our last conference call. Going forward we expect that several memory customers will upgrade DRAM lines and put in place new wafers to or capacity at the 5X technology. NAND Flash companies will move forward with their conversion to the 3X node and advanced logic and foundry capacity are slowly being put in place at the 4X node. Microprocessor companies will move to 3X over the course of 2009 and early 2010.  All of this activity should result in sustainable shipment levels higher than the March quarter on a going forward basis. But as to how much higher is still unclear beyond the June quarter. At this point of cycle we are sharply focused on the development of next generation technology solutions working side-by-side with our customers. We have deployed working capital replaces significant number of etch and clean joint development projects and evaluation units at our customers locations to enable successful penetration of new applications and to spend in grow our existing market share. And as we believe there are number of areas of opportunity for market share growth in both conductor and dielectric. In conductor these opportunities include critical front end DRAM applications at the 5X node and below. Double patterning where NAND customers are evaluating patterning schemes at the 3X node. And high-k/metal gate in advance logic and foundry for the 3X nodes and below. In dielectric etch we expect to see increased opportunity for market share growth as a transition of memory from aluminum to copper is completed at 5X DRAM for most memory manufacturers. In 2008, we won and successfully defended several back end of the line copper selections in both DRAM and NAND as well as some high aspect ratio contact selections for leading edge technology nodes in both of these memory segments. As the remaining conversion to copper at 5X occurs it remains a sizable revenue and important market share growth opportunity for us. With new application wins in both dielectric and conductor we expect our application based market share to increase by a few more percentage points in 2009 over 2008. In the clean market we see growth opportunities due to the continued adoption of single-wafer clean in front end of the line applications in 5X and 4X DRAM and NAND, 4X and 3X logic and foundry and particular node is the introduction of single-wafer clean tools in both front and back the line for NAND manufacturing after 4X and 3X technology node. We are focused on penetrating these new applications in memory and logic as well as defending and growing our strong backend to the line and backside clean positions in our key foundry and logic customers. Some foundry and logic customers will make tool selection decisions in 2009 for 4X and 3X technology nodes and we are working closely with most of them to win PTOR positions high-k/metal gate, front-end of the line post-etch and post-etch clean applications. We are positioning the spend base DV Prime to penetrate post-etch and post-etch clean in front end of the line as well as defended expand our backend the line, backside clean market position through the DV Primes ability to efficiently recycle and deliver superior residue particle removal and drying performance in a high productivity low cost tool.  This capability delivers the customer an excellent value proposition related to traditional batch and other single-wafer clean solutions and we have a number of JDP in the ebows with major customers focused on these opportunities. The traditional strength of our Spin Clean has been in the copper back end of the line and backside Clean for foundry and logic and we continue to work with our key customers to defend and grow these positions and win new applications at the advanced technology nodes. Our linear clean technology is gaining momentum in front end of the line, memory logic and foundry demonstrating strength specifically in the front end of the line postage cleans where problems of material selectivity critical dimension control and damage control continued to demand technically superior solutions. We are developing with our customers innovative new technologies in particle removal, drying and multi-step processors that enhance device yields and 4X and 3X nodes and below. We continue to make progress wining qualifications for new applications at both memory and logic customers. Dry bevel clean continues to be an important area for us in the single-wafer clean markets and we see relative strength in this area for our clean product portfolio during this downturn.  These tools offer yield improvements to our customers by removing defect sources at the wafer etch as well as increasing the number of good dye at the wafer etch. Our bevel clean technology is significantly penetrated at the leading-edge in all IC areas, memory foundry logic and microprocessor and we think that metal hard mass structures in the future will demand more bevel cleaning steps at each successive node. As we move to next generation nodes in all of these device categories we expect the dry bevel cleaning market to go from an estimated fan of approximately $50 million today to approximately $150 million over the next few years, and we expect to have a very significant market share in this segment. With our spin, linear and dry bevel clean products, we provide our customers the broadest most personal, high productivity yield-enhancing clean solutions in the industry. Relative to the near-term environment, our June guidance is as follows. Shipments between $200 million and $230 million. Revenues between $180 million and $210 million. Gross margin at 30% plus, or minus two percentage points. Operating loss of $60 million, plus or minus $10 million. And loss per share of $0.50 plus, or minus $0.10. So as we carefully manage the P&L expense structure of the company during this downturn, we are even more focused on managing our cash flow. While we have increased our focus on limiting cash outlays to maintain a strong balance sheet, we are using and we will continue to use our balance sheet to make strategic investments in product development and solution support at the customer interface and to make expenditures in other areas that strengthen our position in downturn, so we can optimize our profitable growth in the upturn. So with that, Ernie and I will now take your questions.
Operator:  Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer World Markets. Please go ahead. 
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer World Markets: Thanks, can you hear me, sorry.
Steve Newberry:  Yes, we can hear you.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer World Markets: Okay, I thought am I had a mute button on. If you look at your WSE, and you are kind of maintaining the $10 billion number for 2009, and so just a bit I guess is over the last quarter in terms of spending the environment has stabilized. Now that 10 billion coming down from roughly 22 employees, a decline of 57%, would it be reasonable to start modeling shipment numbers, somewhere down 50% to 55%, or is there a little bit more upside in the second half that we are somehow missing that might be baking in 2010 CapEx. Can you just help me out with the trajectory of the shipment number coming up of pretty good guidance here for the June quarter? 
Steve Newberry:  Well, I think that, where our view is that wafer fab equipment was is probably somewhere around $20 billion, maybe $21, so we are down 50%, 52% as opposed to 57%. But having said that, I think that when you look at the industry and we are no exception. Our shipments were down significantly in the March quarter and our guidance is for shipments to be up at the midpoint about 35% in June. And I think you look at where we are going to have to be if the wafer fab equipment environment in somewhere around $10 billion. And again, I would emphasize around $10 billion, because it's a very fluid environment that you would expect that shipments would begin to stabilize somewhere in that vicinity as we go forward for the rest of the year if in fact it ends up being a $10 billion wafer fab equipment market.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from line Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, good evening. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Steve a couple of questions. First just relative to one of the concerns that folks have had about the memory segment in particular, just the idea that there is whole bunch of adornment or latent capacity out there, that is prices improved in memory of this latent capacity would come flooding back online and prevent anybody for making orders. Given the increase in shipments that you are talking about and the increase in orders that [Nobel] has talked about tonight, I would imagine that doesnt seemed to be the case, but can you adjust that little bit?
Steve Newberry :  Yeah, I think that when we look at the latent memory capacity it's all sitting at 8X and 7X and even with memory pricing stabilizing, I think you are right that if those that have shutdown the 7X or 8X turned those lines back on, and brought those 512 megabit devices into the market. You could probably see that, that pricing environment tank. I think that where we look at the investments is that in DRAM, on the rating etch the spending is going to be on 5X and the efforts is going to be on getting two gigabit DRAMs up and in production. And I think that part of what's in our wafer fab equipment's forecast is an expectation that some of that 300-millimeter toolsets that are been ideal in these 7X and 8X lines are going to come into market in some of the non-critical areas for etch and would service somewhat of damper in terms of how much spending you would normally have to spend to create a 5X line. So, we are spending a lot of time with our customers looking at whether they want to upgrade, whether they want to refurb and have us take older equipment and upgrade it, whether they want to just buy upgrade chambers and whether they are going to buy new systems. So there is quite a bit of activity, but it's centered around the customers who have money with which to go and make 5x, investment. I think we also are recently were, just today I think Hynix talked about raising 900 or something million with an equity play. And so companies are trying to figure out how to get access to capital, so they can make the conversion to 5x. But I think that the speed at which that's going to recur it is going to be muted by what's the demand environment and that's kind of a controlled point for everything, is that if the general economy situation keeps demand suppressed, we are not going to see significant amounts of investment of 5X even if they have the money and they have the technology capability to make the move.
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from Brett Hodess with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Brett Hodess - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Good afternoon. Steve, you just articulated that some of the areas you are working with the customers, specifically on the technology upgrade. I am wondering if you could talk specifically about for Lam. How much dollar opportunity is there if a company wants to upgrade a fab from 7X t o 5X or on the DRAM side upgrading 6X to a 4X on the foundry side. Can you sort of size for us what those opportunities look like in dollars?
Steve Newberry :  Yeah. We have been doing some work in that area, when you want to upgrade, it depends on how much equipment is available. But I think that if we took a 10,000 wafer start, 5X line and you are going to convert and reuse some 7X. I think you can probably spend about, let me check it, look at some data right now. Relative to what you would have to spend if you bought all new equipment, you would have to spend 10,000 wafer starts you don't have to spend 95, 90 million in wafer fab equipment. And if you upgrade and you have a significant reuse, you might only have to spend 10. And so one of the things that and maybe it's a little bit more than that. But I think that we look at it from that etch standpoint. So I can't speak to what it means for LIFO and CBD and PBD and all those tools. But the answer is that are in 7X line or in a 6X line going to convert to 5X or 4X is as fairly good reuse capability on the non-critical steps, and there is also an ability to upgrade a chamber, so that while at it may have been running a critical 7X application, you can actually upgrade that chamber for reasonable price to operated at 4X. And so I think that what it does is that it can significantly reduce if the equipment is available, how much expenditures going to that 5X line, but I dont think that there is that much conversion that will occur for too long because we are in one of those periods right now because the overall demand is low, companies can actually a 7X line that would normally be running full out and they could go and shut it down and convert it or they could reduce the wafer starts through that and convert some of those pieces of equipment. But as we see demand start to pick-up the ability to convert some of those tools to 5X or to 4X NAND is going to be reduced. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri with Citigroup. Please go ahead.  
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi Steve, first I just wanted to get stock-based compensation by line item. And then second of all I had a question about the structural margin profile. I am just looking back to the last big downturn, I am looking back to like 2003 and at a pretty similar revenue level margins that are bottoming about 1000 basis points lower this time. Glad you have clean business this time, but you are back up to kind of $200 million revenue range and the margins are again about 1000 basis points below where they were back then as well. Certainly that gap is going to close going forward but I am wondering relative to what you did you look at the old company versus the new company. What sort of structural margin degradation if any should we think as the revenue grows in next few years?
Ernie Maddock: Okay, this is Ernie. The total equity-based compensation for the March quarter was about $13 million and relative to the question on margin I will turn that over to Steve.
Steve Newberry:  I will answer part of it and then Ernie will fill in some more details. I think there is a couple of important points to make. In the last downturn in 2001 to 2003 system's business fell about 70% to 80%. Where we are right now in the cycle is the system's business for Lam is down closer to 85% to 90% and it's probably worse for us in this quarter because with no revenues out of Intel and Intel being a spender at this part of cycle. It's exacerbated a little bit. Our model was built on the ability to handle a peak to trough decline of 40% and with the ability to very rapidly shed volume based variable cost and with still running 60% of the volume of where we were.  The absorption on the fixed cost components is still significant. When you dropped 80% to 90% down in terms of your system shipments than the absorption factors of very small component a fixed infrastructure make up a very high percentage of what your cost structure is. So, we have that issue in the factory and Ernie can detail some of that out if we want to. But we also have it in the field, because we charge all of our field service cost to above the line. And so, as we have made specific decisions to in essence three certain aspects of our field service headcount as strategic, we are running under absorbed relative to the amount of installation warranty and service contract were that would normally have them fully occupied. That impacts our margin as well and in this downturn again because of the magnitude of the current hole in system shipments we are having an overstated short-term effective under absorption in the field that contributes to the margin numbers that you are seeing. 
Ernie Maddock: Relative to the field and factory based absorption as Steve said the ongoing decline in particular in the systems business in this cycle versus the 2001 cycle is putting a strain or under absorbing the factory to a far more significant degree on a percentage basis. I would be happy to go through some of the specific numbers in a follow-up call, but I believe that part of the structural margin change that you have articulated here is clearly the result of this unprecedented low level of system shipments relative to even a greatly reduced level of factory spending. And in fact the same phenomenon in the filed with pharma systems available for warranty and installation and our decision to keep that strategic resource in the field to remain able to provide critical service needs to our customers. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse : Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Steve just a little bit of math if wafer fab equipment stayed flat at 10 billion, I think you commented your shipments with a flat at these levels. If equipment spending is flat at these levels by our math you could upgrade the memory factory so with the next two years, especially looking at one of the commentary from the NAND flash thing the shrink to 3X will not be as capital intensive.  And right now some of these non factories are running at 70%, several DRAM factories running at 50%. So, the question is if you spend $10 billion then my math you can get 25% big supply growth in DRAM and about 50% in NAND flash. These numbers shown about right to you and do we have a structural need for a CapEx higher than that through the next two years unless demand has to be higher than that?
Ernie Maddock:  Yes, let me cover a couple of things. We are saying that we still believe that the way fab equipment environment is likely to be around $10 billion and then relative to some of the questions about what does that mean for shipments? What I said was clearly the shipments have to come up from the levels that we saw in March. We have clearly indicated that they will be up 35% in June, where they go in the second half. If it's going to be a $10 billion with fab equipment year we have to be in that vicinity or even higher.  Having said that, I mean, when we look at 25% big growth in DRAM which is in the vicinity of what we think. 50% big growth in May end in the near-term then it's consistent with that kind of spending it's also consistent with some assumptions that there is upgrade and refurbished equipment that go into the 5X line, particularly DRAM. And in NAND not as high what we use orientation. But as to what that means out in the future, I think it all depends on one, where are we economically, where is GDP growth, what's happening with new products, new applications that have what degree of memory intensity, what kind of progress do we make for 64 gig NAND flash devices and what's their costs and therefore, what's the SSD penetration. And the reality is I mean my ability to forecast that is no better or perhaps significantly worse than anybody else. And so we are not worried and we are not focused on what's going to happen or not happen in 2010.  Our focus is staying close to our customers, helping them develop the solutions that they need in etch and clean at 5 and 4 and 3X. Winning those market share opportunities, managing the cash flow and being prepared if this last for a while, we can handle it. If it comes back sooner we will be able to respond to that as well.
Operator:  Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of West Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities:  Hi. Just a couple of quick questions. The first one actually may not be quite so quick. Its on the double pattern you mentioned that is an opportunity in NAND. The ramp in double pattering processes this year. I am just wondering, also they were using a spacer based processing, I am just wondering if you could give us an idea of what the etch opportunity is since thats a more etch intensive process.
Ernie Maddock:   Well there is both, what we call non-critical double patterning opportunities and there are critical opportunities in the double patterning arena. How much that grows the etch opportunity and the NAND 3X fab versus a 4X we will have to go and get that data, have it on the top off my head. Clearly it represents a number of additional wafer passes and so we are looking at how we can win a significant market share position in doing that. It looks like maybe three critical layers 6 to 9 critical layers and then depending upon the throughputs associated with that. So we can get you what the sizing is it will vary by customer because each customer has a slightly different approach but we can get back to you with that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking questions and my first question is that, Steve, thanks for providing the math on the incremental DRAM, spending of $10 million per year if it start their month from some 6, 7 to 5X, our analysis suggest that, LIFO is about 60% of that incremental WAT spending and I just wanted to know what do you think is etch opportunity for you guys. And my second question is if I look at the Gartner data on market share for a single-wafer processors, Lam SEZ market share was 31% in '07 it dropped to 17% in '08 then DNS increased by 20 percentage point into '08. I just want to know, what is driving that has that mean a mixed factor customer spending factor and what is going to take reverse that market share trend in 2009?
Steve Newberry: Okay, so let's talk about etch first then we will talk about clean. So relative to spending, we think that the wafer fab equipment spending in 2009 for memory this is both NAND and DRAM, its going to be somewhere around $4 billion to $4.5 billion. So etch is going to be somewhere around 10% of that. Because in this environment instead of being its typical 12% or 13% it will be somewhat lower than that and then when you end up with [we use] et cetera. You probably end up in a situation where you can end up with 300 and something million spent in etch. So we would expect that we would have more than 50% of that because thats what our market share is in both DRAM and NAND. And so it all depends on really how much of a reused strategy is. But I guess the total is really what 400 and maybe its closer to 400 to 450 in total spending for DRAM and NAND in 2009. And figure us for about 50%. So relative to clean the clean market is moving in many, many different directions and its extremely confusing even for those of us that are in it let alone those who are trying to figure out whats going on. So let me give you a little bit of perspective. One is what is classified as single-wafer clean. In the Gartner Dataquest numbers, they included a single-wafer clean scrubber cleans which are going through a conversion process and we do not include in the single-wafer clean because thats not in our served market. We are not in the scrubber business, so thats one. Two, the big spenders in 2008 were Samsung and Intel and the third big spender was Toshiba. Our historical market share position has been in foundry and logic and largely back end of the line and there was very little spending in those market segments. If you take those customers as those secret we have no position at Intel. We have a position at Samsung, it has been impacted by decision by Samsung to buy from a Korean vendor [Simus] in Korea and we are working closely with Samsung now to win back some of that market share and win some new applications in front end of the line.  Toshiba the other big spender we have had some position in backend of the line we were also impacted in 2007 and 2008 with Toshiba deciding to go with a Japanese supplier Shibaura for some of the non-critical which impacted our market share. So the bottom line is one the size of the single-wafer market from our perspective is little over $400 million. We have about 25% share of that market. If I take Toshiba and Intel out of the market not that we are not going to and are not working with them. Given that they were $200 million of the market in 2008. Our market share in the rest of the market is 50%. So two customers are clearly having a big impact on us in an environment where the spending is very depressed and very low in logic and foundry and in back end of the line and in back side cleaning which is were our strength is. So, as we go forward our focus is to make sure that we defend our backend of the line and back side as well as look for opportunities to grow that in places like Samsung and Toshiba. And so that when spending for backside and back end of the line cleaning resumes we will be able to leverage that market position. And in the mean time work with all of these customers relative to the critical front end of the line needs and there is no question that with a small group of customers really dominating the amount of spending and those customers largely being historical DNS customers. Our market share in the short-term dont look very good as the function of mix and as the function of the economic environment and where CapEx is being spent.
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Yeah thanks. If you know the cost cutting that the company say what side of incremental first margin do you think we should think about modeling going forward as the Lam's business and probably improve, will it be similar to this significant level that we saw this quarter instead Lam going forward? 
Ernie Maddock: This is Ernie. About third give or take of the cost reductions that we talked about are reflected in gross margin and I think as you are thinking about margins going forward you would certainly see an improvement from that but you would also see an improvement from further absorption of the factory and field resources. So I think that both items will be significant contributors to the gross margin improvement and provide leverage going forward.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from by line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company. Please go ahead.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company: Thank you for taking my question. In terms of the DRAM transition are all the design wins done 4 or 5X at this point, is there any new design win for 5X?
Ernie Maddock:  I think most of them are done but there are still a number of them that are actually being finalized in, and what you really have is that there is low level of 5X production running today and maybe 20,000 or 30,000 wafer starts. By the end of the year we expect that there will be over 100,000 wafer starts running on 5X. And so you really have not won it until you shift it. And so I think that while it's fair to say that the decisions have been made. It's a competitive environment out there and people work hard to try and change decisions and reverse decisions. But for the most part they are done and we will now begin to see in 2009 how that market stay plays out as your orders are placed and the products are actually shipped.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities :  Hi, just had a quick follow up, two parts; one, on the space appears that you were talking about. Just wondering if you actually won new business already related to that in the NAND segment double patterning? And then related to copper transition, are you seeing any push out or delay in terms of adoption of copper processes from the two big DRAM customers?
Ernie Maddock:  So relative to double patterning wins NAND, yes, yes, we have won, I am not going to specify where and which customers but the answer is yes, and as it relates to copper, I am not aware of any delay or push out as it relates to the transition from aluminum to copper thats going on with the big DRAM guys.
Operator:  Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.  
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital:  Good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. I guess have product questions. First, could you share the makeup of the June shipments in terms of NAND, DRAM foundry and logic? And then looking to your OpEx it looks like implied in your guide is roughly going down from 130 in March around 115 in June. I was hoping you could help me understand what that would look like exiting calendar '09 and the December quarter. Thank you.
Steve Newberry:  Okay, relative to the OpEx, we don't expect a need to increase OpEx to any significant degree provided business volumes stay in the range that we would expect. We will obviously have some seasonal fluctuations related to normal patterns. But relative to the overall OpEx levels, we expect to be able to largely contain them at that level throughout the rest of this year. So relative to the breakout of our shipments in the March quarter, we had a 56% were memory and of that as Ernie said 22% of that was NAND and then 28% logic and 15% foundry. So in logic we put logic, microprocessor and other. And then 16% foundry. And then the June quarter just kind of from what is likely to occur, if the mix will be pretty similar, I think it will be a little stronger in NAND, because we got some activity from one of the big NAND players. It will be slightly down in logic, but it will be up significantly in foundry. I think most people have been reading about what's happening on the foundry leading-edge, where utilizations 65 and 45 or way up, it's no secrete. Our TSMC has announced that they are going to be expanding their 4X wafer starts and as a major supplier with high market share with that customer, we are participating in that and we will be shipping into the foundry segment, where we anticipate shipping into the foundry segment in the June quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is a follow-up question from a line of Tim Arcuri with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup:  Hi, just that quickly follow-up on my last question, Steve, last cycle you were kind of in the high 40s to even 50% kind of at the $400 million level. I am kind of wondering, once you get through this under absorption, period here and you kind of absorb these costs, what can we expect margins to be at kind of the $400 million revenue level as revenue ramps this time versus last time?
Steve Newberry: We could probably figure that out pretty quick, but to be perfectly honest with you. Given that we have just been bouncing around that 175, and we are like deciding whether throw a party, because we are forecasting our revenue to be over $200 million or around $200 million, I should say exact, 195 plus or minus 15. I really haven't thought about what's going to happen at 400, but we can model that and we will get it back to you but kind of the message I would say you is we expect and what we are seeing in the environment right now, we have looked at this as competitive as whats going on in etch, theres essentially very little to no pricing erosion and margin erosion at the product margin level. There are some issues about mix in terms of which customer, and which quarter because there is a little bit of different margin profile. And so we expect etch once the volumes get up and the absorptions improve, we will be right back in the vicinity where its been. We look at clean and the reality is that we think that there is a very strong likelihood and certainly, our target is that our margins in the clean business are going to be in the 40s. Now whether they are low 40s or mid-40s, it depends on what the timing is and when the revenues get back to that level, because we've got some work to do with the product option architecture, we've got some work to do in terms of getting our outsource suppliers up to speed, getting our volumes up and our cost down. But we really expect that we are going to be largely in the same vicinity, but we can model that out and kind of share with you. But for the most part, you should expect we are going to be right in the same vicinity.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks a lot. Steve, in terms of the revenue uptick in June, characterize how it breaks down between a pickup in the services and spare parts of your business as well as the pickup in, I would assume technology by shipments during the quarter?
Steve Newberry: Yeah I think from a percentage standpoint, I'm willing to talk about revenue, but revenue is kind of a lagging indicator, because we do revenue on acceptance. And so I think a better way to maybe characterize is going on in real time is the shipment's environment. And the shipment's environment for the June quarter is going to be up somewhere around 30% or 40% and the services, spare parts type activity is up more around 20% from where they were. And so the combined is up 35. But clearly from percentage basis, most of the shipment growth is actually occurring as a function of system's shipment improvements.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn over to management for any closing comments.
Ernie Maddock:  Okay. Thank you. So I think we all recognized that over the last couple of quarters, we have clearly gone through a period of really almost unprecedent levels of drop in demand for our customers. Clearly their profitability issues resulted in almost near shutdown even with the strongest in most technically advanced and cost-effective to customers and that made for a very tough December and March quarter. What we are seeing is that the strongest customers are moving forward with what we would call the technology investments. These are not capacity expansion investment; they are next technology node investment. And clearly when you look at the foundry, there are both technology node investment but they make them as a function of they got customer demand at the 4X that want us wafer starts. A memory company or NAND company wants to move to the next technology node, so they can produce the 64 gigabit in NAND, or they can get to the 2 gigabit in the DRAM, and so they have cost and density issues that are motivating them to move, so I think we are now in that phase where the spending for technology buyers, which have largely been suspended for three, four, five months have now begun. And so that's why my comments were, there is an element of sustainability that exist once you get into that mode. Where we go from here, when we move to stronger levels of spending that's clearly not something that we have visibility to, and feel like we can comfortably forecast, but I do think that its far more likely that the worst of what we been dealing with this behind us, and now the focus is market share penetrations, product positioning, cash management, ultimately getting to cash-neutral, ultimately getting our P&L where we would like it to be. And I think as I mentioned in my earlier comment, I think we are in good shape with the customers, good shape with our balance sheet and we are feeling very good about our ability to compete successfully and make the expenditures strategically and tactically that we need and we expect to come out of this environment stronger, and more capable then ever before. So thank you for your attention, and I will look forward to talking to you again in the future.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Please be advised a webcast of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. Thank you for your interest in Lam Research and participating in today's call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-01-28 22:34:00) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn - Senior Director of IR Ernie Maddock - SVP and CFO Steve Newberry - President and CEO
Analysts: CJ Muse - Barclays Capital Tim Arcuri - Citigroup Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Gary Hsueh - OppenheimerFunds Stephen Chin - UBS Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank Securities Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Ben Pang - Caris & Company Brett Hodess - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation December 2008 Quarterly Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Lam's Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the December 2008 quarter, and Steve will share our business outlook for the March 2009 quarter before opening up for Q&A. A press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended December 28, 2008 was distributed by Business Wire shortly after 1 o'clock this afternoon and is available on our website, at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements including those relating to our forecasts of shipments, revenues, expenses, margins and earnings per share, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and funds that are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, which can found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the December quarter results.
Ernie Maddock: Thank you, Carol. This afternoon we will discuss our December 2008 quarter financial performance as well as our 2008 calendar year results. As expected, our quarterly results are a reflection of the challenging business climate. Shipments for the quarter were $226 million, down 35% from last quarter and consistent with the high end of our revised guidance range. For application and market share market segment breakout for the quarter, 300-millimeter applications represent 85% of total system shipments. Applications at less than or equal to the 90-nanometer technology node were 85% of system shipments. Memory segment customers in the quarter comprise about 48% of the total system shipments, and as a subset, the NAND components represent approximately 42% of total memory. Foundry customers were 28% of system shipments with logic and other at 24%. December quarter revenue of $283 million is consistent with the high end of our revised guidance and is down 36% from the prior quarter. 2008 revenue was down 27% from record levels achieved in 2007. During the second half of 2008, we saw declines in systems as well as spares and service revenue relative to the first half of the year, and for calendar year 2008, overall spares and service revenue posted modest growth. Ongoing gross margin was 38.5% for the December quarter, consistent with the guidance provided in our last call, and is lower than the 42.3% for the September quarter due to product mix and reduced factory absorption related to business volume. Turning now to review our quarterly expenses, ongoing operating expenses were $126 million in the December quarter, which is down $23 million from the September quarter. Lower expense levels reflect aggressive action to contain expenses in initial benefits from our previously announced restructuring activities. In addition, our operating expenses benefited from two significant discrete compensation adjustments. The first of these was a reduction in variable compensation liabilities and the second was a reduction in the company's liability to participants in the Executive Deferred Compensation program resulting from recent stock market declines. Our ongoing operating loss was $17 million or 6% of December quarter's revenue, better than the operating loss of 11% provided in our revised guidance. In the December quarter, ongoing other income was $300,000, a decrease from $9 million in the September quarter. Our interest income and interest expense were similar to the prior quarter and as a result of declines in forecast revenue, we incurred a foreign exchange loss related to our hedging program. In addition, the re-measurement of our non-US balance sheets resulted in foreign exchange losses. Non-ongoing items were $27.6 million for the quarter and consisted of $17.8 million for restructuring expenses, a $7.6 million loss on currency fluctuations related to our tax restructuring, and $2.1 million for other non-ongoing items. Moving onto taxes, we received a tax benefit on our quarterly operating loss as a result of an ongoing tax rate of 31.2%. The benefit was significantly lower than what would have been generated by the 70% to 80% tax rate forecasted for the December quarter and reflects tax decisions made during the quarter as Lam's business outlook including total fiscal year results became more clear. As many of you know, our tax strategy centers on maximizing earnings in low tax jurisdictions and reducing earnings in the high tax jurisdictions. In periods of losses, this dynamic reverses, accumulating most of the losses in low tax jurisdictions and generating small profits in others. While we remain confident that our tax strategy will yield a long-term tax rate of approximately 25%, results generated during the next few quarters will be highly variable and non-intuitive. For example, our current view for the March quarter is a tax expense of approximately 7% to 12% of our operating loss. We continue to avail ourselves of tax opportunities that will generate long-term benefit for the company. The lower tax benefit created by this quarter's tax rate differential generated an ongoing operating loss per share of $0.09 versus our revised guidance of $0.04 to $0.05 loss per share. Turning now to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments including restricted cash totaled $1.1 billion representing a decline of about 8% from September. Cash from operations was a negative $39 million. Helped by our strong cash performance in the first half of the year, our cash from operations for the full year was 18% of revenue and within our targeted range of 15% to 20%. We also achieved our objective of generating positive cash from operations in the Spin Clean business. Major non-operating cash disbursements included $23 million for stock repurchase activity, $12.5 million in debt repayment, and $9 million for the purchase of the remaining minority interest in SEZ. Our stock repurchase activity was concentrated at the beginning of the December quarter, and we have currently suspended purchases under the plan authorized by the Board of Directors. The rapid change in business volume has contributed to our inventory performance of 2.7 turns versus our September quarter performance of 3.8 turns. Accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 93 days, up from 64 days in the September quarter. On a forward-looking basis, we will continue to selectively extend payment terms to certain customers and expect that the level of business that includes extended payment terms will remain relatively constant on lower revenues and thus expect higher DSO levels will persist over the next few quarters. At the end of December, Lam's deferred revenue balance was $68 million. This amount does not include shipments to Japanese customers of $9 million that will revenue in future quarters. Total capital expenditures were $12 million, depreciation and amortization remained almost constant at $17 million. Employee headcount declined to approximately 3,300 from 3,700 in the September quarter and reflects most of the headcount reduction outlined in our previously announced restructuring plan. For more complete details of the geographic breakdown of shipments and revenues, please see today's press release in our website for a reconciliation of our shipments revenue, deferred revenue, and cash. I will now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Ernie and good afternoon everyone. On our last call, we reported that we were beginning to see signs of rapid deterioration in the semiconductor industry; including decelerating IC unit demand, significant reductions in fab utilization, and sharp declines in investments for new systems shipments as well as the beginnings of reduced spare parts and services purchases. In November, we implemented a cost reduction plan designed to lower our breakeven and reduce our quarterly spend rates by appropriately $15 million to $20 million per quarter. I might characterize those actions as bracing for a Category Three to Four type hurricane  major, but not quite catastrophic. As the quarter progressed, conditions continued to deteriorate to the point that now the storm has hit our shores and we are being crumbled by a full blown Category Five hurricane of unprecedented speed and force. As I speak today, our environment is impacted by continued declines in IC unit demand, high inventories in all segments of semiconductor ICs, along with extremely tight credit markets and the presence of huge losses in the semiconductor manufacturing segment, resulting in an almost total shutdown of purchases for new equipment and a significant reduction in purchases for spare parts, consumables and service support. New equipment purchases that do exist are almost entirely and strictly for specific tools needed to upgrade production lines to the next technology node. I expect this environment to continue for as long as it takes for the global economies to stabilize and for IC unit demand to recover, and then grow beyond demand levels we saw earlier in 2008. Eventually, as a function of a stronger global economy and the introduction of new applications in new electronic products created in large part by new semiconductor devices coming out via 4X and 3X generation production fabs, we will see a return to stronger investment for capacity expansion. How long it will take before meaningful wafer start expansion occurs is anyone's guess, but we are expecting this type of environment to persist for at least the next six to eight quarters. We expect wafer fab equipment spending in calendar year 2009 to be in the vicinity of $10 billion, representing the decline from calendar year 2008 of approximately 50%. This level of spending will be the lowest level of wafer fab equipment spending since 1994 and 35% to 40% lower than the spending in the middle of the last major downturn in 2002. Reasons for the lower level of spending forecasted for calendar year 2009 is a much more consolidated semiconductor manufacturing industry operating at a more capital efficient 300-millimeter, the availability of used tools to fill 200-millimeter wafer start demands, slower adoption in the foundry and logic fabs to next-generation technology nodes, limited access to debt to invest in new technology production even for those who want to and need to, and during this downturn, no need for investment to position for a new wafer size that existed in 2000 and 2003 timeframe and the move occurred from 200 to 300-millimeter. This leads us to an outlook for the March quarter. We expect our shipments to decline to a range of $155 million, plus or minus $15 million. Revenues are expected in the range of $175 million, plus or minus $15 million. Gross margins in the range of 25%, plus or minus 2 percentage points. We anticipate an operating loss in the range of $70 million to $90 million, around the midpoint of the revenue guidance, with net income as a function of the unfavorable tax situation that Ernie described earlier expected to be a loss in the range of $0.60 to $0.80 per share. As a function of these sharp drops in shipments, revenue and profitability, we will be implementing an additional significant set of reductions to the cost structure of the company, targeting additional variable cost reductions, as well as, this time, elimination of various aspects of our fixed cost structure that are unnecessary relative to our expectations of our future shipment and revenue levels. This cost reduction plan is being developed by our management team as we speak, and I expect we'll be communicating the details of the plan sometime in the first half of the month of March. In addition to this comprehensive cost reduction plan, we are taking two immediate actions that are targeted at reducing our expenses in the March quarter. These two actions are an additional five days of shutdown in the month of February and the implementation of a salary reduction program for all employees ranging from 17.5% reduction for the CEO to 2.5% reduction for our lowest compensated employees. These near-term actions are already significantly embedded in our March quarter guidance. Any additional improvement as a function of cost reductions affecting the March quarter will be communicated if material. In spite of the near term challenges of weathering this Category 5 storm, I remain optimistic and confident in the ability of Lam Research employees around the world to continue to deliver world class solutions to meet our customers' needs. As a result of their previous efforts, we enter this downturn with a strong balance sheet, which we will utilize to enable us to continue our focus on the following priorities while supporting our customer's current install-based needs. We will continue our investments in the etch markets with a focus on continued application share gains. Areas of focus will be on winning the emerging applications around double patterning and other transistor-related critical etches. In clean, we will focus on rapid introduction of our newest spin product, the DV-Prime and aggressively pursue penetration into new applications emerging in the front-end of the line, as well as material and manufacturing cost reduction activities in our Spin clean division to improve its gross margin contribution to the company. We will continue to invest and aggressively work to qualify our linear C3 clean tool into additional critical cleans requiring short contact time and precise CD control or yield and reliability improvement. In addition, we expect to introduce shortly, a new damage free particle removal capability with the linear tool expanding the applications where it delivers superior and differentiated clean results on the wafer. We will also continue to focus on the development of new products targeted at new markets in need of advanced technology solutions, as well as continue our investments in globalization of our supply pace in order to deliver high quality, low cost, long lasting spare parts and consumables to our customers. The key objective for us during this downturn will be to prudently utilize our strong cash position to make the appropriate strategic investments which will position us for strong financial and operational performance when the industry returns to investing and expanding wafer start output. Lam Research has traditionally used downturns as a time to redefine our business model, and work closely with our customers to solve their problems in anticipation of future production ramps. We expect to operate no differently in this downturn, and as before we expect to emerge and even stronger and better company. This concludes my comments, and with that we will now open the call for your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Steve, question here is on the cost cutting side. I know you're going give more details in March, but I guess, if you can't share a targeted breakeven given your call that this downturn is going to persist for another six to eight quarters, can you share what kind of cash burn you are comfortable with given your current strong balance sheet?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think that we have a Board of Directors meeting next week and as I have not had an opportunity to discuss that with the Board, we have not really looked at enough of the specifics of the significant cost reductions that we want to take. I think it would be premature for me to communicate that, because I think that that will be a decision that I and the management team will present to the Board in terms of what we think it's going to take to be able to make the investments that keep our products and our technology position strong, support our customers effectively and we'll come to a set of decisions with the Board as to what that cash burn is likely to be, and then we will complete the specific cost reductions that will be aligned to that. So, sorry, I can't answer that for you right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi, Steve. I wanted to ask you a question about maintenance CapEx and kind of how you think about that. I remember Jim used to talk about the fact that there is an upgrade that chip makers have to buy that's kind of every two years, that's basically 10% of the initial tool price. So, that would imply that there's kind of 5% of the dollar installed base that basically has to be turned every year and if you look at the trailing five year dollar installed base, you were about $260 billion and there is some that's come out of that because of capacity shutdowns and things like that so maybe you're at 200 or something a little bit higher than that. So on that math it would imply that kind of, at a wafer fab level maintenance CapEx is maybe about $10 billion, $10 billion to say $12 billion which is basically where we are to a bit higher even than what you're guiding '09 wafer fab equipment. So, I am wondering how do you think about maintenance and would you agree with those numbers.
Steve Newberry: Yeah, that's a good question and we've been studying that pretty significantly trying to look at what those maintenance levels were in past significant downturns of this magnitude and one of the things that we looked at of course was 2002, $14 billion was spent but when you look at the makeup of that $14 billion, there was a couple of things that were present and one was, one, a much greater number of customers that were involved in spending and we've kind of calculated that at about $3 billion that was spent in 2002 by a lot of the logic companies that were still investing in 200-millimeter and technology buys, and for this downturn essentially with consolidation and no need to invest any significant 200-millimeter because you can get all the 200-millimeter tools you want on the used market. You then kind of go and look at well, what's happening on the leading edge relative to memory and relative to a foundry and we kind of view that somewhere around $7.5 billion to $8 billion will be spent by the top 10 companies in the industry, and that's actually very correlated to what they spent in 2002. Our data said they spent a little over $8 billion, maybe $8.2 billion. And so, then when you look at the next 10, which are still players that are present, still players that are investing, in 2002 they spent about $2.7 billion and we think in 2009 they're more likely to spend maybe $1.5 billion, and that another billion or so, kind of rounding for other players. And so, I think that when we look at maintenance levels, it's a function of what's capital asset efficiency today, which I think is clearly higher at 300-millimeter. I think that we have a slower move to the next generation technology node so that the foundries and the logic companies, even though they're trying to move to 4X, they're ready to move to 4X, their customer demand pool at 4X is slow. And so, we can see that the ramp in wafer starts for 4X is muted relative to the speed at which we were moving back in the 2002 timeframe. And then, if you couple with that, there's memory companies who would like to move, whether it's 6X or 5X, because they have designs where they can't get access to capital, particularly the Taiwanese memory manufacturers who have lost literally billions of dollars in the last couple of quarters. So that's suppressing the ability to operate. So, I think your numbers that would say under, maybe, credit markets that were flowing, you probably see it more around $12 billion, but that's one of the reasons why we're sitting at about $10 billion because of the accumulation of all of those factors that I mentioned.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of (inaudible) with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Satya Kumar: Hi. Actually, it's Satya Kumar. Steve, if I annualize your Q1 guidance it seems like we read down about 63% year-on-year. Your guidance for CapEx is down 50% and you are talking about a six to eight quarter downturn. Is there really any meaningful inflection that you are seeing in the business? Doesn't seem like that's the case for the rest of the year. And the second part to that question, if I look at what's happening in DRAM right now with the slowing growth in content per box and the slowing growth in ICs, is there a permanent reset that we are seeing to capital intensity for the semiconductor industry? 
Steve Newberry: Satya, can you repeat the first part of your question again?
Satya Kumar: Yes. I'm just trying to see if you're seeing any inflection in your business as you look out beyond Q1. If I annualize Q1 revenues, it's down about 63% versus your CapEx outlook of 50%. So it doesn't seem like you are expecting much of a meaningful inflection in your business beyond Q1. Is that the right math? And the second part is on capital intensity of the industry longer term?
Steve Newberry: Yes. There are a couple of things going on, both in terms of the December quarter and the March quarter, and that one is the presence of Intel spending, which was probably about $1.2 billion or $1 billion or so of wafer fab equipment. It's not clear what Intel is going to spend in the first couple of quarters. I think it all depends on how fast they want to try to get there 32-nanometer product ramp going. But clearly, where we are right now is in a situation for the March quarter where even those companies that clearly are planning to do technology related buys are almost on a weekly basis saying yes then no, yes then no. Customers are clearly managing their cash extremely carefully. They're monitoring the demand. They're monitoring their competitors and we have a situation where literally just two days ago, 10 million of what we were scheduled to ship in this quarter were stopped at June. The magnitude of what has changed in terms of what was planned to ship in the March quarter from only two months ago is about 240 million. So we're in a situation where the March quarter is hopefully the bottom of this in terms of a free fall in just stopping all spending. And so, while I think that we're going to be in a similar environment, I would expect that it's more likely that we'll see a shipment in the quarters going forward being somewhat higher although not significantly but consistent with a $10 billion level. I think we view that etch, which is typically a 12% to 13% of wafer fab equipment. In this environment, it is likely to be closer to 10% or 11%. Clean, in terms of total clean 5% or 6%, slightly less than what it historically is because there is a lot of capacity related buys as opposed to technology buys. So you are correct in that the March quarter, if you run rate it, we would be actually operating to a lower wafer fab equipment environment and so, I do expect that we'll see things get slightly better as the year goes forward, but not dramatically so. And then your second question was about DRAM and capital intensity. I mean, right now, we're sitting on a shutdown of about 550,000 wafer starts per month of DRAM capacity. That doesn't include about 70,000 of 110-nanometer production that occurs in Taiwan that's been shutdown and is likely never to come back. So, DRAM capital intensity is going to drop to below 20% in 2009, and then probably come back to 25 or 30, but that will be a function of continued DRAM IC unit growth, which we believe will occur, but you've got to suck up a lot of ideal capacity over the course of the year, plus you've got about 300,000 wafers worth of inventory either in finished wafers are in die banks that is a function of excess output that's occurred in the last few months or so. So, I think that when we look at the long-term capital intensity for DRAM, and I am talking about once we get to unit demands that suck up all the excess and go forward, we're still probably looking at something in the 30% range because one of the issues for memory of course, is that they will be moving to the immersion nodes where 5X and 4X in DRAM and some 4X, but clearly 3X in NAND Flash, and so immersion is going to increase the capital intensity relative to what they were spending at the 6X node. What that means for etch and clean may not be as significant because a lot of that money obviously will go into [lithography].
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with OppenheimerFunds. Please go ahead.
Gary Hsueh - OppenheimerFunds: Yeah. Hi, Steve hi, Ernie. You've kind of referenced how a $10 million push-out in the March quarter Steve would sort of come back and benefit the June quarter. I know it's really still too early but just, kind of, approximately how much of a hand to mouth situation are we in? How much of a situation are we in today in terms of hand to mouth, because you don't provide orders or order backlog. I'm just wondering in terms of that $155 million shipment guidance for the March quarter, how much of that is pulling out of backlog and how much of it is instantaneous kind of hand to mouth order turns?
Steve Newberry: You could probably characterize that as being synonymous with the beggar who's standing on the street corner with a tin cup out hoping that anybody that goes by will drop a dime in our cup. It's one of those situations where you've got only less than two handfuls of customers, some of them with plans to take deliveries of $5 million to $7 million and whether they've got the orders in or not, it's kind of irrelevant because that's one of the reasons why we don't talk about orders because you could have the orders and backlog and it doesn't make any difference. If they want to push it, they're going to push it. If they want to cancel it, they'll cancel it and with lead times as short as they are, typically most customers are sitting there saying Okay, here is what we want. Build an inventory and a production plant to support it and then we'll let you know the day before whether we're actually going to take delivery or not." And so that's one of the reasons why you see us guiding shipments at 155 plus or minus 15 million, because we're in that kind of volatility, and we're at the point where when it pushes into June, it might be helpful to June, but what I don't know is what's going to push out of June and go to September and so, we're in an environment where the visibility is fundamentally, whatever we see and we're told doesn't mean very much, and you don't ship until you ship and everything else is best estimates of what's going to happen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Great, thanks. I was wondering if you could provide or give some more color on the March shipment guidance. Is the sequential shipment decline due more services to a lower spares and services business or is it really from lower equipment shipments or are both segments declining at the same rate now? If you could share any color on how the gross margin at the spare parts service business is holding up relative to I think you guided corporate gross margin is 25%. That would be helpful. Thanks.
Steve Newberry: I'll have Ernie talk a little bit about some of the makeup of the 25% gross margin, because that's kind of complicated but probably worth addressing for sure. Both the systems business is off dramatically; the spares and service business is off less so. Typically, what we see is that the spares business will track the decline in wafer starts. Thus spare parts and consumables are a function of wafer starts and the time that equipment is running, and so we're looking at an environment where we've seen those wafer starts decline 35%, 40%, foundry utilizations running 40% to 50%. So you can expect that the spares and service business will decline in that vicinity, and that's kind of where we are in the quarter. Systems business is down in the 60% to 70%, again, because we're in a little bit of a trench here. But clearly, that's a function of fact that you don't need any capacity. People are wary about the rate at which they want to do technology at. And so, that's kind of the makeup of systems and service. So, Ernie could talk about margin.
Ernie Maddock: Sure. We tend to look at it relative to a pure margin on the toolset, and if we look at that, that is holding up relatively well. Obviously, at these kinds of revenue levels, it is significantly impacted by the mix of which customer is happening to be buying. So, on an underlying margin basis, while there is some small perturbation, we don't see any significant underlying change to the structural components of that. I think the thing that is most impactive of the March quarter to a far more significant degree than the December quarter is the level of margin impact of the factories, which are obviously being utilized at significantly less intensity than they were during the December quarter and certainly during prior quarters. If I were going to point to one thing that is most impacting the margin change, it would be a very significant change in the level of absorption coming from the factories, which is related to Steve's comments during his discussion about the fact that we're beginning to look at the fixed cost infrastructure of the company and size that to the environment we see on a going-forward basis to address some of those issues.
Steve Newberry:  One other comment I would add to that is that from a product mix standpoint, in clean over the past year or so a lot of our revenues were associated with a mature released Da Vinci product that had good margins. The environment today in terms of clean purchases is almost exclusively for new technology penetrations and new technology-driven applications, which means we're shipping our Da Vinci Prime, which is a brand new product. It's in its early phases of material and labor manufacturing cost reduction. And if you combine that with the fact that you've got a factory absorption issue, you've got a lot of margin pressure coming out of the clean Group as a function of product mix as well as volume.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Hi, Steve. Thanks so much for taking my question. Could you maybe comment about the idled capacity in Taiwan and elsewhere that's going to have to get absorbed? Can you walk us through the dynamics of how that could come back online and need to get absorbed versus how that would just get shut down at some point if the downturn lasted long enough? Like at what point does that idle capacity just no longer become useful?
Steve Newberry:  One of the things about idle capacity, if it doesn't get used long enough it goes obsolete. That's one of the nice things about our industry. Today, we think that there is an installed 300-millimeter qualified capacity of about 1,340,000 wafer starts per month that exists in DRAM. We think that with about 550,000 of that shut down, you've got 800,000 being utilized and that there is a demand that's about a need for 1 million wafer starts. Problem is that we entered the first quarter with about 914,000 total wafers in inventory, so about 300,000 wafer starts per month of excess capacity. We see that over the course of the year leading edge DRAM demand will grow to a need for 1,300,000 wafer starts, and that by the end of the year the 1,340,000 of capacity will only grow to about 1,375,000. And so, we think by the end of the year we'll have worked down the excess inventory, and we'll basically be idle with maybe about 90,000 to 100,000 of idle capacity. And I would expect that that would be 8X type technology that will be idled and probably doesn't come back. We think there's about 4%, 5% unit growth in DRAM. That equates to about 600 million units of DRAM growth. And then, because the output is shifting from 8X, 7X to 6X, and then we'll see the start of 5X, there will be a need for investment to upgrade the 5X and there will be a need to invest from 8 and 7 down to the next technology node. And so, we'll see all of that go, but we only think that there will be maybe slightly less than $3 billion of wafer fab equipment investment in DRAM. If you look at NAND, we think that NAND excess is probably only around 100,000 wafer starts per month right now and that the inventory situation is not as bad. There is probably 350,000 wafers to about 100,000 wafer starts per month excess. We think that's going to get absorbed fairly quickly, because we do think that NAND growth is still going to be present. We think that you're going to end up in a situation where about 700 million units of NAND is needed and while we don't think that's largely SSD driven, we think that they will be positioning for that because we think that Toshiba is going to move in the middle to the later half of the year to 3X and do conversion of 5X wafer starts and Y3 to 3X. We think Samsung will aggressively move its mix that's largely 5X and 4X related. They'll reduce the 5X and go more heavily to 4X and 3X and then Micron of course is in that mix as well with the ability to move from a 5X production, probably directly to a [4X] and so we think that there is an investment in NAND that's probably around, we're kind of targeting at about 1.7 million to maybe 2 billion. But we think that by the end of the year with kind of expected demand environment we're talking about that we've got both DRAM and NAND running in a pretty healthy supply and demand balance and then in 2010, I think how much they invest in terms of whether it's similar, or whether it's more, really is what's the global economic environment, what's the recovery in terms of the consumer spending, what are businesses going to do for PC expansion which I'm sure they're going to delay. So, you could be setting a stage where in Memory, you'll see an uptick in spending because they will have to add more wafer starts than they're going to have to deal with in 2009. Hopefully, that was helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. Just sort of shifting gears a little bit here. When you think about this kind of a downturn and maybe some of the opportunities that you might have, how are your etch prospects in segments where you've traditionally not been very strong like logic, and what applications might be the lowest hanging fruit if it's possible to win?
Steve Newberry: Well, Steve, I think for one, actually our market share in logic is very similar to what it is in DRAM and Memory. The only issue is, when you look at the IDM logic players, they haven't spent very much. If you say foundry is logic, we have over 50% market share in foundry. Where we're being impacted is our market share in microprocessor because we do very well at AMD who's not spending all that aggressively, and we don't have any business that we do with Intel. So that clearly impacts us and in particular when you have a year where Intel's percentage of spending is up significantly from where it's been in '07 and '06, that impacts our market share. \ So, having said that, where we're focused is in making sure that in the dielectric space, where our market share is approximately 40% globally, that we are targeting a number of additional critical dielectric etch steps both in memory particularly DRAM, and foundry, foundry logic, and we believe we have opportunities to move that up. Our market share in conductor which is slightly more than 60%, we have more limited opportunities, but we are certainly looking at some emerging applications for the use of conductor etch tools in double patterning applications, and we are looking at how we can expand portfolio of our etch products to give us a more diversified set of offerings that cover both what you might call the non-critical segment to the medium-critical to the critical. But certainly, most of our effort in conductor is about strongly defending our position and in winning a few application games and most of our market share growth objectives are around dielectric, where we see opportunities to exploit our capabilities. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, I have got a question regarding used tools being sold. There was recently some news that some of the Taiwan memory makers are selling off basically some of the fab capacity to other customers. How much do you think that would impact the market or your business this year, and out of that $10 billion that you have been spending, you are estimating, how much do you think that money will go into buying these (inaudible) some company like yourself?
Steve Newberry:  Well, that's a difficult question Edwin. Certainly, over the last couple of years, we've seen a huge amount of 200-millimeter memory tools come offline and go into the 200-millimeter logic market and go into the 200-millimeter foundry market. Recently, ProMA sold approximately $20 million worth of used tools to TSMC, which went into some trailing edge technology. We've seen trailing edge fabs in various regions of the world that fundamentally, the entire fab is either started up on used tools. So, when we look at the 200-millimeter market, historically it's been about 10% of the total market spending, and that's in terms of what the OEM equipment suppliers provide, certainly, when you look at the used equipment brokers that's kind of a backdoor channel that there is a lot of difficulty in getting total visibility to that. So, we end up in a situation where, in a year like 2009, I don't expect that the trailing edge 200-millimeter fabs are going to be purchasing very much 200-millimeter equipment because their demand is down 15% to 20%. And so they are going to be focused on effectively utilizing their existing toolsets. There will be some investment in 200-millimeter chamber upgrades, which will enable a customer to take a 130 to 200-millimeter line and make it work at 90-nanometer or sometimes going from 90 to 270. But you don't have to buy a new toolset; you can buy upgrade kits that can make an existing 200-millimeter install base perform at the next technology node. But at this point, we can't characterize what the volume of that is, but it's not going to be a big market in 2009.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Now you had an experience with SEZ for a couple of quarters. Steve, do you still think you can grow the margins for the SEZ spin business too to the corporate level, and then I have a quick follow-up.
Steve Newberry: Yes. I think that there is a combination of issues. One is, relative to the competitive capability and the competitive pricing environment and the material cost of the product, we believe that we can get the product over the next year or so competitive. Then we have to get the labor component, the use of our outsource suppliers and our overall fixed cost back to infrastructure, more in alignment with what the volumes are going to be. So I think in the short-term, which means kind of this six to eight period environment where volume is low, that's going to be a more difficult challenge because we're going to need some volume to absorb certain aspects of that infrastructure. Clearly, over time, we will move the Spin Clean operation from what is largely a very vertically integrated, manufacturing and supply chain structure to an outsource model. While it most likely won't replicate the degree with which we had etch in our linear product to outsource, we will move it strongly in that direction and that will help its ability to be able to get to margins that are consistent with our corporate margins. But we'll have to see how it success is in terms of penetration and volume, over the next couple of years before we'll know exactly where it fits in.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Okay. DNS at SEMICON Japan, they mentioned that they are gaining share in wet clean segment in 2008, and they said their sales in the wet team segment are going to be down 10% 2008 versus CapEx spending that's down more than 10%. I just wanted to get your thoughts on what's happening in the competitive landscape in the single wafer wet clean business I. understand in this depressed spending environment it's hard to see your market share swings, but I just wanted to get your thoughts on what's happening with the market share in the single wafer wet clean business?
Steve Newberry: Atif, can you restate the beginning part of your question? It was hard to understand.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Right. DNS at SEMICON Japan last year in December said that they are winning share against other competitors in single wafer wet clean business, specially against SEZ in 2008, and they said their single wafer wet clean sales were down 10% or are going to be down 10% in 2008 versus spending which is going to be down more than 10%. So it does indicate from the numbers that they're gaining share and I just want to get your thoughts if they are gaining share against you guys or the Korean guys?
Steve Newberry: Okay. I think that a lot of what DNS focuses on is they obviously have a very strong market share position in the wet bench segment, which is accommodating the front-end of the line, and that is beginning a conversion process on a number of applications in the front-end and so sometimes they win a single wafer position, but that's not really necessarily market share because they are just swapping wet bench sales for single wafer sales. Having said that, most of SEZs position that they clearly were successful with in the 2006 timeframe was in backend of the line and in back side and bevel cleaning. Over the last year or so, the amount of investment in capacity related, particularly logic backend of the line, investments has been significantly muted. The battle that is occurring in the front-end of the line, I think that we are in a situation that we've acknowledged where DNS started working a couple of years ago on trying to get their wet bench customers converted to their single wafer tool. I think that they've had a degree of success in getting some tools in early position. I think fortunately for us, as that front-end situation continues to emerge, the downturn slows down the ramp relative to volume purchases that customers do. It tends to continue to keep the competitive environment open and so we think that both with our linear clean, and with the DV-Prime which is now starting to gain some penetration traction that we're going to have a good opportunity to win our share of the emerging front-end of the line single wafer applications and then we clearly need to be able to continue to defend our traditional backend of the line, back side and wet bevel. And the reality is, is that there is not much buying going on and there won't be much buying going on there in '09. So, I would say that it is true that DNS has a momentum in the marketplace right now as a function of the timing that they have had relative to their products, but I think that we're going to have an opportunity to compete very hard in 2009 and we'll need to see how the application wins, play out over the course of this year.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Thanks a lot. Steve, in terms of the memory market and the consolidation that's likely to occur in that space, how are you positioning the company to react to a very changed landscape as we look forward?
Steve Newberry:  Well, certainly, what we would expect is the potential to occur in terms of some of the Taiwan DRAM companies combining with each other or with Elpida, with Micron et cetera, those kinds of trends actually since the last major downturn have actually been occurring pretty regularly. So, whether you talk about the IBM technology alliance of IBM and AMD and Charter and Toshiba and Sony, we are very used to building global account teams that in essence work with the key customer or the key fab that's the source of the technology. The way we approach it is, we certainly make sure that we are well penetrated, well supporting, where the customer is doing their next generation development, we target the ability to win at the so called home fab or mother fab. And then with the performance of the installed base in the fan-out fab and with strong relationships and strong performance, we not only try to make sure that we replicate to copy the exact fan-out, but we also try to use the performance of our tools to win additional applications steps that we may not have been the first choice at the primary call fab and actually grow our market share in the fan-out fabs above and beyond what it was at the qualification fab. So, we are quite used to doing that, we are very well positioned with the DRAM companies. We've been growing our share in the Elpida alliance; we've been growing share in the Micron and its Nanya arrangement, and so we expect that we will be in good position when we learn how this is all going to shake out in terms of who combines with whom.
Carol Raeburn:  Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our second last question will be from Ben Pang with Caris & Company. Please go ahead.
Ben Pang - Caris & Company:  Thank you for taking my question. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you still will be working on some of the technology transitions that your customers are interested in. How active are these customers? Are they actually going to make decisions in 2009 for some of the double patterning qualifications, high-k/metal gate? Are they're still going to actually make decisions in 2009 or do those all get pushed further down the line?
Steve Newberry: I think that those customers who have balance sheets that can afford to make the investments to move to the next technology node will do so. One thing about this industry is, technical innovation does not slow down. It may slow down for some who can't afford it, but it does not slow down in the industry as a whole, because what companies recognize is that the way that they're going to find themselves able to be the recipient of market share growth relative to IC unit demand and the segments they compete is that they need to be on the leading edge and they need to be as cost effective as possible. So, whether you're talking about 6X to 5X or even in some cases some 4X wafer starts in DRAM, certainly NAND is moving from 5X to 4X and we're going to see 3X come into play and then in logic and in foundry, the emphasis will be on growing needed wafer starts at 45, but early pilot lines for 32 positioning will start in the second half of the year. And what you're seeing as the function of the consolidation of this industry is there are those who have been successful, who have balance sheets that can work through this kind of downturn, there are those whose balance sheets are incredibly laden with debt, can't get access to capital, they will be consolidated in and absorbed in. But the pace of technology continues, it's the future that I am confident in, because I think that as we get to 32-nanometer in NAND and as we get the 64 gigabit devices and we get down the cost curve and up the yield curve, it's going to be the enabler for huge amounts of demand for SSD sometime in 2010, and I think I'm very positive about the prospects for 2011. I think you're going to see those who can, try to accelerate the ability to move to 4X technology and 2 gigabit DRAMs and get down the curve relative to more density per bit per wafer. And I think in logic you've got a very intense competition around next generation logic at 32 and 28-nanometer that is both power and performance related, the key being low power, high performance and there is a number of applications waiting for high performance low power logic devices that will be the next generation of smartphone enabled technology from semiconductor companies. So, those things are going to continue to be invested in. I think we're currently in a period of a temporary lull, but I think that we will see those investments go forward and that's why spending isn't zero. It's why there is still going to be $10 billion worth of wafer fab equipment to support the continued advancement of technology output.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Hodess with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Brett Hodess - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. Two questions, quick ones; you mentioned that the DSOs were up and some of that has to do with the extended terms to some of the customers. Can you categorize which types of customers you're extending terms to? Are they the best quality customers or is there some additional risk in that? And then can you comment on, you were just talking about your new products and can you give us a feel if most of the spending is focused on upgrading existing fabs? Your etchers are out there already; some of the equipment, that gets upgraded or replaced, or will it have to wait till you see more capacity adds?
Ernie Maddock: I'll take the DSO question. So, we're seeing requests for extended payment terms across a pretty broad set of our customer base, and we have a very structured process that we use to assess whether or not we will extend payment terms to customers. It includes things like business opportunity, the relationship we've had with the customer over the course of the last several cycles as well as the specific need for technology or other factors. So, while we do see a very broad based request for extended payment terms, we're being very thoughtful and deliberate about the customers to which we extend them.
Steve Newberry: So relative to kind of the makeup of new systems for technology upgrades versus chamber upgrades, where possible, customers will take an existing installed base, they will upgrade the chamber. If wafer starts that are running down that line are not fully outputting relative to that technology node, and assuming that the rest of the toolsets in there can handle the move, but we do have a robust chamber upgrades business in our shipment numbers. There are wafer start increases in memory fabs, and there are wafer start increases on next generation technology lines where they can't get an existing line upgraded the way they want, so they put a line in and output the fab and it's different for every customer, and it is different for every segment of DRAM and NAND foundry, but the combination of both new tools and upgrades. 
Carol Raeburn: I would like to thank you for joining us today. Please be advised that the webcast of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. We hope you will join us for our next quarterly financial update in April. Thank you for your interest in Lam Research and for participating in today's call. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn - SD of IR Steve Newberry - President and CEO Martin Anstice - COO
Analysts: Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Bill Ong - American Technology Research Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer CJ Muse - Barclay Capital Timothy Arcuri - Citi Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Stephen Chin - UBS Steven Pelayo - HSBC Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley Jenny Hume - JPMorgan Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Lam Research Corporation's September 2008 quarterly financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions). Now I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, Martin Anstice, recently appointed as Chief Operating Officer, and joining us for the first time, Ernie Maddock, Lam's newly appointed Chief Financial Officer. Since Martin worked as a CFO until the end of September, he will discuss the financial results for this past quarter. And Steve will share our business outlook for the December 2008 quarter before opening up for Q&A. A press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended September 28, 2008 was distributed by Business Wire shortly after 1:00 this afternoon, and is available on our website, lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements including those relating to our forecasts of shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, and earnings per share, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs, and funds that are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements which can found in the slide package accompanying this conference call, and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date, and the company has assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call was scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. and we ask that you please limit your questions to one per firm. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin for a review of the September quarter results.
Martin Anstice:  Thank you, Carol. This afternoon we will speak to our September 2008 quarter financial performance on an absolute basis, and also relative to the June quarter and our expectations for the December quarter. Highlights of the reported earnings, which are generally in line with, or slightly stronger than, our earlier guidance: our revenues of $440 million, down sequentially from our June 2008 quarter, with shipments also down sequentially, marginally below our guidance, low point at $345 million. Sequentially, lower operating expenses, the positive result of various cost containment activities, additional non-ongoing charges to further improve the performance of our Clean Product Group, a quarterly ongoing tax rate of 28% with expectations of a higher fiscal 2009 year ongoing tax rate in the coming quarters, a slow down in our generation of cash from operations consistent with overall business levels. And finally, are the reinforcements, a quality balance sheet with a healthy cash balance and strong operational asset performance that will provide the foundation for weathering the storm of this downturn, and in addition support our commitment to the long-term profitable growth strategy of the company. Now to expand on those headlines, total company shipments declined 30% sequentially, a system or two below our expectations at the beginning of the quarter. In our customary applications and market segment shipments disclosure, we've now included Clean with our Etch products. Accordingly 300 millimeter applications, and also applications at less than or equal to the 90-nanometer technology node, represented slightly more than at 91% per system shipment. Memory segment customers in the quarter were about 72% of the total, with the NAND components accounting for approximately 23% of total memory. Foundry was 8%, with logic other at 20% of the total. Our revenue level of $440 million was inline with expectations, and generally consistent with our high level modeling, which in the long-term has seen prior quarter shipment levels be a directional indicator of current quarter revenues. As a reminder, our June quarter shipments were $495 million. As the wafer fabrication equipment spending of our customers is increasing, focused on necessary technology buys, and overall level of investment decreases, the installed base components of our revenues continues to be an increasingly important part of the business. In fact, in an environment of significantly reduced systems revenues, our September quarter installed base revenues of spares, service, upgrades, and refurbishments held more or less constant in absolute dollars, and that is close to being true for our December quarter outlook at this time also. Ongoing gross margin of 42.3% of revenues was in our targeted range, although down sequentially from June 2008 on lower business volumes. We observed some easing in the quarter of the high customer concentration level and mix that has significantly impacted gross margins of the company in the first half of calendar 2008, although the effect is clearly not totally behind us. If you consider our high level modeling counsel of the last several years, we'd normally expect on average a 1% change or so in gross margins for each $50 million change in business levels. We performed slightly stronger than that baseline in the June to September quarter sequential. The business climate is clearly more challenging. In the September quarter, our shipments level was 78% of reported revenues. In addition, shipments reduced faster sequentially than revenues. Although responsive to changes in volume, our business model does not exclude us from the current economic challenges that can dominate our near term perspective. Factory and field resources were less utilized in the quarter and that remains true today. In this September quarter, we were able to mitigate this impact in part with actions to improve warranty performance, and to lower variable compensation costs. Marginally better product mix also contributed to offset the volume related cost challenges. Steve will speak in a few moments to our guidance and also to general considerations for managing through the challenges ahead. Total company ongoing operating expense was $150 million in the September quarter, declining $11 million sequentially. Through a series of management actions, including the Clean Group restructuring, a significant reduction in all employee and senior executive variable compensation, and a well entrenched discipline to contain costs across the company, we've been able to generally sustain the investments supporting our long-term edge in adjacent market growth plans. Before moving to the balance sheet, our non-ongoing expense items this quarter are as follows: we incurred approximately $14 million net of taxes in restructuring costs related to further streamlining in our Clean Product Group. Approximately one third of the Group's expense was non-cash. These actions were targeted at simplifying and streamlining our management structure, also at focusing our single-wafer wet-clean product portfolio. A number of business integration actions remain ahead of us, and these will further focus the business and target profitability levels in calendar year 2009 even after significantly suppressed consumer spending levels currently anticipated. In addition, we incurred $9 million, as we implemented a tax strategy that is targeted to leverage the benefits of our previously negotiated tax holiday to include future non-US earnings of SEZ. Turning to our income tax rates, we reported an ongoing rate of 28% in the September 2008 quarter. Our best estimate of taxes for the 2009 fiscal year, including the R&D tax credit recently approved is an ongoing effective tax rate of between 35% and 40%. This is meaningfully higher than our long-term targeted rates and will likely be somewhat volatile through the remaining three quarters of the year. The principle reasons for the higher rates and volatility both is the significant reduction in our earnings outlook and the difficulty, certainly in the very first quarter of fiscal year of anticipating the countries that would ultimately have tax jurisdiction over those same earnings. Accordingly, our guidance today for the December 2008 quarter assumes an income tax rate of between 70% and 80%. Restating my earlier points, our best estimates, ongoing tax rate for fiscal '09 is in the range of 35% to 40% and is of course subject to risk should there be additional reductions in earnings from our current outlook. Now turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, remains approximately flat at $1.2 billion. Although there are pressures towards lengthening customer payment terms, we have executed well. DSO remains in our targeted range, and collections from customer to contracted terms has continued to be strong. Particularly worthy of note, we reduced the SEZ past due receivables balance by more than $25 million, or 50% in the last three months. As we stated previously, the Spin division, formerly SEZ, is expected to be dilutive to earnings in calendar '08, but we are still on track to generate positive cash from operations in the year from business, in large measure a consequence of this operational asset performance. Inventory turns for the total company compare well to our peer group, and remained strong at 3.8 turns. After very strong cash from operations performance, in the first half of calendar 2008, the current business climate, and our reduced profitability level, is inevitably placing pressure on second half cash performance. In the September quarter, cash from operations was 10% of revenue. We're currently targeting in the range of 15% to 20% for the full 2008 calendar year. To consolidate, the deferred revenue balance was $104 million. In addition, there was approximately, $41 million of anticipated future revenue value for our previously made shipments to Japanese customers. In the quarter, there was insignificant stock repurchase activity by the company against the recent $250 million board authorization, and in the current financial and credit climates, we remain appropriately conservative in exercising that approval. Consolidated capital expenditures were $15 million, depreciation and amortization was $18 million, and employee headcounts remains essentially flat versus June 2008, at approximately 3,700. For more complete details of the geographic break down of shipments and revenues, please see today's press release on the website for a reconciliation of our shipments, deferred revenue, revenue, and cash. To recap the important headlines, the business climate is difficult and visibility is low. In the September quarter, we delivered ongoing operating performance, generally inline with our expectations. We have taken initial steps to lower certain costs in the company, and as will be clear from our guidance and comments throughout this call, the management team is very focused on exercising that same responsibility in the weeks and months ahead. Now for Steve's comments.
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Martin. As Carol mentioned, about a month ago we announced Martin's appointment to the Chief Operating Officer role, effective beginning in the current quarter. This will be his last call handling the finance discussion. Ernie Maddock, our new CFO, is with us on today's call, and he will take Martin's seat here effective with our December quarter call. I am looking forward to working with Martin and Ernie in their new roles on the senior executive team. Each of them has made a significant contribution to Lam's operations and finance organizations over a number of years, and they have a lot of experience in helping to build the business model that defines Lam today. They have also experienced the ups and downs of wafer-fab equipment investment cycles. So the senior team we have in place brings not only executive experience, but familiarity with many of the challenges we face in this industry. Those are valuable attributes at a time when the current economic environment is so unstable and unpredictable. Global economic outlook has clearly deteriorated in the past few weeks, and our customers are facing an environment of reduced IC unit demand combined with the already existing excess capacity. The unprecedented events in the world's financial markets have severely restricted access to investment capital, not only for our customers, but also for many of their customers, who may have made technology investments and driven demand for additional IC units in the future. With weakening consumer spending, electronics growth will not be as robust as in recent years, and it is clear that IC unit growth going forward will be weaker as well. Supply/demand imbalance in semiconductors, especially in memory, appears to have worsened over the past few weeks. DRAM pricing has fallen substantially in the past quarter, and NAND pricing, while experiencing less pronounced decline, has nonetheless remained weaker than expected as the typical seasonal demand and pricing improvement failed to materialize. Memory pricing is not trending below cash cost at some manufacturing facilities, causing IC unit manufacturers to close fabs, reduce outputs, and the delay investments in new capacity. Foundries are running at lower utilization rates in the recent quarters, suggesting widespread weakness in demand for logic devices as well. Recent announcements of new customer alliances suggest that their focus will be on consolidating their existing operations and investing in product consolidation and technology purchases, rather than investing in new manufacturing facilities. While these actions ultimately will lead to a healthier semiconductor industry, when combined with the weak consumer demand environment, it will likely push out the timing of the resumption of investment for a [wafer startup] expansions. With such an array of factors influencing the macroeconomic environment, visibility to the order patterns and the timing of capacity additions in the semiconductor industry is extremely limited. On our last call, we indicated that September may represent the trough quarter for shipments, but that it was possible that weakness could persist for a couple quarters or more. Since our last earnings call, the response of the semiconductor manufacturing industry to the financial crisis has resulted in the near term outlook for wafer fab spending to deteriorate significantly. We now expect wafer fab equipment investment for 2008 to be down around 35% from the spending in 2007. This reduction in spending is apparent across most segments, with microprocessor spending being the one segment of continued strong investment in the December quarter. To give you a feel for the rapid change in shipment requests change for the December quarter, since our June call, we have seen the customer requested shipments for the December quarter decline by greater than 50%, pushed out into March and beyond. 20% of that decline occurred in just the past two weeks alone, and 80% of the change in requested shipment push outs in the past six weeks. With lead times so short and current IC demand continuing to weaken, equipment purchases in the December quarter appear to be limited to technology related purchases for leading edge devices, except as mentioned in the microprocessor segment, where we have limited participation. Based on the environment I described, our outlook for the December quarter is as follows: We expect our shipments to be in the range of 250 million to 270 million. Revenues are expected to be in the range of $285 million to $315 million. Gross margins are forecasted at 39% of revenue, plus or minus one percentage point. Operating margin is expected to be in the range of negative 8% plus or minus 1 percentage point. And we expect a loss per share of $0.03 plus or minus $0.02 or essentially an after tax loss of approximately 1%. The executive team at Lam is focusing on managing through this downturn as effectively as possible. To date, we've reduced the operating expenses of the company from $161 million in the June quarter to a planned $141 million for the December quarter. We're currently investigating additional cost reduction actions to further lower our break-even revenue level. To get there, we'll be evaluating all our investment projects thoroughly and reassessing near-term priorities, while giving full consideration to the achievement of our long-term strategic objectives. At this time, the specific nature and timing of those additional cost reduction activities remain undetermined. As we look into 2009, our early preliminary expectations are that spending for wafer fab equipment could be down anywhere between 15% to 30%, relative to 2008. This suggests wafer fab equipment spending of around $14 billion to $16 billion in calendar year 2009, which on average, for a given quarter, represents an increase from the December quarter spending levels, which we think is close to $2.5 billion for the industry, or essentially a $10 billion run rate, where the industry is at as a function of expected spending in the December quarter. While our customers are indicating that they plan to take more deliveries for equipment in March versus December, I think we are in a period of such uncertainty that nothing going forward is able to be forecasted with any confidence. Although, there are significant challenges in the current marketplace, we believe we are operating from a position of strength. Our cash balance of approximately $1.2 billion gives us the flexibility to make the investment decisions we need, without compromising our future growth opportunities. Our technology and operational execution over the last several years has helped us establish firm leadership panache, along with very high levels of customer trust, via our strong and capable employee base. We have the resources to execute our highest priority growth initiatives, and we'll continue to do so. Despite the uncertain current macroeconomic and industry environment, we believe in a positive long-term outlook for wafer fab equipment spending in support of global IC unit demand for all the reasons we've talked about in the past. We plan to be ready to take advantage of double patterning opportunities in etch, and the move to single wafer wet-clean and other adjacent market expansion activities when investment in wafer fab equipment reserves. Customers are making tough financial decisions right now, but they are continuing to evaluate the system and service solutions they will need to achieve low cost, high yield at next generation technology nodes. That is where Lam Research excels, and we expect to benefit from it in the future. Thank you all for joining the call today. And now Martin, Ernie, and I will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Please go ahead. Dr. Kumar from Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yeah, hi. Thanks, Steve. Given the unprecedented low levels of shipments, in the December quarter, I think it will be really useful first to know what is in that shipments, in terms of your service and spares revenues and what's Spin is doing, just so as to so that we get a sense as to what really is the capacity orders you're getting, if any, in December?
Steve Newberry: I think as you know, we don't segment our Systems business versus our Customer Service business, but I think if you look at where we have kind of indicated in the past that when we were at 550 million or so in shipments, that our service and spares business was in the 20% to 25% range, and so while the level of service and spares has come down slightly, it's relatively modest compared to the systems activity. And so, to give you a kind of a little feel for where we are in historical perspective, if you look at what it was like for Lam, back in December '00 to December '01, our shipments declined 80%, and there was largely a decline in the systems business. Our revenue declined 65% from March '01 to March '02. So, where we are today, from a current standpoint is that from the peak in June '07, our shipments have declined 62% and our revenues have declined 56%. And I think that it would be fair to say that we're not yet in a situation that's as, big a decline in systems as what we saw in that '00 to '01 timeframe, but we're getting pretty close.
Operator: Our next question, in just a moment is from Bill Ong, American Technology Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Ong - American Technology Research: Yes, hi. It is the first time, in a long time, that the companies are starting to lose money in the downturn. So I have a more of an industry question, trying to identify baselines. If I look at the capital intensity for the chip industry it is probably about 20%, trending down to about 16%, 18%, if we look at disc drive industries, it's about 8% of revenues. Do you have a sense of what type of capital intensity level can be reached over the course of time? It's clearly trending downward.
Steve Newberry: Bill, I think it's clear that when you look at what makes up the capital intensity, that when we look at what occurred in 2007, at about 22% of revenue, that dramatic growth in NAND flash and DRAM in 2006 and 2007 contributed significantly to that capital intensity. In 2008 we think the overall capital spending intensity is about 16%, as you suggested and that's the function of the fact that memory spending, both in DRAM and NAND are down significantly in '08 and all the other segments actually are down as well, but dramatic changes in reduction, 20% in NAND and 50% plus in DRAM. So the real question is, on a going forward basis, what's the right level of equilibrium? And I think that that's the difficult thing to talk about in the short-term because, with the economic environment being such that it's going to suppress demand for some significant period of time. That capital intensity in 2009 is likely to drop even more and is likely to end up at a historical low, given the level of excess capacity that we have going out of 2008 and a drop in demand environment. Having said that, when demand returns and bit growth accelerates as a function of new products and new memory intensity, particularly NAND intensity, I think that will end up in a situation where we are going to be closer to a 16% to 18% type capital intensity, but I think that, part of that's going to be a function of how much do we end up getting rid of the excess or nonproductive 200 millimeter capacity, which recently we've seen just in the month of September alone, huge announcements of shut downs in 200 millimeter memory fabs. We've seen companies announcing that they are significantly reducing wafer starts and we have the equivalent of about 240,000 wafer starts per month of 300 millimeter equivalent, wafer starts, coming offline, and that should do a lot to get supply/demand back in balance and then we can see where it goes from there on a going forward basis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead sir.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Quick question here, just on a model, you are staying pretty well within the kind of rule of thumb gross margin decline on (Technical Difficulty). down the road, are there gradations in terms of revenue where there will different rule of thumb?
Carol Raeburn: Sorry, we couldn't hear your question. Could you repeat it please?
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Yeah, my question was just based on your incremental gross margin rule of thumb. On the downside, it's 1% of gross margin for every $50 million of revenue. Just in the interest of kind of modeling recovery here in my model, I am just wondering how you think that rule of thumb works in the opposite direction to the upside?
Steve Newberry: In the long-term and we've kind of being talking about this for a number of years now and I am always extremely cautious about floating this kind of model, because every time we do it someone claims a specific difference to it, but generally speaking, on the down and the up, it's a reasonably reliable metric. The biggest disconnect that exists, whenever it does, is all about the inflection points and the speed at which the change happens. And so, I was very deliberate in my choice of words today, again, when I said 1% for a $50 million change in business levels, because what we tend to get focused on, in this competition is the relationship of margins to a change in revenue and obviously that's appropriate, but a big part of how we utilize the cost structure is the by-product of the shipments level. So, two things you have to be careful of when you're modeling. One is them is disconnect between shipments and revenues can sometimes cause that 1% to $50 million metric to get out of balance. And the second one is the speed at which any change happens. When it happens very fast, then, going up, we are tending to invest ahead of that pace in order to kind of stay with it as we expand. So it's imperfect, but it's the best I could ever articulate for modeling purposes. If you have a one or two year horizon here.
Operator: Our next question is from CJ Muse with Barclay Capital. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse - Barclay Capital: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess two part question. First off, where is break even today if you were to exclude some of the higher margin deferred revenues that you're bringing in? And then secondly, considering, weak outlook probably through at least the first half of '09, how aggressive will you be to cutting costs further to drive break even or better results?
Steve Newberry: I will speak to first part of the question. And presumptions CJ is your statement around pulling in higher margins deferred revenues as a by-product of the deferred profit balance being 75%, versus the 65% level within the last the last couple of years. Is that a fair presumption?
CJ Muse - Barclay Capital: I'm going to assume it is.
Martin Anstice: So the headline, relative to the break even points is that that deferred revenue balance, when it's down at the level it is, and deferred revenue in this range is low for us, any mixed changes, whether it's mixed in the System's business, one customer to another or mixed between, a refurbishment, upgrade type of environment and first in fab systems can distort the relationships that show up in the deferred profit number. I would categorically say don't read too much into that presentation, the fact there is a statement, defer possibility that is a little higher than we have seen in the last couple of quarters is not a statement around, let modeling into earnings and profitability levels going forward, whether it's based on your thought of pulling higher margin business into revenues squad indeed kind of modeling independent of that. So just be careful about that premise. Relative to the break even point of the company, obviously one of the best kind of directional statements you have is the guidance that Steve just articulated, which is not so very far away from giving you most of the answers to that question. I think one of the things you have to be sensitive to when you think about interpreting that, if you're really focused on evaluating the break even points of the company is that even though we've taken a significant set of actions around the variable cost structure of the company, in areas that I would call easier to implement. Like for example, reducing variable compensation levels, there are clearly discretionary elements of our spending embedded in today's cost structure, whether they are relative to the etch business expansion plans or our adjacent market growth strategy. So that's kind of a very important factor. And Steve in a moment will speak to how aggressive we're going to be, or where we're focused on evaluating in the coming weeks here. I think you have to be very conscious of the level of discretionary investment. It still is in our cost structure. You also have to be in the interest of modeling a pure break even point, conscious of mix. And indeed what happens, and we've seen it a lot through this year, it's gotten a little bit better, and have this level of suppressed spending, the concentration of spending to few customers is still significant. And when that happens, those few customers tend to be your larger customers and tend to be the types of customers that we have overtime negotiated significant deals with that have kind of long-term pricing. And so, there definitely is a mix element today. So I would not literally take the guidance that Steve has given and translate that into a specifics of calculating at break even points. I would at least range it and I would range it somewhere between 350 and 375 today and that is before any actions that Steve will now speak to in terms of our outlook here.
Steve Newberry: Given that we've had this almost unprecedented acceleration of shipment push outs in the December quarter, and that we're ultimately in a situation where, because of the nonlinearity of those shipments, our turns factors are at a historical low in December. That when I look at what I think the future will be, it's certainly a reasonable expectation to think that where we are in shipments and where we are in revenue? Has a lot more potential would be higher in the future than it is lower. But having said that, we're in uncharted waters and so our approach, relative to where we go from here, is that we're going to take a very conservative approach as to the speed at which recovery will occur from an economic IC unit demand standpoint. We're going to assume a very conservative approach in terms of the availability of capital for investment. And we're fundamentally going to model that in the December and March quarters. That we're basically looking at technology investments. They may be higher than the levels that we're going to see in December. And so, we're going to be very aggressive at the review of all the activities that we have in the company. All options are on the table given, the environment that we're in. And, our focus is going to be on continuing to invest in those key areas of the business that are going to facilitate our ability to have accelerated revenue and profitability growth, while we're clearly going to make decisions to either cut back or eliminate, spending in areas that are not consistent with what we believe is essential for our future success.
Martin Anstice: If I could just kind of supplement that just so that everybody's clear about the context of this comment that Steve just made. He describes an expectation is more likely to go up in terms of the shipments commentary. The context is some of the comments in his prepared notes. And so, we specifically have given guidance to a mid point of shipments at the $260 million level. Our best estimate of December wafer fab spending is in the range of $2.5 billion. Now, the more likely context is in the context of the 14 to 16 billion of wafer fab frameworks that he outlined for 2009, so just to connect those dots, that's important.
Operator: Our next question Timothy Arcuri with Citi. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Arcuri - Citi: Couple things. First, did I hear Martin you say that embedded in the guidance for December is a tax rate of 70%. And then second question, Steve if I look at the net cash today, it's about 35% to roughly 40% of the entire capitalization of the company today. You really are losing money, but not much and I suppose it could get worse from here, but there's, you know, lots of bad news out there on the tape. Samsung is now talking about CapEx being down 50%, things like that. So why not come in and buyback more stock down here? Because you definitely have the money and you are buying back lots of stock up when it was (inaudible). So I guess I am just kind of curious why you are not buying back stock down here, thanks.
Martin Anstice: I'll deal with the first part. Yes, I did say between 70% and 80% tax rate for the ongoing tax rate of the company in the December quarter guidance. And that obviously is a tax rate in benefit terms in the December quarter in the context of the performance that was guided.
Steve Newberry: Tim, it's a good question. And that will certainly be a topic of discussion that we're going to have with our Board and I mean clearly we are in a situation where what we are doing right now may not be what we do two months from now as we see what's happening with the financial crisis in terms of how it plays itself out, because as you said, we are probably in a period of the greatest uncertainty that at least in my 28 years I've had the opportunity to experience. And clearly if things were to, in essence, just shut down in terms of investment, then you would run into a situation where instead of losing a couple of a million in a quarter, like we're talking about here, after taxes, you know that's the potential to lose more certainly exists. And I think that one of the things that as Martin commented, we're going to be, cautious in the near term so that we can kind of get a better feel for how this thing's going to play out. And certainly, the fact that we have the authorization in place, will enable us to move pretty quickly in a share repurchase activity when we feel like the environment is conducive in terms of the risk, reward relationships.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Hi, since you guys talked about this in not much capacity on spending, I was just curious your 2009 WF production, $14 million to $16 million how much of that is actually factoring some capacity addition. And tied to that question, just kind of curious in terms of, conversion opportunity, one of your customers converting a big fab from trench to stack. I was just wondering how much opportunity would that be for Lam Research?
Steve Newberry: I think that historically you end up in a situation where 20% of investment that's when you're at the levels of a 20% CapEx intensity. That when you get the wafer fab equipment and you're looking at that being say 10% to 12%. So you're looking at 20% of that. So if we had a spending of $30 billion in 2007, you're looking at $6 billion or $7 billion was probably pure technology investment. So when you talk about this $14 billion to $16 billion, I think you're talking about $7 billion or $8 billion of it is going to occur from the standpoint of absolute necessity for technology activity and you're probably looking at $4 billion to $6 billion, maybe $8 billion would be associated with capacity additions. And clearly, depending on capacity additions it is going to be a function of where's the demand coming from, and some people may label a set of equipment that goes in for a 3X activity in NAND as a capacity addition. It maybe, if the wafer starts are actually going up, but it may also be just a technology transition if the wafers start, output is just a technology note transition. But that's why, I mean, when I look at $14 billion to $16 billion in spending for 2009, and the fact that we're, at a $2.5 billion spending rate in the December quarter. We're bouncing along there at those very fundamental low levels of investment where it's essentially almost no capacity, other than in microprocessor. The rest of the spending is fundamentally technology. Now, the second part of the question was, what was it? So clearly, that was part of what I was directing my comments when you look at Micron's activities with Nanya, came on to trench technology and now the purchase of Inotera by Micron which is on trench technology. And there's a lot of wafer starts that are on trench and overtime that's going to get ramped down and there'll be equipment purchases to convert. Given that we have a very strong presence with Micron, I think that will be favorable to Lam in terms of the market share that we would be able to capture out of those product consolidation and technology purchases that will be going into those DRAM fabs. As you look at some of the other consolidations that are occurring, as a lot of people take 200 millimeter offline and convert it to 300, our market share in 300 millimeters is higher than in 200. So those things are favorable to Lam as well
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good afternoon. When you consider a wafer fab equipment forecast of down 15% to 30% in 2009, how do you think about incorporating memory segment consolidation and the potential for ideal memory capacity coming back on line. That is all things considered to date, could it be a lot worse?
Steve Newberry: Of course, it could. All right, I think that, here's the reality from my perspective. We are in an environment where I think that when you put out a forecast of 15 to 30, which you can obviously drive a Mac truck through, what it's really saying is our ability to really be able to predict the future is essentially almost zero. And what we have to do, with the company is, we make a set of assumptions in terms of what we think a likely scenario is and then get our investments and our cost structure positioned, so that we can operate from a financial perspective where we want to be, and what's in the best interest of our customers, our shareholders and our employees. And then when things change, if they get even worse than what we thought, we already have the plans that we can go and execute and move quickly. As things get better, then we have the operational execution and the manpower to go and capitalize on all those opportunities and not only deliver topline growth, but really accelerate the rate at which we can drop profitability to the bottom line. We're really in that kind of situation where we clearly are going to reduce are our breakeven point lower. We're clearly going to be in a position that if things were to get worse, we would be ready to respond and if things get better, we're going have the ability to execute, but I really don't have a clue what's going to happen in '09.
Operator: . And our next question is from Jim Covello. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Just curious about whether your estimate incorporated any spending from the new foundry that we have entering the market next year and if not, just what your thoughts are in terms of what that entity could potentially spend and if you've had any preliminary discussions with them at all, would be very helpful. Thank you.
Steve Newberry: I think that, we could all sit around and we can take public comments that the foundry industry, as well as the other IDM semiconductor manufacturers and we can see them talk in terms of CapEx reductions for '09, anywhere from 20% to 40% and then you have the potential presence of new players who may inject capital into a new fab, a new foundry, et cetera. I think the reality is that, as we saw, in this December quarter, literally, in a four week period or six week period, from the first of September through the 17th of October, the change in requested deliveries for the December quarter was dramatically pushed out. I am talking hundreds of millions of dollars of requested deliveries in a very short time period. And that's a reflection of the fact that all the expectations that people had, that demand was going to be there, and they weren't expecting, obviously that we were going to have the financial crisis that we've seen, but once that realization occurs, then they're just going to shut down and hunker down and redefine what it is they want to do. So, relative to the announced restructuring of AMD and the new foundry and Abu Dhabi government, and the private equity investments of $6 billion, $8 billion over ex number of years. How much of that would be spent in 2009, I think absolutely going to be a function of what's the demand environment, what's the need for new fab capacity to be spent as opposed to utilization of the existing wafer start capability that exists in the AMD fabs that are already in existence. So, don't know what they're going to do.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Thank you. Just wanted to come back to how you can manage this strong balance sheet? You say customers are still making technology purchases, will Lam look for more of the customers who really need equipment now, some extended payment terms to try to gain market share? And how will you make those balances fit the balance sheet decision?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think that, I mean, clearly you, you want to be in a situation where you have cash available, to fund any lost situations should that be where you're at, relative to decisions that we want to make or need to make to continue to be positioned as a premier supplier of leading edge productivity capable solutions. The reality is that, we don't know where this thing is going. Even though we expect that it's more likely to get better from a run rate standpoint in 2009 than where we are sitting here in the fourth quarter of 2008, but there may be periods in any given quarter where a customer may present us with an opportunity that for those who can afford it and a customer is trying to accelerate perhaps a new technology design, accelerate a move to 3X product with say a NAND or 4X product in DRAM. You want to be able to be in a position that if you need to put a bunch of EDA tools out there, well they don't necessarily effect very much your P&L, they very much do affect your cash flow in terms of the amount of money that you have to spend on material that ultimately ends up in an inventory situation. So you definitely want to have cash position for use in working capital situations. And clearly, what happens historically in these down turns, particularly in really difficult down turns, is those companies who go into them with a strong financial position, typically come out of these things in a an even stronger position as it relates to market share, accelerated revenue growth and accelerated profitability performance. And we expect that will be the case for us without knowing at this point in time what those specific opportunities are, but as they present themselves, we will have the ability to make the choices to execute them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Pelayo with HSBC. Please go ahead.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  Yes, two questions. First a clarification. You're mix comment. NAND was 23% of total memory shipment. I guess that suggests you're non-NAND, you're DRAM are still remaining at a relatively high level here. What's your outlook for the mix for both of that going forward into the December quarter? My second question is then going to be, just your thoughts on (inaudible) growth. If you think capital intensity is going to fall down to 14%, 15% or so here, next year then maybe return to 16% plus, that probably doesn't even get us back to 2007 levels in 2010. So when you're thinking like longer term planning here, can Lam really still spend $80 million a quarter in R&D, if that's the opportunity over the next two years? Help me understanding your thoughts on long-term growth?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think when we look at what may play itself out in 2009, we are expecting a stronger environment in 2010. How much stronger? I think it is clearly a function of how does this economic crisis play itself out throughout the world. What really happens to the US consumer in terms of if 10% plus of the spending in US GDP, which is probably somewhere around $10 trillion to $12 trillion and a trillion to a trillion, $1.5 trillion is debt related, how much of that spending goes away and what's that's impact to global GDP, and how does that play itself out in 2009. So that when you look at 2010, what's the opportunity for electronic segment growth? What's the innovation that comes out in the next 12 to 18 months that can be a stimulant to IC unit growth and bit growth, particularly in NAND, but also dragging the DRAM along with it. So the reality is that I would expect that we will be making certain reductions in certain areas and as we figure those out, over the next, three to four weeks or so, we'll be able to have discussions with the financial community about how we are repositioning our business model on a going forward basis. You may very well be right that we're going to be looking at a situation in 2010 that maybe the spending is $24 billion in wafer fab equipment, which would be similar to where we were in 2005, I think. And what Lam has to do is our market share in etch is much higher today than it was in 2005. Our customer service business is bigger, by a significant amount in that timeframe in 2010 than it was in 2005 and our adjacent market expansion strategy will add hundreds of millions of additional revenues. So that, even though the wafer fab equipment spending level may be similar to that I would expect that Lam's revenues will be significantly higher as a function of those elements I just mentioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. At the SEMICON presentation, you guys said your revenue growth opportunity does double the WSE growth by entering adjacent markets through 2010. And I understand the environment is significantly different now than then. I just wanted to know what your thoughts are now in terms of your revenue growth opportunities with the WSE. And then, can you give the backlog number? I think you guys disclosed it at the end of the last quarter.
Steve Newberry: Martin, will answer that last part of it, but I mean, when all of our assumptions were based on what we thought the growth rate would be from 2006 to 2010. Certainly, in the environment that we are in now, all bets are off in terms of where that ultimately ends up. And if what we spend in 2006 was about 28.7 in the wafer fab equipment, we may very well be in a situation in 2010 that it's lower than that, could be equal to that. So the growth in wafer fab equipment could be negative and Lam Research in 2006 was about $2.2 billion company. So if the spending is similar, let's say at $28 billion in 2010, we will be at a revenue level that's hundreds of millions higher than that $2.2 billion. So we're going to grow relative to 2006 even if the spending is equal to 2006.
Martin Anstice: Relative to the backlog question, we don't specifically disclose it in the context of also not disclosing the orders, but the last couple of disclosure from the company was our June quarter closing backlog and that was just below $400 million. The best I can contribute to answering your question is that since that time by directionality you know that the shipments in September kind of trended down and the shipments in December are at least correlated to prior period kind of bookings. So our guidance for December shipments is also down against September shipments. So it would be fairly rational to conclude that if we ended a June backlog with 400 were something less than that today.
Carol Raeburn: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Okay. And our next question comes from the line of Jay Deahna with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Jenny Hume - JPMorgan: Hi it's Jenny Hume in for Jay Deahna. Just two quick questions, how much of your revenues were generated from your Clean business and how much was from Etch? And then can we just get an update on the integration and execution of your Clean business with SEZ as a ramp of your Clean business overall?
Steve Newberry: We don't actually have segment disclosure that would allow me to answer your question relative to Etch and Clean revenues unfortunately. Relative to the integration, I think as we highlighted in our prior earnings call, and at some level repeated today, by virtue of restructuring disclosure, we are continually accelerating our integration efforts and we've made significant progress relative to the face to the customer and the integration of the sales organization and the field service organization into our pre-existing account structure. And that was one of the most important things to accomplish at the outset. We've continued to build upon the substance of that integration at effort. We have, as we just highlighted, having reduced the headcount of that combined organization view, made some further changes relative to the executive and leadership structure of the business, because some elements of the restructuring charge in this quarter and we also have made some steps to streamline some of the single-wafer wet product portfolio that again, realize some of the restructuring costs and anticipated ongoing benefits. So directionally I think there is a lot of positive momentum. It is accelerating, as we step into what I'll call the more infrastructure related aspects of integration and that will be a big focus for the company in the coming months and quarters and we'll provide updates as appropriate in the next earnings call.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead, sir.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot. Steve at a high level can you just compare this current down turn from an industry perspective versus probably the last here one what we had in the '01, '02 time period? Thanks a lot.
Steve Newberry: Yes, I think if we go back and look at the '00, '01, '02 down turn, we ended up in a situation where we started this decline coming off the peak of a huge speculative bubble of demand, coming off the .com, the Y2K, et cetera. And we were clearly in an excess supply versus demand environment, but, what occurred was we went negative in IC unit demand, which was only one other time in the entire history of the semiconductor industry that year-over-year IC unit demand go negative and that occurred certainly in 2001. Then we had 9/11 which created a huge economic issue. So you ended up with kind of the triple storm where we had a normal, excess capacity adjustment you are going to have to deal with. You had an unprecedented IC unit demand decline and then you add an economic decline. So where are we here? We have a typical excess capacity to demand and now we have an economic climate. So we have two out of the three and I think the issue of how much IC unit demand declines from where we are. I think it is really going to be a function of how bad is this economic situation? As I commented to Satya in the first question, while we are not at the decline in shipment levels from peak to trough that we experienced back in December of 2000, to December of 2001, we're fairly close. And while I hope that what we're seeing here is a bottom from a shipment output standpoint, I think that the uncertainty in the economic environment that's present today makes how this thing's going to play out in the next two quarters very uncertain. And while where we where in 2000, 2001, it doesn't mean we can't end up there in the next two or three quarters. This is the second worst down turn, in terms of size and scale and scope that I've had the opportunity to witness.
Carol Raeburn: We'd like to thank you for joining us today. Please be advised that a webcast of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. We hope you'll join us for our next quarterly financial update in January 2009. Thank you for your interest in Lam Research and for participating in today's call
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using ACT Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Raeburn - SD of IR Steve Newberry - President and CEO Martin Anstice - CFO
Analysts: Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Wayne Guyon - Oppenheimer and Company Jay Deahna - JPMorgan Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Bill Ong - American Technology Research Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch Keith Todd - Morgan Stanley  Krish Shankar - Banc of America Securities Stephen Chin - UBS C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2008 quarterly financial results conference call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to Lam Research Corporations quarterly conference call. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the quarter ended June 29, 2008 and share our business outlook for the September 2008 quarter. A press release detailing our financial results for the June 2008 quarter was distributed by Business Wire at approximately 1 o'clock this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause results to differ can be find in our most recently filed Annual Report and Form 10-K. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin for a review of the June quarter results.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Carol. This afternoon, we will concentrate the discussion on our June 2008 quarter financial performance and where appropriate provide some linkage to recent disclosure in our investor and analyst meeting. Highlights of reported earnings for the quarter are very strong cash performance, including a solid contribution from our recently acquired SEZ business. Stronger revenue performance than initially anticipated, some specific cost containment in operating expense, one-time costs to lower the future breakeven points of our Clean Product Group, and tax rate benefits, one-time and ongoing, also contributed to our EPS performance being stronger than our guidance. As a reminder, this is the first full quarter of consolidation for our recent SEZ acquisition and to assist you in understanding our business through this period of transition, I'll again provide some specificity related to our Clean Product Group. I will be deliberate in my references to the total company, to the SEZ business, or to the underlying pre-acquisition core of Lam as appropriate. Now to expand on these headlines. total company shipments declined 25% sequentially, and in aggregate, we're at the low end of our guidance range. Now our customary etch applications and market segment shipments disclosure is 300-millimeter applications at 90%, applications at less than or equal to the 90-nanometer technology node at 90%, memory segment customers in the quarter at about 75% of the total with the NAND components accounting for approximately 38% of total memory. Foundry was 12% with logic other at 13% of the total. Earnings for the June 2008 quarter included revenues slightly above our high-end guidance at 566 million, the upside driven from our etch business. Overall, the high level of customer concentration in our business, discussed earlier this year, continued through June. For the SEZ business specifically, we were successful in our transition to an acceptance-based model, reporting revenues of slightly less than 40 million in the quarter, which was consistent with our expectations. Consolidated ongoing gross margin of slightly less than 44% of revenues was in the upper range of guidance, although down sequentially, due principally to worsening of the higher customer concentration theme, the lower business volumes impact on fields and factory resource utilization, and specifically the unfavorable impact of SEZ to our consolidated gross margins of approximately 1 percentage point. As we have stated consistently, we continue to invest in long-term growth of the company and with that in mind, our total company ongoing operating expense level was approximately 161 million in the June quarter, representing an increase of 12 million sequentially. We incurred a full quarter ongoing operating expense for SEZ of 24 million, compared to the past quarter expense of 6 million in March. The underlying operating expenses of core Lam reduced sequentially by 6 million. in large part due to lower variable compensation on lower profits and the return to a more normalized level of payroll taxes. Before moving to the balance sheet, non-ongoing P&L items are as follows. We incurred approximately 19 million in restructuring expenses related to streamlining our Clean Product Group, approximately two-thirds was non-cash. A headcount reduction of approximately 170, incurred 6 million in one-time costs. In addition, we recorded a 13 million asset impairment associated with facilities actions and initial product line integration roadmaps. As previously stated, we expect these actions to result in annualized savings of 25 million effective September 2008 quarter. In addition, and unrelated, the company reported a one-time tax benefit 12 million from a favorable settlement of an international tax item. To a large extent, impacted by this benefit, also a more optimistic outlook for our use of historic tax assets of SEZ and some other customary year-end tax items. The US GAAP income tax rate for the fiscal year ended June 2008 was in the range of 24%, compared to the 28% previously anticipated. This rate reduction in the time frame close to the fiscal year-end significantly lowers ongoing rate for the June 2008 quarter. Our best estimate of our medium term income tax rate is still in the 25% range, plus or minus a percentage point, and this is the basis for our September quarter guidance that will be provided today. Now turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, increased by approximately $200 million, to end the quarter at $1.2 billion. This achievement is largely a contribution from two factors. The first, strong customer collection performance, and second, decreasing material purchases and inventory balances on lower business volumes. Our cash from operations was 35% of revenues, which is on its own a significant headline for the company. As I stated last week, although we are expecting the operating performance of SEZ to be dilutive to earnings in the calendar year, we are targeting positive cash generation in 2008 from that business. In the June quarter we meaningfully delivered to this objective by contributing approximately $15 million to the total company. The consolidated deferred revenue balance for the total company was $194 million. In addition there was approximately $52 million of anticipated future revenue for our previously made shipments to Japanese customers. In the quarter there was no stock repurchase activity by the company, consolidated capital expenditures were $19 million, depreciation and amortization was $19 million, our employee head count ended the quarter in the 3700 range. In addition to the earlier comments of SEZ cash generation, our operating asset performance and focus remains very strong. Total company account receivable collection performance had a DSO of 66 days, with inventory performance at 4.5 churns. As always, for more complete details of the geographic breakdown of shipments and revenue, please see today's press release on the web site for a reconciliation of shipments, revenue, deferred revenue and cash. To recap the important headlines, we were pleased that through a period of significant contraction in the industry, we delivered healthy ongoing operating performance and in particular, strong cash from operations. We lowered the ongoing operating expenses of the core Lam business and prepared for further reduction of spending that will feature in our September quarterly guidance today We consolidated a full quarter of SEZ into the financials and accelerated our integration plan, lowering the break-even of our cleaning product group, and we reported two significant non-ongoing items this quarter, the $19 million restructuring expense and a $12 million favorable tax benefit. Now to Steve's comments.
Steve Newberry: Thank you Martin, and good afternoon everyone. As Martin described, I think Lam had a very successful quarter in a challenging environment, with our June quarter shipments, revenues, and earnings per share all beating or exceeding our previously stated expectations. In addition to solid financial results we made significant progress with our SEZ integration activities, and have begun extensive cost reduction activities to more appropriately size our clean product group for the market served and deliver improved financial performance in future quarters. Since our last quarterly call we updated our 2008 outlook. The macro-economic environment has continued to deteriorate, and our outlook for 2008 wafer fabrication equipment is for spending to be down 25% to 30%, compared to 2007. As we previously indicated, even a down 25% spending scenario for 2008 requires a significant uptick in shipments activity in the December quarter. For this to happen we would need to see improvement in both NAND and DRAM, supply versus demand balance, and a resumption of spending by the Taiwanese DRAM manufacturers, as well as foundries. On the positive front overall IC units are still forecasted up 11% in calendar year 08, and the PC and cell phone market outlook continues to be strong with forecasted unit growth between 10% and 15% in 2008. Cell phone demand is being driven more by lower-end phones, which means demand for high chip content and performance requirements has not been as strong as expected. The growth in PC's and cell phones, however, suggests that some demand-led capacity additions may be on the horizon, although the timing of those capacity additions is still uncertain. The expected level of spending for equipment in the September quarter will be sharply down, relative to June, it may represent the trough in equipment purchases for this cycle. But the question remains, as to how many quarters this trough type environment will continue. In etch and clean, we believe the reduction in equipment spending for calendar year 2008 may be down a few additional percentage points more than general wafer fab equipment, which is the normal trend in those markets in a downturn. With the current uncertainty around the timing of the resumption of customer spending for wafer fab equipment, I would like to discuss our areas of focus during the challenging near term environment. Right now on clean, our focus is on activities which provide a single point of contact to the customer, in addition to targeting numerous application specific penetration opportunities with our broad clean product portfolio. As we shared with you at our recent analyst event, we are engaged with several significant customers in valuing opportunities for transition to single wafer clean in the front end of the line, and are encouraged by the number of opportunities for product penetration and market share expansion. Customer recognition of the need for more effective clean solutions at the 5X and 4X nodes and below is rapidly increasing along with our interest in the advance solution capabilities we provide. As the adoption of single wafer clean moves to the front end of the line, we believe our production proven single wafer clean technologies in the back end of the line will help us make significant penetrations and facilitate strong participation in the growth of the overall single wafer clean market over the next few years. As a function of the current environment, we have accelerated a contraction of the operating expenses of the SEZ group and we undertook a worldwide restructuring activity in the Clean Product Group during the June quarter. We expect these actions will lower ongoing costs in our Clean Product Group by approximately 6 million per quarter. We continue to evaluate opportunities for cost reduction and operating asset improvements, as we align the product roadmaps and backoffice needs of the combined companies, and we expect to have a second round of cost reduction activities for the Clean Product Group later in 2008, largely related to backoffice efficiencies. In addition, our variable business model has allowed us to reduce cost in the company as a whole and we continue to evaluate ongoing cost reduction activities where appropriate. Specifically, we plan to significantly lower certain variable costs which we expect to generate savings of more than 5 million per quarter from our current operating expense levels, and these reductions are reflected in our September guidance. We will continue focusing on the fundamentals for future growth by continued investment in R&D, and by targeting application-specific market share gains in etch and penetrating new markets with new products. For the September quarter, our guidance will reflect the fact that we are clearly in the midst of a very challenging shipment and revenue environment. Specifically, for September, we expect shipments to range between 350 million to 390 million. Revenues are expected to be in the range of 425 million to 455 million. Gross margins are forecasted at 42.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point, operating margin guidance is in the range of 7.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point, and GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.21 to $0.27 per share for the quarter. To summarize, the remainder of 2008 remains uncertain from a wafer fab equipment spending perspective. However, with the sharp decline in our shipments from the prior quarter to the September 2008 quarterly guidance, we think we are at or very close to the bottom of this cycle, setting the stage for increased purchases in the next quarter or two. The decisions we are making at Lam today are based on how to best manage the company to remain profitable in the short-term, while keeping the company well positioned for the beginning of the new cycle. Our longer-term strategic view is for return to growth in wafer fab equipment spending in 2009 and for spending to be in the 33 million to 36 billion range in 2010, which is supported by continued favorable IC unit demand outlook over the next several years. To capture that opportunity, we will continue to invest, to extend our positions in etch and single wafer clean by providing our customers with solutions to the technology challenges present at each new generation of integrated circuits. And we will continue the R&D activity necessary to support entry into other adjacent new markets. As we invest in the opportunities for increasing the profitable growth of the company, we will also continue to leverage our operating model to execute on cost reduction initiatives to support our current profitability cash generation needs.  Thank you for your attention, and we will now open the call to questions. Carol? Carol Raeburn We will go ahead with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Satya Kumar from Credit Suisse. Please pose your question.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Hi, thanks. Steve and Martin, I just was wondering related to your comment that September to could be the trough. Your shipment run rate in September is clearly much below the revenue run rate and the look out into the order pipeline for the second half. What sort of shipments pickup would you envision in the December quarter? And are you projecting any increases from Taiwan DRAM specifically in December?
Steve Newberry: I think that consistent with the comments that I talked about that should be down 25% in wafer fab equipment spending in 2008, we would have to have a sharp increase in December, and if you look at where the level of the shipments are in September, you're talking really about 50% plus increase in shipments in the December quarter to get into that 25% of range. As it stands right now, customer requests for deliveries in December would support that kind of number, but as we've certainly seen over the last couple months, I think that it's not really a set of deliveries that we can have a lot of confidence in. I think that we will have to watch what happens to pricing, and supply and demand for DRAM and NAND. And if those environments stabilize, then I think the customers will go ahead. But I think there's a lot of fluidity in the December quarter for sure.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: And quick follow up for Martin. Curious what was the reasoning for not buying back stock in the quarter, can you remind us, now that you have SEZ, what's the new minimum cash you need to run the business and what's your thoughts process on buybacks given by the stock side?
Martin Anstice: And so the obvious response to the question is we don't have an authorization from the Board of Directors to exercise a stock repurchase plan relative to thinking, obviously there's a lot of uncertainty and fluidity, using Steve's words in terms of our outlook. In addition fair amount of, I would say, volatility in capital markets generally, which is very relevant for us answering the question. Clearly we have cash in excess of our day-to-day operational needs. In fact we just generated probably our top five quarters ever, in terms of cash from operations performance in the company. So, I would say at least for now the decision making process relative to what we are doing is still defined around investing in the profitable growth of our company. That clearly is a long-term perspective and decision, and we're not going to make a short-term choice to undermine the long-term potential growth of the company. So for now plenty of dialogue at the executive team level on the subject. I'm sure a continued dialogue at the Board level, but until we have a Board authorization there really is nothing more to contribute.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please limit your questions to just one question. And the next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much, I appreciate you taking the question. If I'm only allowed to ask one, I'll ask about gross margins and the dynamics of gross margins. As we get to the bottom of the cycle and then we come out of the bottom of the cycle, between shipments or among shipments, revenues and mix, how do we think about modeling gross margins going forward? What's the most important criteria, is it shipments, revenues, is it the mix or how does that all break down? Thanks so much
Steve Newberry: I hate to say all of the above, but I'm going to kind of say that. But to be a little bit more helpful I'll try and bridge a couple perspectives for you. One of them is, as you look at the June quarter compared to March, we drifted off in the range of 4 percentage points of margin, and typically  and this is a very, very general kind of response to the question, typically a 50 million change in volume impacts the company by about percentage point increase margins and it is plus or minus a bit. But if you kind of took a very long-term perspective, a point or so gross margin for $50 million is where we are and clearly volume in that area was an impact in the quarter. We did have, as I said, about a percentage point for SEZ and the remainder was mix and the mix has kind of two components to it. One of them is a concentration of the business around a few number of customers and we're clearly not for obvious reasons go get into too many specifics with that, but we did begin the trend of concentration of spending in the March quarter. It worsened and that contributed one or two percentage points to the regression of gross margins in the quarter. The other elements of the mix is the importance of the customer service business group. So, in the March to June timeframe where our revenues kind of contracted to the $566 million level, the underlying customer service install base business spares and service, and upgrade and refurbishing etc, actually expanded. And in fact in the outlook that is also a continuing theme. So you've got an environment where although Cap Ex is coming down or has come down year-over-year, our business in customer service is actually increasing. And as a reminder customer service business group gross margins are in the range of 5 to 10 percentage points worse than the system's business, but the operating income level is about the same. But the profile of the income statement is quite different. You have got a lot of moving parts unfortunately Jim, but I hope that context around a point or so for every million, the type of impact of concentration and the SEZ can kind of get you there. I am hopeful that certainly what goes with an expectation of any uptick in December in spending, is less concentration and more participants in spending. And just like when we had less participants, margins got worse, I would expect with more participants, margins would get a little better. But, you know, lacking, I would say real substance and fidelity about predicting December business, it would be a little premature for me to start signaling a margin expansion for mix right now.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: I really appreciate it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Hsueh from Oppenheimer and Company. please go ahead with your question.
Wayne Guyon - Oppenheimer and Company: Hi, this is [Wayne Guyon] for Gary. First question regarding the revenue looking forward. If we assume 25% CapEx trough in 08 and looking at the first half of the yea and the guidance for Q1, we are looking at below 400 million level on the revenue for Q4. Does that make sense to you regarding below 400 level or the revenue run, and if that's the case, what kind of gross margin are we looking at and operating margin are we looking at?
Steve Newberry: I'm glad you asked that question, because I think that typically if you look at shipments in a given quarter, it's a pretty good proxy for revenue in the next quarter. But the reality is, is that it's not always the case. If the shipments pick up strongly in December as they're currently scheduled to do with our ability to turn about 50% of those shipments into revenue, you can very much change the revenue forecast for the December quarter to be at a much higher level than what the shipments level are in September. And so while December is clearly remaining an unknown, if we do get that uptick and if we do assume the 25% CapEx environment, then the revenues in the December quarter will actually be higher than the revenues in the September quarter, even though the shipments in September are very low. And so I think that what you can expect from a margin standpoint is that we certainly would be absorbing significantly better relative to factory period expense. We certainly would expect somewhat of a better mix environment, although as Martin said, it's really hard to predict what's going to happen in the December quarter because there's so many moving pieces right now. But the reality is, is that we have every expectation that if spending is down 25%, shipments will be up sharply in December, revenues will be up for Lam in December, and so will our profitability. But I don't want to get specific because there's just too many unknowns right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Deahna from JPMorgan. Please pose your question.
Jay Deahna - JPMorgan: Thanks very much. Martin, can you give us the line item breakdown of the restructuring and the tax issues, so that we can accurately pull those out of the income statement?
Martin Anstice: Yes, I will do that. We have got, and there should be a reconciliation table on the website Jay, so if I don't get it perfectly it probably is worth a quick look at that as well. We have got restructuring and asset impairments in cost of goods sold and in operating expenses. The cost of goods sold item which obviously impacts gross margin in GAAP terms is 12.6 million and the operating expense restructuring impairment is 6.4. We have some residue and some new costs associated with the stock option on the new cost is the tender offer and any tax penalties that go with that reality until we have complete resolution with the IRS, so that's combined $3.7 million and the tax benefit on all of those things is $6 million. In addition to that, so that's kind of the headline in terms of the restructuring asset impairments. In addition to that, there's a one-time $12 million benefit associated with an international tax settlement. So combined, you end up driving to an ongoing operating income as a percentage of revenues of just a little more than 15%.
Jay Deahna - JPMorgan: Okay. And then Steve, quick fundamental follow-up here. Now that you have had a few quarters to kind of get to know SEZ, digest it, etcetera. What you got, how does that compare to what you think you were getting when you decided to buy the company? And can you give me a little more detail on where you stand in terms of product tightening, the combined modules and platform?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think that in terms of buying what we thought we were buying, I think it was largely what we expected, although certainly what we weren't expecting was that the magnitude of decline in spending would be as sharp as it is. And given that a lot of SEZs prior revenues were from logic and foundry in the back-end and clearly the rate of investment in logic and foundry in '08 is below what was expected and SEZ had pretty good share in memory as well. So what we're very pleased about is that the product capability and the technology solution capability on what's called the Da Vinci prime is very strong. We're beginning to shift that product in increasing numbers each quarter. The customers' recognition of needs at the 5X and 4X node is really something that's starting to change very rapidly. And what they recognizes is that some of those needs are going to be best served by our C3 linear cleaner because of its short contact exposure time and its developing a very high particle removal efficiency and damage free capability and then in more of the let's say critical but slightly less critical areas that are more of a high productivity play than the DV prime is really getting a lot of traction along with our plasma [BEFL] product. So in terms of answering the last part of your question, we think that we're going to be able to take some of our drying technology, some of our particle removal and damage free capability and integrate some of those technologies into the SEZ platform and the SEZ product mix for the DV prime. But we're in the middle of really looking at all the engineering issues associated with that. I think what the customers recognizes given the diversity of applications and the difficulty of some of the technical solutions that are needed, that it's very likely that you're going to need different types of technologies on different types of platforms and one of the things that they're very happy about is that, Lam is a single source provider, in the sense that they can work through all of these activities using different technologies and different platforms, but they can do them with one supplier and they're very happy about that. So we're very encouraged about the opportunity going forward, but it's clearly going to be a number of quarters of penetration and volume ramping. But we're happy with what we got and in particular we're very happy with the people, with the engineering and technology capability, with the enthusiasm of the SEZ people and they're integrating with our people very well and I suspect it's going to be a great team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi guys. Steve if I look at the difference between your shipments and your revenue, you've never. And, I mean I'm going back like three years. You've never had two quarters where you have such a big gap between revenue and shipments. If I take the June quarter and take the guidance, for Q3, so yet you're kind of talking about Q4 saying that, shipments could be up in Q4. It would seem to me like there's more downside risk given the gap that you have seen in both June and September that, there's more downside risk to revenue in December. Is there some reason why, something that's going to be different in the December quarter that's going to allow you to turn business a lot faster than what you could in either June or September.
Steve Newberry: Well, if you look at the shipments in June while they were down our revenue, you know, continued to be very good because we're able to draw from our deferred revenue, which is both our deferred revenue and our Japan situation, and I think that we're going to end up in a situation where if we look at what's going on in September, we're clearly going to take that very low shipment environment, but we're going to turn a lot of those shipments to revenue and we're going to pull from deferred again. Now, clearly if the shipment environment in December were to let's say go flat and if it goes flat then we're talking about really having wafer fab equipment spending for the year be 30%, maybe 30% plus. So if that were to occur then yeah, we would certainly see our revenues drop from the levels in September. But if we get the uptick and it's a significant uptick that's currently being forecasted, then because of our ability to turn 50% of that plus the residuals that came from the prior quarter, plus we still have some deferred, we would actually be able to increase our revenue at a rate that's well above the shipment levels of September. And so it's one of the benefits of a very fast cycle time is that when your customers respond and you can increase your factory output, you can turn up the revenue very quickly.
Martin Anstice: I just would like to add one point, Tim, to kind of [segue] from an earlier comment I made around mix and the customer service business group business. So, we have kind of articulated a couple messages for the last six months or so. One of them is, we said the customer service business group, part of the business is, in the range of 20 to 25 percentage points of our revenue at any point in time. In this call today I've articulated that, in spite of the fact that our business levels have come down, our customer service business group continues to increase. So we're kind of pushing the upper end or even beyond that boundary and that business does turn on the day it ships. So we don't have an acceptance space delay for the customer service business group and so as it takes an increasing proportion of our revenue stream, it is in fact distorting this relationship between revenues and shipment. And unfortunately in the timeframe, if you look at the last couple years you have to go back, all the way back to March 2006 to see anything close to the revenue level that we have guided. And I can absolutely assure you that the customer service business group revenue stream in that timeframe was significantly less than the level of business that we have today as a by product of the install base expansion that we have been talking about for the last couple years. So I mean unfortunately it's a modeling challenge and we're helping as much as we can. But it's obviously, it's rather difficult right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Ong from American Technology Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Bill Ong - American Technology Research: Yes. What's the revenue portion of the group in the June and December quarter.
Steve Newberry: In the June quarter, it was pretty much where we had anticipated, it was just less than 40 million. And consistent with my comment during the last call, we are not intending to segment our revenue stream ongoing. So we haven't been specific in our guidance today.
Bill Ong - American Technology Research: Okay. It's probably looking that general range in September, is that somewhat fair? I just want to get a sense of September, how much is core and how much is the SEZ?
Steve Newberry: I'm going to be really boring and say we have made a decision not to segment our stream of revenues for the SEZ business in September.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve O'Rourke from Deutsche Bank. Please pose your question.
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good afternoon. I hate to kind of beat a dead horse here but as far as Q4 goes, calendar Q4, can you help us understand what the composition of this potential upswing in shipments is in the December quarter? What are you seeing that kind of gives you confidence to internally forecast this potential shipments increase?
Steve Newberry: Well, I mean, I understand people's concerns, but if you kind of look at we have been coming down really now in memory since the September quarter of '07. And while it's been ratcheting down, the June quarter represented a pretty sharp drop and now the September quarter represents another even sharper drop. And everybody's kind of reporting the same thing. And the reality is that I think that if we look at where we think supply and demand is going with NAND flash and DRAM that we think that those things will start to get in balance sometime in the fourth quarter, and customers are going to need to take deliveries in the fourth quarter and get their output capability back online. And when you drop as low as the June quarter was in shipments and then you drop really low in shipments in the September quarter, it doesn't take a whole lot to kind of bounce back up and even if you were up 50%, 60%, 70% below the bottom from a system shipment perspective, even still have a December quarter that's well below what the March quarter was. And so I think that the basis for the forecast is really two things. One, kind of what we think is going on in the macro environment, and most importantly, it's based on what the customers are telling us, they believe that they need to do, the timing of when they need to do it, and also the basis of their assumptions relative to what they think is going on in the market. And so clearly if the demand environment falls off, then I think we have the issue where we will see December shipments decline from what is currently being looked at right now. And I think that's why anybody you talk to will tell you that December's looking like it should be much better than September, but, I mean, there is too much change going on right now and so we're positioning ourselves that if we have to output those shipments, we can do it, we can convert it to revenue and we will have improving profitability. If the environment bumps along at the bottom for another quarter or so, then we will continue with our cost reduction activities and we will continue with keeping the company positioned for the future, but insuring that we deliver profitable performance and cash generation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edwin Mok. Please pose your question.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Hi. Just about last question. So can I ask if your outlook for the December quarter given that you believe you might have high shipment in December quarter. Is there any part of that driven by foundries that come back to place order there? And just housekeeping, do you expect to have any restructuring charge next quarter?
Steve Newberry: Martin will answer the question related to restructuring charges. But if I look at the makeup of what the current customer mind set is for deliveries in the December quarter, it's up in memory, it's up in foundry, it's up in logic and that's not really saying a whole lot, because when you have the kind of forecast for shipments in the September quarter that I think represents what's bottom in the shipment demand. You would expect that each of these segments would move forward in a more positive direction, but certainly foundry is looking like it will be higher in the December quarter than in September.
Martin Anstice: So to the restructuring question, unfortunately I can't be quite so specific in my response. But let me kind of reinforce a couple things that we said in the analyst meeting. First of all, there is kind of a second leg to our cost reduction and breakeven point lowering in the Clean Product Group associated with kind of backoffice integration, legal entity, warehouse, etcetera. And the business message on that is we are very focused on delivering to those plans as fast as is practically possible. And I would say at this point in time, it's not clear to me whether that will be precisely in the September quarter or precisely in the December quarter. I would be surprised if it ran into the March quarter where we're focused on this calendar year in terms of execution. It is possible with costs associated with those actions won't warrant a specific restructuring plan. It is also possible that they may. And so, unfortunately I can't specifically respond, but hopefully you have a sense that we're tentative to driving the right set of economics in the company as fast as possible. And obviously if that means we have an opportunity to take steps to improve performance. Sooner rather than later we wil and the money we spend to realize those benefits is obviously assessed in terms of a pay-back point of view. Pretty much the same away as the actions we have just completed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead with your question.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot. Steve, just looking at the current memory environment and given the problems of many of your customers, particularly in terms of financing, are you doing anything in terms of payment schedules to help these customers and does that potentially affect some of the shipment and revenue recognition that you're talking about over the next few quarters.
Steve Newberry: Thats kind of two answers to the question. One of them is pure simple collections and payment cycles and as you might expect, there is a fair amount of pressure on us andi am sure every equipment company to try and assist and accommodate the types of possible challenges of many of our customers and in some cases real economic challenges of customers, but I would say, we can't let into the air, we made choices in terms of how we were going to allocate the capacity of this company to be part of that process and in fact quite honestly it's gone better than I anticipated. So the actual extension of terms hasn't been as great as we had originally kind of anticipated at the beginning of the year and the quality of receivable that we have is very high. We have probably about as good as we have ever had in terms of on-time payment of performance. So in general, a fairly kind of positive message, but something to be attentive to, relative to the impacts on shipments half of that will non- relative to the impact in terms of revenue recognition. There is a potential, but to-date we have actually not elected to defer any material revenues as a by-product of collections concerns. So that's I guess a basic no to your question. And perhaps other than the obvious that if the customer doesn't have any money at all they're not going to be buying stuff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Hodess from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. I'm wondering since the customers are indicating the sharp uptick as you mentioned in the fourth quarter and that means that capacity will be coming online in the first quarter, which is usually a seasonally weak quarter, if you think the customer needs here are basically, a quick upgrade in technology that could drop off again or do you think it's sustainable as you move into the first part of the year?
Martin Anstice: Well, I mean, that's a good question Brett. And the reality is that with the steep reductions in shipments in June and September, I think that some of the customers are expecting that demand environment going forward is going to be okay. And that there's probably going to be a shortage situation that may come about in the fourth quarter and they're going to need to add capacity in the first quarter and then expectations of a reasonable demand environment in DRAM, but a accelerating demand growth environment in NAND Flash as additional applications come online for smart phones and a second half of '09 ramp for SSD in PC's. There are some new fabs that are working with new partnerships, specifically the Micron, [NAND], you have JV that is going to be a [switch-in] technology. And so there's some longer lead-time of all activities that can contribute to this environment as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Keith Todd from Morgan Stanley], please go ahead with your question.
Keith Todd - Morgan Stanley : Hi, thanks for taking my question. Could you remind me what percentage of the single wafer clean market is memory and what's non-memory and what's your market share in each of these segments. 
Steve Newberry: We're not, we're not breaking down the clean market share in each of these segments right now. What we're focused on is certainly that there's a lot of activity at the 5X and 4X, which is very much both DRAM and NAND Flash oriented. And to some degree in logic as logic begins to do some of the early pilot runs at the 45 nanometer node. We want to kind of let the next six months or so, all of 2008 kind of sort itself out in terms of where's the activity going? Because we understand it as it relates to the back end of the line cleans, but the front end of the line is a really dynamic and moving environment in terms of a lot of evaluation, but not necessarily clarity as to who's going to buy what single wafer cleaners, for what applications, for what volume production. So we will be h happy to kind of take a look and share with you our thoughts about the clean market by segment but we are going to that more towards the end of 2008.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Shankar from Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Krish Shankar - Banc of America Securities: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick question. Martin if I look at your SEZ, probably your gross margin and these margins are running in like the single digits. Let's say post-restructuring for Lam as a whole, what are gross margin and operating margin look like, let's say at $600 million revenue run rate? And also can you tell me what percentage of shipments will be from memory in September?
Steve Newberry: This is Steve. I'm going to talk about the generalities of the SEZ margins and the core Lam margins. So the core margins for Lam in the June quarter were in the 19% range, and the core margins for September even in the midst of this very significant down environment will be around 11% or so. And the reason that I bring this up is that what we have always talked about in the company was in the core Lam business that we would be able to handle a peak to trough revenue decline of 40% and keep the operating income performance of the company above 10%. And we are clearly doing that, although it's certainly difficult to see, but that is the case. The margins for SEZ at this point right now given the low volume and the high absorption cost not only in the factory, but in the OpEx structure are in the mid-20s and certainly as we get some improvement in that volume, I would expect them to move very rapidly into the mid-30s. And then certainly as we begin to grow and leverage the business more effectively, our target is to get those margins into the 42.5% to 45% range and we will have to see how well we're able to do that by leveraging the volume, reducing the cost structure, but also being able to price the value relative to the competitiveness of the products. And so that will play itself out over the next 18 months or so. But I did want to speak to the performance of the non-SEZ core Lam because I think that it's very strong and it's right on our models.
Carol Raeburn:  We have time for two more questions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Chin from UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Thank you. Just a follow up to that in terms of managing the company in case the shipments stay at these depressed levels, do you think this 7.5% operating margin guidance that you gave for the September quarter, you can [now describe] operating margin for the company. And just a follow-up for Martin, is the Clean division still targeted to have a revenue breakeven level of 85 million to 95 million. Is that [company] concept still the target? Thanks.
Steve Newberry: Relative to the 7.5% be in the trough, I hope so. I mean, certainly if we get the shipments uptick in the December quarter, and we get the revenue that flows with it, as I talked about, it will be. But the reality is that I don't really know what's going to happen. And so if you play out the 25% wafer fab equipment down scenario, then it will be. If it's 30% then we will have to see how the mix plays out, we will have to see how our cost reduction activities would play out. But certainly we're going to stay very focused on continuing to deliver profitability, continue to generate cash and we will take whatever appropriate cost reduction activities there are to make sure that the company remains profitable even if the environment continues to be very negative for the next quarter or two.
Martin Anstice: This is the second part of your question to be more specific. Relative to the breakeven point, when we were in the Analyst Meeting SEMICON West, I said we are as a byproduct to the actions we have just reported, we are positioning the Clean Product Group to have a breakeven of around $85 million to $95 million in quarterly revenue. Now the Clean Product Group is the collection of three businesses for us. It's the former SEZ business, which is a spin base business, it's the bevel plasma business we have from our Coronus product and its also our linear C3 product. So one of the messages that I hope everybody has recognition of is that the 85 to 95 isn't an SEZ breakeven point, it's a breakeven point for a collection of three businesses and that's quite a significant difference. As I also attempted to articulate in the Analyst Meeting, I'll reconfirm today we have already identified a kind of second level of cost reductions that are currently in plan and that should kind of further lower that breakeven point in the range of $5 million to $10 million. So our business plan here and our objective clearly is not to have a business with revenues and a loss, and so everything we're doing is intended to position the company to have a profitable a return as fast as possible from the collection of clean businesses that we have in the company today.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Lehman Brothers. Please pose your question.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, I was hoping to get a little more granularity and not try to kind of harp on 4Q shipments, but could you talk a little about, I guess mix- wise for 4Q that you see shaping up now relative to what mix looked like in June. And then if you can maybe provide some color around geography or whether it's Tier-1 or Tier-2 DRAM, NAND? That would be helpful. And then the second part of question, maybe the last one here. Can you give us a growth outlook for service and spares for calendar 08 and also an early look into calendar 09? Thank you.
Steve Newberry: So I understand your desire CJ from the standpoint of more granularity, but the reality is, I don't think it's an exercise that's really worth pursuing. Because I can tell you that every week there's literally 25 to 50 million in customer orders that come in or customer requests for shipments that come in and 20, 30, 40, 50 million that go out. And today I could give you a mix of what we're looking at relative to memory and I'll guarantee you that in two weeks it will be different. What I think that you should think about is if we're going to have a strong uptick in the December quarter, it will clearly need to be largely driven by memory investments and that would be both NAND Flash and DRAM. It will likely include an uptick in general purpose logic, advanced logic and foundry. And, I think, that it's going to require that the Taiwanese who have certainly suffered significant losses believe that a return to profitability relative to DRAM pricing is there. But, we will all just have to watch this play itself out. Because, I think everybody's well aware of what the planned investments are and the reality is that they may or may not manifest itself. Relative to our customer service business, it's going to grow about 12% to 13% in calendar year 08 versus 07. And we would expect that even though, we continue to have a decline in the amount of investment in waiver fab equipment purchases in 08, the install basis still growing. And as the install base grows, if the IC unit demand continues to grow, which we forecast will be the case in 09, then wafer starts are going to grow. So if waiver starts grow then the customer service business will grow as a function of that.  And so we would expect that it's probably  we're going to be looking at probably about a 10% growth in the customer service business for calendar year 09 over 08.
Martin Anstice: And almost through the 08 commentary that Steve just gave, relative to wafer, he excludes the impact of the SEZ acquisition. So it's an apples and apples comparison.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing comments.
Carol Raeburn: I would like to thank you for joining us today. Please be advised that the webcast of today's will be available on our website later this afternoon. Please join us for our next quarterly financial update scheduled for Wednesday, October 22nd, 2008. Thank you for your interest in Lam Research and for participating in today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation June, 2008 quarterly financial result. We thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Newberry - President and CEO Martin Anstice - CFO Carol Raeburn - Senior Director Investor Relations
Analysts: Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse. Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co Bill Ong - American Technology Research Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank Jay Deahna - JP Morgan C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers Edwin Mok - Needham and Company Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch Stephen Chin - UBS
Operator: Welcome to March 2008 quarterly financial results conference. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today April 23, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Carol Raeburn, Senior Director Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the quarter ended March 30, 2008, and share our business outlook for the June 2008 quarter. A press release detailing our financial results for the March 2008 quarter was distributed by BusinessWire at approximately 2:00 O' clock this afternoon and is available on our Web site at www.LamResearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements, including those related to revenue, shipment, margin and yearly forecasts, customer demand and industry conditions, as well as statements that express the company's expectations, beliefs, plans, and forecasts. There are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause results to differ can be found on our annual report form 10-K for the year ended June 24, 2007 and as filed with the SEC. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 p.m. and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin for a review of the March quarter results.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Carol. This afternoon, we have a lot to discuss as we are giving more comprehensive financial disclosure of the company. It's been a difficult time for all of us working with only limited, preliminary statements. I would like to thank you all for your patience. As we review the financial statements today, we have a significant number of unusual items including the completion of the voluntary stock options review and the SEZ group acquisition. We have presented what we consider the key headlines in our earnings release; I will supplement that with additional comment shortly. Before we begin, I wanted to communicate our intensions related to financial statement disclosure for the SEZ business. We are planning to aggregate the SEZ group now known as the Spin Clean Division into the existing Lam financial and accordingly we will not be routinely separating out their numbers. Our presentation of the March 2008 quarter includes full consolidation of the SEZ group, although they reflect that they were slightly less than 2% minority interest. Because we provided guidance for the March quarter without this Spin Clean Division and the actual results we reported today have consolidated is performance since March 11, 2008 and include certain one-time and non-ongoing items, we will be more extensive in our commentary today. Highlights of reported ongoing earnings for the March 2008 quarter include, revenues slightly above our mid-range guidance at $614 million or $612 million excluding Spin Clean Division. Consolidated ongoing gross margin of 47.8% of revenues marginally stronger than expected but down sequentially due to challenging customer and product mix or 47.9% excluding the Spin Clean Division. Consolidated ongoing operating income performance of 23.6% of revenues or 24.5% excluding the Spin Clean Division. Gross cash and short term investments including restricted cash in excess of $1 billion. Shipments momentum in the upcoming quarter was positive representing approximately 6% growth sequentially, a little stronger than our earlier expectations. Consistent with prior quarters our applications and segment shipments disclosure is limited to the Etch business, accordingly 300 millimeter applications represented approximately 93% of the total shipment, and applications at less than or equal to the 90 nanometer technology node represented 92%. Memory segment customers in the quarter represented about 76% of total, with the NAND components accounting for approximately 51% of total memory. Logic/other was 8% and foundry was 16% of the total. As just noted, revenue was slightly stronger than the mid-points of our guidance range, facilitated in part by strong same quarter shipments to revenue churns in Etch system of more than 50%. Our customers are working with us to qualify and utilize our equipment as fast as ever. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of shipments and revenues, please see today's press release and website for a reconciliation of shipments, revenues, deferred revenues and cash. Generally consistent with our guidance our March quarter gross margin of 47.8%, decreased 2.6% sequentially as a result of unfavorable customer mix. As discussed in January the concentration around the large memory customers was significant.  Product mix also placed pressure on our gross margins, notably in the Etch business. This was the first quarter that our 4X Series products represented the majority of our system revenue.  These products are the foundation of our recent market share expansion. They provide the basis for our expectations going forward and so we are really pleased with the revenue momentum. As we have articulated in the most recent couple of quarters, we have continued to invest in building customer trust by supporting where appropriate, the current economic needs of our customers. Our reported profitability level reflects those pricing decisions and also the relative immaturity of the same products as far as we've implemented the targeted cost reduction. Ongoing operating expenses for the company were $148.9 million in the March quarter, which includes $5.6 million incurred by the Spin Clean Division. In view of that the pre-acquisition operating expense levels is exactly as we projected. As you will remember, one of the primary drivers for a sequential operating expense increase in the March quarter is the seasonal impact of high payroll packages. It is also the quarter where LAM processes its annual merit pay increases. Normally, we would have approved the annual all employee equity grant in the quarter. Also, the date of the stock options review; that was postponed and is now planned for the June 2008 quarter. Ongoing operating income was a healthy 23.6% of revenues or 24.5% on a pre-acquisition basis. Again in line with the guidance we provided in January. Before moving to the balance sheet, our non-ongoing P&L items are as follows; as reported in our recently filled financial statements, the company accrued 50.2 million of future cash confrontation charges associated with anticipated employee Internal Revenue Code 409A tax liabilities on certain gains from so called misdated stock options. This expense is the result of determination by the company in completing its independent stock option review. As shown on the pages of the P&L, $6.4 million of these compensation charges is classified in cost of goods sold, the remainder in operating expense. We incurred an additional $6 million in expense associated with the stock option review in the March quarter bringing the total cost in professional fees and other costs to $16 million. The costs are reported as general and administrative. Currently we only anticipate nominal costs going forward. We incurred a one-time $2.1 million charge related to the write-off of in-process R&D following our acquisition of the SEZ group. This reflects the present value estimates of prior R&D investments made with no standalone expectation of future revenue and is reported in operating expenses. Included in other income we realized a non-operating gain of $49 million, related to our currency hedging and Swiss franc strengthening associated with the purchase price of the SEZ group. Finally the income tax effect related to the aggregates non-ongoing items is a benefit of $2.9 million. The financial consolidation of the SEZ group into LAM Research in essence involves two significant process steps. First, the conversion from international accounting standards to US GAAP, including alignment with Liams corporate accounting policy and secondly, the completion of the purchase price accounting to determine the fair value of existing tangible and intangible assets, the new fair value assigned to separately identifiable intangible assets as a result of our acquisition, and finally the consequential goodwill. Both of these processes and their effects are ongoing. The transition from international standard for US GAAP per se was largely insignificant. Although only a short time has passed since the acquisition; our integration activities are becoming more meaningful. Since the deal closed we've implemented actions promoting a single phase for the customer by integrating a third organization into our existing global account structure. In addition, we have developed a roadmap for business process streamlining, including in the area of customer terms and conditions. In that regards specifically, it became clear in recent weeks that it is appropriate to standardize the Spin Clean Division business under our preexisting revenue on acceptance model, because you had GAAP purchase price accounting rules precluding us from creating and opening balance sheet position for revenues, previously reported on the shipment base revenue model of the SEZ group this decision to adopt an acceptance model has the effect of deferring revenues and cost of sales for an estimated one to three months period from the date of shipments to the process acceptance timeline. During this initial period of deferring more than as recognized, we continue to record all operating expense as a period expense consistent with US GAAP. As a result of this accounting policy change and the very limited 19-day windows since we closed the acquisition the Spin Clean Division shows an operating loss that in our view significantly exaggerate negatively the economic reality of the Spin Clean Division in the quarter. We would expect this condition to repeat in the June quarter and largely be normalized by the September quarter as customer acceptances are anticipated to catch up, so to speak with the level of shipments. Finally, the allocations of purchase price and equity consideration transaction costs and assumed liability are preliminary. But the March quarter ending balance sheet allocation includes $65 million of intangible assets and $204 million of goodwill. Our total consolidated growth cash balance including restricted cash is slightly more than $1 billion at the end of March. This represents an approximate $100 million increase in our gross cash balance after the net tax used to purchase the SEZ group and as planned we reposition our $250 offshore debt to the US. The consolidated deferred revenue balance was $270 million including $29 million for the Spin Clean Division at the end of March. In addition there was approximately $43 million of anticipated future revenue value of our previously made shipments to Japanese customers. In the quarter there was no stock repurchase activity by the company and as a reminder we currently have no Board authorized repurchase program insight. Consolidated capital expenditures were $19 million, depreciation and amortization was $13 million. As a result of the voluntary stock option review, LAM suspended its employee equity plans and so we received no cash from the exercise of those plans during the March quarter. Headcounts were more or less constant and slightly more than 3000 employees at the end of March for LAM. The company added approximately 900 employees with the acquisition of the SEZ group. Now, I'd like to provide a few words on the tax rate. Our US GAAP income tax rate for the March 2008 quarter was 23.8%, in large part this reduction from the level of 28.1% in the two quarters ended December 2007, is attributed to the tax reduction for the previously announced 409, A related employee compensation liability. As Steve will capture in our guidance for the June quarter, the company assumes a 28% tax rate for the 2008 fiscal year, which requires us to assume a 34% rate for the June 2008 quarter. Most of the rates volatility quarter-to-quarter is a function of the timing of the non-ongoing items. Most of the fiscal year rate differentials to our previously announced target of 25% long-term effective tax rate is a consequence of this fiscal year being the most disadvantage tax holiday year in our last five. Further, the absence of the RD tax credit beyond December 2007 is a loss of one percentage points in the fiscal year. In fiscal year 2009, and therefore the second half of calendar 2008, we would anticipate the rates fall on or below the 25% level again, due to the redemption of improved tax holiday benefits, which apply through fiscal 2013. Excluding the Spin Clean Division, operating assets performance remain strong. Accounts receivables collection performance had a DSO of 71 days. Inventory performance was 5.4 turns. As a status comment on the SEZ group acquisition, we have at this point reached the 98% ownership threshold to qualify us for the more simplified administrative process to acquire the remaining shares of SEZ that we do not currently own. We are targeting to realize our goal of 100% ownership within the calendar year. Finally, to recap the important headlines. We are pleased that through a period of significant adjustments in the industry we delivered ongoing operating performance that match or slightly exceeded our previously announced guidance in the March 2008 quarter.  We consolidated 19 days of SEZ Group performance into the financials and during large parts through our decision providing acceptance-based revenue recognition model, result was slightly diluted to earnings.  As previously highlighted, we have significant non-ongoing items this quarter including our voluntary stock options review $56 million pre-tax, and a gain related currency of $49 million as part of the SEZ acquisition. Our tax rate is generally in line with our expectations, although more volatile than normal mainly due to the non-ongoing items or discreet events.  And finally, our cash momentum is strong. We closed the quarter with $1 billion in gross cash balances. Now to Steve's comments. 
Stephen Newberry: Thank you Martin and good afternoon everyone. LAM produced a successful quarter in a challenging environment with our March shipments revenues, gross margins and operating income all meeting or exceeding our previously stated expectations.  In addition to these solid financial results, we completed our acquisition of the SEZ Group, a very important milestone in our strategy to expand in the market adjacent to etch. The independent committee of the Broad of Directors completed its review of our historical stock auction practices for accounting purposes in the quarter, and now our 10-K and 10-Qs for past period are now current. We look forward to resuming our normal levels of disclosure transparency. Since our last conference call when we shared our outlook, the macro environment has deteriorated significantly. We enjoyed a strong shipment environment in the March quarter, but increasing uncertainty in the consumer electronics environment had negative implications for previously planned capacity additions by semi manufactures over the next few quarters.  Our previous commentary around wafer fib equipment spending hasnt focused on the supply, demand, and balances in memory and the results of negative impacts to memory manufactures profitability. Increasingly, the economy must be factored into our view as well, and as a result of increased uncertainty around the demand side of the equation, we now believe that memory units, supply and demand and balances may take longer to resolve than we previously thought. We think the impact of these conditions will be felt through the next two quarters with supply and demand for memory likely reaching equilibrium sometime in the fourth quarter of 2008. The level and timing of any resumption in increased capacity additions for memory is a function of improved profitability, cash flows, and the impact of the contraction in the credit markets that could affect access to capital. Foundries for the most part continue to run at a very high utilization rates delaying as long as possible what looked to be required investments going forward for additional capacity. While foundries strive to improve profitability by keeping utilization rates high, foundry investment in leading edge technology continues, but at a slower adoption rate than previously expected. Foundries are shipping wafers at the 65 nanometer node, but the adoption rates are slower than the rates achieved for the 90 nanometer node. Additional factors impacting investments in added capacity are the short delivery and installation lead times available for equipment and the current strategy by foundries to add small amounts of incremental capacity, while waiting for demand signals from their customers. As a result of the collective factors of memory unit supply and demand and balances, and customer profitability issues, and the macro economic issues potentially impacting consumer spending. Our overall view of the semiconductor equipment industry is that CapEx for 2008 will now be down around 20% to 25% relative to the spending in 2007. 4X specifically, we believe the reduction in equipment spending maybe down 20% to the 27% on a shipment stand basis relative to 2007. Our analysis suggests that even a down 25% scenario requires a strong acceleration of shipments in the last three to four months of the year.  With the current view of customer spending for equipment, I'd like to discuss how LAM is managing through this challenging near term environment. Our longer term thesis for underlying IC unit demand growth and the related capital spending requirements remains unchanged. And our strategy to target that opportunity through continued market share growth in etch and expansion into adjacent markets remains the key focus in the company.  And, we have stated on several occasions in the past few months, we are committed to investing in the long-term profitable growth of the company throughout the cycle and we plan to maintain spending to meet our long-term strategic goals while still generating acceptable operating income performance.  Despite the near-term decline in wafer fib equipment spending, we continue to perform well in etch, winning and defending applications at the leading etch. We are encouraged by customer decisions and we believe to validate our expectations to gain an additional couple points of market share in the transition from 6X to 5X to 4X technology nodes.  Our analysis suggest that most of the 4X tool selections decisions have been made for NAND Flash and we expect that NAND production wise going forward will be for the 4X node throughout 2008 and the first half of 2009. DRAM is introduction on 7X and 6X technology and decisions for tool selections at 5X are ongoing throughout the year. Microprocessor is complete for 4X decisions and advanced logic foundry decisions for 4X are ongoing throughout the year. We further advanced our adjacent market strategy.  We completed the acquisition of the SEZ group on March 11 of this year. This acquisition is the key achievement for our company and we have turned immediately to the task of assuring a successful integration. First and foremost since the deal date, our addition discovery and strong collaboration have reinforced our belief in the value of our strategy in acquisition decision. A combination of the companies creates a broad set of highly competitive capabilities of the opportunity to leverage the leading installed base of single wafer clean and the established customer relationships of both companies into an accelerated penetration of the rapidly emerging transition in single-wafer clean, particularly in the front end of the line. Integration activities are well underway and are progressing to plan. We are accelerating the collaboration activities between the companies particularly in the areas of technology exchange and we have reorganized the field organization around our existing global customer accounts to achieve a strong single phase to the customer capability.  Comprehensive discussions with the top semi-companies are occurring and I'm expecting accelerating, joint development projects and activity for both the new Spin Clean Divisions, Ad Vinci Prime and Isanti product line as well as Lames C3 linear cleaner. In adjacent to our strategic commentary today, with the acquisition closed and integration well underway, we're aggressively focused on applying LAms strong operating discipline to the SEZ business. Opportunities for cost and operating asset improvements have been identified, as well as other synergies. We will provide addition commentary on this topic over the next several quarters. We remain committed to both spin and linear clean technologies and our near-term technology focus is to leverage the advanced process technology and integration knowledge existing LAMs etch and clean business with the engineering and productivity expertise existing in a Spin Clean Division to strengthen our overall differentiation across the product portfolio. We expect this to result in a powerful capability, which when able strong share gains in the total wafer clean market going forward. Turning to our guidance for the June quarter, this guidance reflects full integration of the new Spin Clean Division into the LAM research corporate P&L on a revenue on acceptance basis. We expect shipments to decrease to 490 million from 530 million down approximately 20 to 25% form the prior quarter. Revenues are expected to be in the range of $535 million to $565 million, down 7.5% to 12.5% from the prior quarter. Gross margins are forecast at 43% plus or minus one percentage point. Operating margin guidance is in the range of 12.5% plus or minus one percentage point. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.32 to $0.42 per share for the quarter. Wrapping up, the current customer spending environment creates challenges for us in the near term. However, our commitment to a long-term strategy for growing LAM at a significantly higher rate and the wafer fab equipment industry is still supported by a favorable IC units demand outlook over the next several years. Our strong balance sheet and profitability allows us to continue our investment in positioning products in multiple wafer fab equipment segments for the next generation of yield enabling solutions providing a strong spring board for the company's next leg of growth. Thank you for your attention and we'll now open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). First question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yes hello. Thanks for taking my question, Steve. Just because this is the first quarter that you are getting with impact of Spin Clean Division I was wondering if you can help us understand how much that is contributing your shipments revenue in the June quarter and what we should think about it for the rest of the year?
Steve Newberry : We will talk -- Martin will talk about that and we will try to help you through that but we realize its confusing.
Martin Anstice : So I'm going to start relative to the June quarter. As Steve mentioned if you take the mid point of that guidance range. So to recap Steve guided EPS $0.32 to $0.42. So take the $0.37, of the middle of that range. I think the underlying business of LAM, by underlying I mean without SEZ is in excess of $0.50 and to a meaningful extent as I had indicated the revenue recognition decision model, decision that we took, drives an SEZ EPS loss of in the range of $0.10 to $0.15. So when you think about $0.37 mid point you should be thinking $0.50 or so underlying for the existing LAM business and then to a meaningfully sense impacted by the revenue acceptance decision, the $0.10 to $0.15 negative for the SEZ business. That kind of attributes, as I said relative to acceptance is something that I expect to see much more normalized in September and so the only comment that I really kind a put on the table at this point in time is that if you look at that level of impact that you see, this is probably the worst of our outlook from a quarters perspective in terms of impact on a company from an EPS point of view. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: And Steve, looking at what you know from your memory customers at this point, shipments for memory was almost flattened the quarter. It didnt seem like there was a lot of adjustments from these customers to adjust for the oversupply. Looking at the forecast you have for memory, this was a core etch business, can you give us a sense of how much you think memory shipment can be down the calendar year year-over-year?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think that from a calendar year perspective, if we break it down into what we think the impact will be for DRAM I think we can expect that DRAM will be down 45%, maybe even 50% on a shipment basis. I think that NAND flash will be up 10%. So, when you look at memory as a whole, kind of comes out about down 30% for the year, and we'll see that offset by some level of maybe slight increase in foundry. I think, it all depends on one of the foundries really decide that they want to do in the second half of the year, but overall with memory down about 30 something percent that will take the total down about 20% for the year. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Steve, if I do a quick math on that, it appears that perhaps September you could actually see a sequential decline in shipments and revenue, would you kind of comment on that?
Steve Newberry: Now, I mean, the comment I would have is that with the volatility that's going on right now, it's hard enough to really add a tremendous amount of confidence that what's in the shipment guidance for the quarter will actually be what it is and interestingly, it's not all negative momentum.  In any given quarter there is a number of customers that are well publicized to push out to the number of customers that pulled in. I mean, we certainly saw that in March. When we look at the makeup for June, we've got a number of customers that pushed out. We had a number of customers that came back in. And, so when you think about September, in my view September is likely to be in the vicinity of June, and I think that were clearly dropping down to a level of shipments that for us is down 20% to 25%.  My expectation would be that I would expect that we'll kind of bump along at that level for another quarter or so. Potentially if you want to think about that instead of being down 20% that the industry is down 25, 25 to 30, if you kind of bumped along at the bottom at a similar level between the June quarter, the September quarter, the December quarter, that's kind of how you get into a down 25% to 30% scenario. And, I honestly couldn't tell you right now because I think that with this industry being so much more consumer dependant and certainly the macroeconomic signs relative to consumer confidence, and what the consumer is going to do, given that the prices of oil are driving gasoline up to significant level. While this is maybe mostly dominated by the issues in the United States, we all know the effect of the US consumer on worldwide GDP in consumer electronics can be significant. So, I think that we just going to have to wait to see how this place itself out.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Co. Please go ahead.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just another further question here on SEZ, can you explain whether or not there is any significant differences to SEZ's end market exposure relative to Lam Core Etch business?
Steve Newberry: What do you mean by that?
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co: Just in terms of DRAM, NAND, Logic and foundry breakdown, is there any significant sort of Delta and any one of those percentages that you reported in the March quarter for SEZ?
Steve Newberry: I haven't really studied the specifics of their breakdown. We do know that they tend to be strong. They have a very good position in foundry, but what we are really focused on is capturing lot of the opportunities that are going to be decided over the next 9 to 18 months, particularly the front end in the line and that is going to the opportunities that are in both NAND, Flash, DRAM, foundry, advanced logic etc cetera, but I do think that probably they have a little stronger percentage of their business that's foundry related today.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. If I could think of one more question, just you kind of keep my interest your CV talked about, potentially an uptick in shipments in the September quarter on the premise that the etch total market in terms of shipments was down 22% to 27% year-over-year. Is that what you said?
Steven Newberry: What I said was that even if you look at a 25% down scenario, that if you are going to require a strong uptick in shipments in the last three or months of the year. And so, I didnt say anything specific about the September, but I've been understanding where your question is coming from. But what I want people to understand is that, shipments are coming down pretty sharply I think. You are getting that kind of indication from all the companies in the industry.  And I think that even if we end up the year, whether we are down 20% or 25%, that includes a need for there to be a strong uptick in shipments sometimes in the last three or four months, and if we dont get good demand coming through the product stream from consumer then we all run the risk that instead of just being 20% down, it's going to closer to 25%, and if things really dont go well, I mean thats how you can get to a 25% or even 30% down scenario. So, I realize that its a pretty large gap between 20% down and 30%, but the reality is that there's that level of uncertainty in the marketplace today.
Martin Anstice: And I think just to add to that, I think there's an important segue from the commentary around the last three to months of this year in terms of shipments, because as I think everybody understands with an acceptance modeling revenue, if that does take place the potential that will impact the revenue stream of the company is something that is kind of prolonged and you got to kind of model, if that does take place three months or so delay from that curve happening in shipment to the same curve happening in revenue. So, thats important thing from a modeling point of view.
Operator: Thank you. My next question is from the line of Bill Ong with American Technology Research. Go ahead.
Bill Ong - American Technology Research: Yes I've got a foreign currency question. So the SEZ Group, it was obviously sold in Euro dollars, any plans for changing it to US dollars? And also my question is really about what's your foreign currency mix impacting revenue and cost. And then I assume what's the manufacturing for SEZ would stay in Europe and then how would R&D kind of be spread up between the two countries. 
Martin Anstice: That's one very big question. 
Bill Ong - American Technology Research: Why?
Martin Anstice: As I think the headline on foreign currency from the best hedging strategy in the world which is you have cost and revenue that match up and that's the best way to manage currency exposure. The addition of SEZ to the company has given us more of a challenge, but I would still say the currency exposure to the company to be a natural hedging it's pretty good actually.  Obviously today's news with the Euro at an all time high, it's something that we are going to have to pay a lot of attention to how big and unhedged the closures are the Euro and the Taiwan dollar, and we will be spending a [bunch] of time in the next couple of months getting our arms around that. Relative to the question on manufacturing for SEZ there are currently no plans to change the manufacturing locations for the SEZ business there. So your assumption there is correct, and I think that was the core of your question and if I missed anything then somehow we'll get in a follow up ahead. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi a quick [question]. I guess first of all Martin are there any charges in the guidance, and second of all would it be fair to say that the shipments if you are going to strip out these shipments for the core business in June or kind of in a 460 to 470 range?
Martin Anstice: No special charges in guidance. 
Steven Newberry: Relative to shipment, the shipment profile for SEZ is not as strong as what you've said. So for a Lam-only business it's higher than that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks very much guys for taking my question. Steve question for you, our models agree with what you said about the supply-demand balance in the commodities and memory in the fourth quarter. Based on your experience, how many quarters do you think the customers would need to see an up tick in profitability before they would start to order again? Would it be, right away would it be one quarter, two quarters, what has history told us about that?
Steve Newberry: Well, history at least from my perspective has told us is that, the first thing customers do when they get into this kind of environment is they try to anticipate and create a soft landing. And I think what we have seen is that, the amount of spending in DRAM has been declining consistently quarter-over-quarter, and the effort to try to create a soft landing around the middle of 2008 has clearly not been successful, and so now I think what you see is a realization that the rate of capacity additions for DRAM is going to have to come down more and that's largely what we see.  And I think that what happens is that, you get into a situation where the market will respond ultimately due to the fact that as supply is coming down and demand is rising, that you'll get a cross-over point and I think that what you end up having is, probably about -- and my guess would be about a three month effect before they see it, they know it's there. And I think what happens in this environment now is, they stop anticipating and they wait for the supply and demand to occur.  In the past it would take six months it would take six months, even nine months to respond to that. With the lead time and the installation cycle time and a speedy yield in terms of what the collective supply chain can do, I think once the real supply and demand gets balanced, you'll SEZ the adjusted too and respond to it in about three to four months timeframe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Thank you good afternoon. Steve just a follow on to that last answer, that should we you suppose that we start to see shipments coming back in the first half of '09, Q1 of '09 maybe?
Steve Newberry: Well I think that -- I mean one of the question becomes, when do the semiconductor guys start to see the signs and signals that with pricing that already on one gig is firmed up that then starts to climb up. And I think that once it starts to climb up, that everybody in the industry is well aware that the rate of shipments has come down pretty dramatically and is schedule to come down pretty dramatically in this quarter. So I think that, that's where you get this last three or four months of the year. You're going to see if the scenario plays up, even likely see shipments improve. If the demand environment is softer and the pricing environment doesn't improve, then you wouldn't see the shipment environment improve till and after the first -- the start of 2009.
Operator: Our next question is from line of Jay Deahna with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jay Deahna - JP Morgan: Thanks very much. Steve or Martin assuming SEZ normalizes in the September quarter. Do you expect that to normalize at a profitable level, that's number one. And number two Steve can you characterize the differences between the SEZ cleaning products and the internally developed LAM cleaning products. Is it biased more towards transistor level one versus interconnect and can those kind synergize overtime? And then lastly you reiterated in your press release your concept of $4 billion for LAM in 2010. Can you give us a little more detail as to what has to happen to get there? Thank you
Steve Newberry: Well, Ill take the first part of that which deals with the expectations and the outlook for profitability for the SEZ business. I think the essence of answering that, it's still to say neutral to marginally accretive is an expectation when you kind of back out the effect of the acceptance model decision that we made. The one exception that is obviously the size of the business. If you back up sometime here and think that SEZ as a family company, it was perhaps a $275 million revenue company in 2007 at today's rates. It made a small amount of money at that time our expectations for wafer fab $30 billion or so. Expectations to wafer fab today are, let's say 26 - 25 something like that. So -- sorry 25, 24 and so with that change impacting their business; we transitioned from making the significant operating income levels that we have been reporting to some less they transition from making small amount of money to breakeven or slightly loosing money. So I think at today's expectation for wafer fab, we would expect slightly, slightly negative to our earnings but not as much in the second half of the year compared to the levels that I spoke about in the June quarter with the revenue acceptance decision.
Jay Deahna - JP Morgan:  Well thanks.
Martin Anstice: I think I would amplify on that, is that clearly for the industry as a whole if the shipments have come down. They don't have the same ability that Lam does to mitigate it with deferred revenues with which we came into the year. They don't have necessarily the new markets and the new products that we have, and they dont have a customer service business that has any similar degree or size, scale and scope all of which we use to mute the affects of having a revenue that is going to be probably 10 plus point less reduction than the market as a whole. The other thing is that we have an outsource model factory that even though our shipment output from peak to trough is within the 30% down arena and the total amount of impact to margin from what goes on with factory absorption is only two margin points, and clearly when their revenue drop or their shipments drop to that level, they don't have the same variability to deal with factory cost as we did. So, one other thing that we are going to work on obviously is that as we go forward is how we implement some of the operating efficiencies and processes that we run LAM with and how do we get those implemented as appropriate with SEZ. Relative to synergy, a kind of a simple answer if I could is that SEZ has historically being a company where it had had a market share leadership in the backend of the line claims, and most of that volume has a function of a number of levels associated with logic. Thats one of the reasons why the foundry in the logic segment is a bigger percentage of their business because of the number of levels requiring backend of the line clean in logic.  The opportunity in front end of the line is both in logic and in memory. And, while in some respect there are less layers, there are still many process steps that the transition level, transistor level that require critical clean applications. And, so relative to the harmony of the products, LAMs C3 linear cleaner was targeted at those applications where short contact time cleaning with robust chemicals would enable the ability to get a unique result in terms of profile control, line width control and very strong uniformity across the wafer.  SEZ with their front end of the line products, both the Da Vinci prime and the Esanti they address different parts of the high volume front end of the line cleaning applications and they do it with very high throughputs, very high levels of productivity. And one of the things that SEZ has been doing for the last year-to-year and a half is developing the Da Vinci prime, developing new Esanti, and one of the things that we have been very pleased with is as we increased our discovery and we're able to engage in comprehensive discussions with the customer that when we look at the competitive capability that's out there, these two product lines from SEZ really looked to be very well positioned to compete very effectively in some of the volume applications. And, our C3 linear product continues to, while it addresses a smaller segment of the market, gain acceptance at the customer interface. And kind of enclosing then there is one other additional element is that we have technology that we developed in the C3 Group that we believe is very transferable and beneficial to enhance the competitiveness of the SEZ product line and we will expect to do some of that technology transferring here over the next few quarters and end up with a very technically broad and comprehensive set of solutions for the customers. 
Martin Anstice: I just want to use your question Jay, if I may to just give a little bit more specificity. I said a few moments ago that the impact of SEZ performance on the EPS outlook for the June Quarter was in the, was up to the $0.15 number I gave. Based on the current outlook for the year which had a lot of moving parts not least the industry but also all of the assumptions that are still preliminary relative to the purchase accounting. My expectation is that those up to about a $0.40 impact negatively on the company for the full calendar year. Thats a $0.40 EPS impact negative SEZ. My best estimate is that some where in the range of two thirds of that simply relates to the revenue decision that we made. And so when you kind of back out the revenue decision kind of normalize it, your, a third of $0.40 dilutive which when you take into the context, the change in the industry in reduction in wafer fab kind of plays out and makes sense. We have got a lot to learn, there are lot to learn in the next kind of number of weeks and months relative to the synergy and cost reduction opportunities and we are certainly aggressively pursuing that. But thats the best I can articulate at this point. And we being deliberate about the guidance range, you will notice a little bit of wider range on the guidance for that very reason.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Yeah good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I was hoping to ask, I guess a couple of questions here. First of I wanted to get to that only slightly dilutive SEZ in September, does that presuppose revenue rate of getting to north of $55 million?
Martin Anstice: I didn't, I did you, I must say if you listen CJ, just prospect layer to the commentary, I just gave. I just gave some specifics relative to the full calendar year. Well I try to convey in my general response to Jay's question was that, I didnt see, I did not see the September and December quarters being as bad as the 15 or so that we articulated for the impacts on the June quarter. So, my neutral despite the diluted comment was really kind of more of a general kind of philosophical position. That was our kind of plan coming in. we have not made too many decisions that are fundamentally different from those decisions at the outset but the $0.40 number is my best estimate for impacts on the company's performance in calendar 08. Thats a $0.40 dilutive impact and about two thirds of that is revenue and of course some elements of revenue expansion as a components of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham and Company
Edwin Mok - Needham and Company: Hi, just following SEZ, is it fair to say that based on accounting change that you are only going to recognize recognized revenues in the June quarter, maybe like 20?
Steve Newberry: No there is, yes that a fair assumption. You should expect as a by product of getting profits in the June quarter that we turn many of the shipments that are currently deferred and I mentioned that deferred revenue level for the SEZ within the $29 million range. So, turning that would get us the 29, turning any of the shipments that happened in the June quarter would take it above that, not turning would be less, but thats the fact.
Steve Newberry: And one other thing that I think that, we are certainly operating with and it certainly a challenge for the people in SEZ is, when you are revenue on a shipment company, the focus around processes and procedures and activity in the installation arena tend to be different. Both, we and they do not know really what the speed at which the cycle time from shipment to acceptance can be accomplished, because they have never had to deal with it. And, while we are very good at that, we have got many years of learning behind us, and while we expect that, we are going to be able to bring a beneficial perspective to them and ultimately some of the elements of the conservatism that exist in trying to forecast what's going to happen are a function of, we're changing a fair amount of what they're going to have do operationally and we dont really yet know exactly, how thats going to play out.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Thank you, Steve. As it relates to your view on memory supply, demand fundamentals, I think you mentioned in the last call on DRAM that industry exited '07 was about 50,000 to 70,000 wafer starts per month of excess supply. Where are we now on that and then just a quick question for Martin on the June quarter guidance? Martin if you back out the impact from SEZ what are Lam core gross margins in June?
Steven Newberry: It will all work on the excess supply. You are right I mean, we've looked at and we felt like it was 60,000, 70,000 maybe even 80,000 wafer starts per month access. And we've just kind of we look that analysis again and update it, and I think I am a little bit surprise that it's really still fitting at about 70,000. And that's the delta between what we think is the real demand which is less than the actual selling that's going on because of the discounted price per bit is creating an additional elasticity of demand. And so part of getting this supply and demand back in sink is to get some of that extra demand out of the system which will occur as pricing rises.  And I think that when we look at the forecast that, we are still going to be in about a 70,000 wafer starts per month access demand through Q2, and then we see a move where that starts to narrow pretty aggressively as the capacity additions really slowdown and one other things that exists between DRAM and NAND is what you might call the Flex supply or there are some lines out there that can grow either way. We believe that the NAND seasonality affect is going to result in some DRAM demand or some DRAM supply coming out of DRAM and going into NAND and that will contribute to getting DRAM moving more aggressively in the right direction in the next four to five months at this thing [price] out.  So, a Flex demand or the Flex supply aspect of this thing is one of the tricky parts of really trying to understand what's happening to output. But I think that with the way shipments are dropping that we're going to see some real positive movements that we're going to be able to see the pricing environment reflect, and I think we should expect that that will be the case provided that the consumer demand plays out as forecasted and we all know how risky that is.
Martin Anstice: So Harlan to the second part of your question, you had a one-time deal answer here because normally I wouldn't kind of break this out. But I would expect the core Lam business to be a couple of margin points lower than what we recorded for the March quarter in June. And that couple of percentage points lower at the gross margin level reflects the fact that in essence we come off a $614 million revenue is something let's say if we put the midpoint at 550, if you just assume that the revenue of the SEZ business is plus or minus or different from what was deferred, which means you would be assuming a three month turn than the Lam revenue stream is in the kind of 515 range, consistent with that 550. So you've kind of come down a $100 million on an apples-to-apples basis in revenues and a couple of percentage points of gross margin reduction with the mix that we anticipate as well as the relative adjustment of efficiency in the factory is kind of the expectation that's embedded in my guidance.
Carol Raeburn: Operator, we have time to take two more questions.
Operator: Okay. Our next question will then come from the line of Brett Hodess with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear on your comments on SEZ earlier. So SEZ would expect to be down more than Lam this year because of the reason you said about service and product etcetera on revenues?
Martin Anstice: Yeah I mean I think that, that's likely to be the case. Having said that though, there is a wild card in the equation, is that, single wafer is going to grow in 2008 to some degree and the reason for that is that wet bench supply that's dominated the front end to the line is beginning to start a conversion process. I think that my best guess is that, that's not going to manifest itself in a lot of shipments, but there will be a number of shipments and that provides the opportunity that depending upon how the customers play that out that could offset favorably for the SEZ group the amount of shipment and revenue decline for the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead, sir. 
Stephen Chin - UBS: Thank you. Martin or Steve could you be able to give us an idea of the quarterly break-in revenue level that you're preparing the company for engaging (inaudible) CapEx trend. And as a related question to that, I think in the past Lam has said that even if standalone revenue that drop to $500 million a quarter Lam could still have normalized operating margin of I think about 20% or 22%. Should we think of that as still being the target when SEZ is fully financially integrated later this year?
Steven Newberry: One of the things that we said was that if the industry was going to be down 10 to 15, then we would expect that we would expect that we could be flat because we could offset that with deferred revenue. We can offset it with both in the service business, new products etcetera. And so now that things are dropping 20 to 25 then I would expect that on a LAM normalize basis that we would be down maybe 10 points less than that. And part of that impacted by the factor if the shipments come back late in the year, how quickly can we can actually turn those to revenue. So we are still on track with that. Now one of the things that I have talked about in public forums is that if we ended up in a situation where revenues declined 10% to 15%, I felt that the Lam normalize performance could remain about 20%. I said that if it grows greater than 20, which is part of the vicinity we are now that we would look to keep our profitability above 15% operating income and without breaking out all this specific I can tell you that the LAM performance with the revenues declining the way they are is north of that 15. It's somewhere between 15% and 20% exactly as we said. Now as we continue to incorporate SEZ. There is no question that taking a company that has operated to revenue on shipment and converting to revenue on acceptance, you create a hole in that three month period and then in the next quarter, you still have to kind a catch back up. So the reality is that if the shipments dropped which they have and you have this acceptance hole, it actually take you two quarters to kind of work through that. And, then once the shipments go up you won't really see that for a quarter a later. So, that will result in and that's kind of what you see going on where the combined impacts of that were an operating income guidance of 12.5%, and I think that my expectation is that we can continue to operate north of 10% even in some of the difficult environments that are being played out, because my expectation is that while we could certainly see the demand for equipment kind of bump along at the levels that things are coming down too for June.  I think that the way you get to down 25 to down 30 is not that it drops significantly lower. That is just extends another quarter or so and that is what ultimately drives the total amount of spending down. So, I think that we are reasonably closed to bottom levels of shipments, and therefore revenues. So, what you see is the arena profitability that I think we can operate to with those shipments and revenue levels.  So, I think that's the last question. I want to thank everybody for joining the call and we certainly look forward to talking with you Paul and all the investors on how we intend to go forward and just one final reiteration would be - the near term is tough, there is no question about it, but we're very excited about the opportunities for growth in the company. And, we are very excited about the SEZ acquisitions and we look forward to talking you more about that in the coming months. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the December quarter 2007 financial results conference call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded today, January 24, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Carol Raeburn: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's December 2007 quarterly conference call. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Today we will discuss limited financial results for the quarter ended December 23, 2007, and our business outlook for the March 2008 quarter. A press release detailing our financial results for the December 2007 quarter was distributed by BusinessWire at approximately 1:05 PM and is available on our website at www.Lamresearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements, including those related to revenue and shipment forecasts, customer demand and industry conditions, as well as statements that express the company's expectations, beliefs, plans, and forecasts. There are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause results to differ can be found on our report Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2006. This call is scheduled to last until 2:30 PM and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin for a review of the December quarter.
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Carol. This afternoon, we will provide a brief synopsis of full year performance, discuss our December 2007 quarter financial results and then present some perspective related to the auctions review and the intended acquisition of SEZ. Highlights of the 2007 calendar year. We increased the cash balance of the company before stock repurchase and debt repayments by approximately $710 million representing 27% of revenues, while at the same time funding our adjacent market growth strategy. Our shipped market share expansion delivered revenue growth of 19% and shipments growth of 8% against the scenario we presented earlier in the year of 15% to 20% revenue growth and 5% to 10% shipments growth, calendar year 2007 over 2006. We executed our plan in the first half of the year to return excess cash to shareholders repurchasing $19.7 million shares. Highlights of today's reported earnings in the December 2007 quarter include shipments of $593 million, slightly above our guidance range down 4% sequentially. Revenues of $610 million with a reported gross margin of 50.4% of revenues and ongoing operating income performance of 27.5% of revenues, all exceeding are previously communicated expectation. Gross cash in short-term investments were $1.3 billion. Turning to the specific, 300 millimeter application represented approximately 85% of total etch system shipments. And applications that are less than or equal to the 90 nanometer technology node represented 90%. Memory segment customers in the quarter represented a very strong 80% of total etch system shipments with the NAND's components accounting for approximately 41% of the total memory. Logic/other was 14% and foundry was 6% of the total. At December quarter ongoing operating income of 27.5% was stronger than the 25% guided, because revenues were slightly stronger predominantly in memory. In addition, to the volume benefit, the combination of more favorable mix, the one time benefit of selling some non-core intellectual property, some run rate benefit from system warranty and installed base performance reserves together contributed approximately 1percentage points to gross margin and more than 1 percentage point to operating income versus our guidance. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of shipments and revenues, please see today's press release and the website for reconciliation of shipments revenues, deferred revenues and cash. Ongoing operating expenses for the company were a $140 million in the December quarter, as we continue to invest to support our etch and adjacent market growth plans. Our total net cash balance including restricted cash was slightly more than $1 billion at the end of December. Accounts receivable, collection performance had a DSO of 66 days. The deferred revenue balance was $230 million, up by 2% sequentially. In addition, there is approximately $41 million of anticipated future revenue value from the previously made shipments to Japanese customers. In the quarter, there was no stock-repurchase activity by the company. The total shares outstanding which is intently a reasonable proxy for our basic share accounts with approximately $125 million shares at the end of the period. Our own capital expenditures were $24 million, depreciation and amortization was $11 million. We received $3 million from the exercise of employee equity plan, head counts was more or less constant at slightly less than 3000 employees at the end of December. The stock option review continues to move ahead and in that context you will remember we concluded in a positive, a financial statement and on the life determination just before the holidays. In the near term, we had important meetings scheduled with our special committee and our board of directors. Accordingly our current plan is to provide an update in a couple of weeks from now on our expectations to get incurrence with fillings. We incurred a further $6 million in cost associated with this review in the December quarter and did expect an additional $3 million in the March 2008 quarter. Related to our intended acquisition of SEZ, we received approval for the transaction from the Scripps take of aboard in early January. The competitive SEZ window closes in February. In early February, we are targeting deal closing in early March. According to these assumptions, we will be consolidating less than one month of SEZ performance in our March quarter financials. Because the initial tender period is still open and the terms of the transactions are still outstanding, we are not incorporating any SEZ financial in our guidance today. Included in our limited financial statements presentation today however, specifically in other income and expense, we incurred a non-operating mark-to-market expense of $7 million related to hedging the Swiss franc purchase price of the acquisition at a cash cost of $10 million. Due to currency movements through the end of the December quarter, the U.S. dollar acquisition price has reduced by $14 million from our deal announcement number. In addition, unassociated with the acquisition in the coming weeks, we plan to repay our $250 million offshore debt and borrow $250 million in domestic debt, simply to facilitate having cash in the U.S. jurisdiction for the purchase. As we stated previously, we are targeting that the acquisition be marginally accretive to earnings in the first year. Now to Steve's comments.
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Martin and good afternoon everyone. As Martin indicated, Lam finished 2007 on a strong note marked by better than forecasted revenue and shipments, strong cash generation and continued demonstration of our ability to win and retain market share in etch. We produced record calendar year revenue of $2.62 billion, up 19% over calendar year 2006. And based on our preliminary internal assessment, we ended 2007 with a 48.5% shipment-based market share in etch, up from around 46% in calendar year '06. This performance represents significant progress toward achieving our objective to build Lam into a $4 billion solid revenue company by the 2010 timeframe. We believe that target is achievable, not only as a function of our continued leadership and sheer expansion in the etch market, but also the progress we are making with our strategy to leverage our technology knowledge and capability space to expand in the market adjacent to etch. 2007 was an important year for the company, as we released three new products in the market. Our 2300 Motif patterning tool, our 2300 Coronus bevel cleaner and our new single-wafer linear wet-clean tool. All of which are receiving very positive customer reception. We also shipped our first 3-D IC tool, name Syndion into a JDP with the leading-edge memory company and expect to ship Syndion tool into additional JDPs throughout 2008. Our analysis of trends in semiconductor manufacturing indicates the single-wafer wet-cleans are becoming increasingly critical processing steps necessary to achieve successful production of leading-edge memory and logic integrated service. Our adjacency in etch makes the clean segment the key target for us and now was an opportune time to increase our presence in this market. On December 11, 2007 we announced our intent to acquire the SEZ Group, we believe that the growth opportunities in single-wafer wet-clean and bevel clean applications are greater than for the wafer fab equipment industry as a whole and together Lam and SEZ have the opportunity to establish a world-class leadership position in terms of technology differentiation, market share and profitability in the clean segment. We are investing in a great opportunity to leverage our existing edge technical knowledge base along with our Confined Chemical Cleaning capabilities with the advanced high-productivity products from SEZ in order to provide the broadest and most comprehensive superior etch strip and clean solution to meet our customer's increasing productivity and yield challenges. SEZ, with its proprietary Spin-Processor wafer cleaning technology, as a broad technology base solution portfolio and the largest install base globally in the single-wafer segment. This segment is one that we think will represent a firm of over $1.2 billion for the combined companies by 2010. In short, Lam and SEZ make for a unique combination of established market share leadership combined with complementary leading edge technologies providing high potential for attractive return profile and additional contribution to the Lam's strong cash generation capability. Turning to the overall industry environment. It is clear that everyone's focus is around the current stage of the cycle, how that relates to expectations of customer spending for wafer fab equipment in 2008. Since relapse of the U.S. economic landscape has altered considerably and there is general uncertainty globally on our key economic drivers. While current signs still point to relatively healthy growth in IC unit demand for 2008, we expect that profitability issues in the semiconductor industry will limit the rate of additional capacity expansion until IC unit supply and demand is brought back in the balance. In DRAM, pricing continue to decline throughout the last quarter and may at last be beginning to stabilize at its current low levels. Bit content in PCs continues to increase as PC makers capitalize on the low price environment. However, excess supply has driven DRAM pricing to levels below what is necessary, remaining DRAM manufacturers who support future investments and we don't expect that this environment will change much through the first half of the year. Over the past year, we have seen very significant capacity expansion in DRAM resulting in an excess supply relative to demand of approximately 80,000 to 100,000 wafer starts per month by the middle of 2007. And even though in the second half of 2007, we saw roughly a 20% reduction in the rate of new capacity investment relative to the first half of 2007, it is believed that the industry exited the year with approximately 50,000 to 70,000 wafer starts per month of excess capacity relative to the real demand. As a result, pricing declines continued through calendar year end which led to accelerated and significant operating losses for many memory companies. We are forecasting roughly 20% to 25% unit growth for DRAM in 2008 and with the currently expected 40% additional reduction in capacity additions in the first half of 2008 versus the second half of 2007, we expect the supply and demand balance to improve significantly in the second half of the year. Comparatively, pricing in the NAND market reflects a more balanced supply and demand environment at June 2007. While NAND pricing was following a typical earlier pricing declines due to the seasonal nature of the segment, we expect its relatively healthier supply demand balance to remain in place in 2008. Within capacity expansion, activity in NAND in the first half of 2008 should be roughly flat with the second half of 2007 which was a strong period of expansion relative to the first half of last year. This expected capacity expansion activity is supported by forecasted NAND unit growth of greater than 40% for calendar year 2008, driven by demand factors such as growth of multimedia phones, migration to higher density MP3 players, etcetera. We are also seeing the emergence of solid state drives in the upper end of the notebook markets and as the performance in rate benefits of products incorporating SSD become clear, the notebook industry's move to this technology should accelerate. We continue to take a positive long-term view of market drivers in foundry, which we believe is nearing the end of a CapEx holiday. Delays and anticipated foundry spending have been caused by the foundry's ability to meet increase IC unit demand with existing under utilized capacity. Foundries exited 2007 running at about 93% capacity, which is well above the normal seasonal trend and the current outlook for growth in wafer starts to get that foundry utilization to be approaching 100% on the second half of 2008. We think this makes investment in new capacity additions inevitable. However, the timing of new investment is uncertain due to short lead times in the supply chain for wafer fab equipment. Looking ahead, we anticipate that further growth in foundry investment could result from the increasing trend in outsourcing by larger IBMs as well as closer to more market over the next several years. The current economic and market uncertainty combined with industry supply and demand fundamentals, clearly point to a decline in wafer fab equipments spending in 2008. The question is how much? We are probably looking at an annual decline of at least 10% compared to 2007 and that could range up to 15% depending upon how the global economics situation unfolds and how that impacts consumer demand. We have stated on several occasions that lead time for our business are becoming increasingly short and our customers now have the ability to adjust quickly to changing market conditions. This limits visibility in a volatile economic environment, and make it's difficult to provide necessity around the longer term investment plans of our customers. With respect to our outlook for Lam Research. I'll focus my commentary on the March quarter and share some perspective on the first half of the calendar year. We expect revenue for the March quarter to be in the range of $600 million and $620 million compared with the December quarter. We anticipate our shipments will be in the range of flat to up 5% relative to December and within that shipment forecast is an expectation that our non-shipment growth will largely offset weakness in DRAM, and while foundry should show an increase in wafer fab equipment selling growth in the second half of 2007. We now expect shipments for the first half of calendar 2008 to be flattish relative to second half of calendar 2007 and revenue should follow a similar trend. Gross margins are expected to be approximately 47.5% plus or minus a percentage point in the March quarter, owing to customer mix impact relative to our December quarter acceptances as well as some near term pricing pressure from customers who are facing significant profitability challenges and continued pricing pressure in sales and consumables as customers strive to lower operating cost in their basket. On the operating expense line, we have a typical seasonal acceleration of employee benefits and related payroll tax expenses as the new calendar year brings as well. At the timing of certain investments we are making in R&D. These factors taken together suggest that operating profit will be approximately 24% of revenue, plus or minus a percentage point. Many of the factors affecting our outlook for growth and operating margins are unique to the March quarter, for portions of the first half of the year. As the year progresses we expect gross margins to begin to trend that up to approach more typical levels and operating margins to improve by a point or two. As mentioned earlier, we anticipate that the June quarter will be the fully consolidated quarter including the result of the SEZ Group. Therefore we would expect to provide more color of that how SEZ fits into our P&L and our outlook for Lam in total on our March quarter conference call. In closing, I continue to be pleased with Lam's operational and financial performance. In calendar year 2007, we achieved new records for the company in terms of shipments, revenue and etch market share. This exceptional performance is a function of our demonstrated production-proven technology and our commitment to the fast customer solutions. In 2008, we plan to continue to strengthen and grow our leading market share position in etch; accelerate our activities associated with successfully penetrating adjacent new markets that affectively integrate SEZ into the company. As always, I want to extend my appreciation and thanks to Lam's employees around the world, who continue to demonstrate the willingness and ability to meet the ever-increasing needs of our customers and ways that continue to set the standard of excellence in our industry. Now, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Sir. We will now begin the question-and answer-session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Satya Kumar: Yeah, hi Steve, thanks. It sounded like you were noticing a pretty different sort of environment in the pricing, a flat shipment, its operating margins were going almost 250 basis points. Is there a more to the pricing equation than just customers' profitability? Is there any change that you are seeing on the competitive environment?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think that, as Martin had talked about that, while we came in at 50.4% on a normalized basis without some of the extraordinary one-time activity just close to the 49%. So, a 47.5%, it is down, another point and a half. And I mean, there is a no question that when you get into downturn type environment, there is a combination of competitive pricing pressures, there is a combination of customer profitability pricing pressure, and there is combination of spare parts and service and consumables pricing pressure. So, I think, that there is an element of that that's present in the 47.5% margin guidance. But there is also a very prominent mix issue for us in the March quarter, where we have a very heavy concentration of shipments to one particular customer and that's contributing to some of the margin pressure as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Hoping to sneak into, if I may. I guess, first question, in terms of your outlook now for CapEx down 10% to 15%, what kind of assumption are you making there on the NAND front, considering that we are beginning to see some signs of push-outs on that front? And then, I guess secondly, just to follow-up on the pricing pressure question, you did mention that one-time customer affecting March, and within the guidance you've talked about a recovery in the June and beyond that timeframe. I guess, what gives you the confidence aside from that one-time customer that pricing pressure will only be a short-term issue? Thank you.
Steve Newberry: Yes, I'll talk about the NAND aspect of things and Martin will comment about what we see going forward relative to margins. So, clearly when you look at what's going on in the industry, you have both activity in the near-term that has resulted in customers changing, what their planned deliveries were for the first half of the year, largely in DRAM. But also as you point out in NAND, I think, the issue is though, that when you look at the still planned investment in NAND that it's -- at one-time it was probably going to be up in the first half of '08 versus where we were in the second half of '07, now it's kind of flattish. But I think it's important to recognize that, what's happened in NAND is that when you look at the second half of '07, second half of '07 was a significant increase in NAND investment and so forth. For the first half of '08 to be flat, I think that's a good indication that there is still a need for additional capacity investment and there is still anticipated strong unit growth for NAND, in our case we forecast about 40%. So, I'll let Martin talk about the margins.
Martin Anstice: Down the margin, I mean, I think Steve kind of delivered the headline. Certainly in the progression or the regression of gross margin percentages, December to March, it is almost exclusively a mix story, and I have to say in my tenure in the company, we have not seen the type of mix impacting gross margins that we see here that really is, customer makes the way. And mix is everything as you know when you have a business that has 20 significant customers, plus or minus five or ten. The mix of business and the mix of products achieved to purchase really do define the economics of the company. Our current expectation based on the view we just talked about and based on the mix that we are approximating today is that, the gross margin pressure that we are describing on our guidance for March is a more of an aberration of one quarter. But at the end of the day, until we really see the mix that prevails in the quarter of June and beyond, it's difficult to be absolutely precise for that comment but that will be the general impression that we would have and communicate today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Alright, great, thank you. Nice stuff on the quarterly execution guys. So, Steve back in the October call you expected 12 application wins, while the 2007, maybe you can update us on those numbers with the year behind us? And then, really quick follow-up, does the downward revisions in your WFE spend outlook this year change your 2010 assumptions were $4 billion in revenues for Lam?
Steve Newberry: Okay. Let's talk about application wins and losses. From a segment standpoint, in dielectric we had a 16 new net application wins in the year, in memory. We had three more dielectric net wins in foundry. And we had two losses relative to our PTOR positions in the logic space. So, our overall net per dielectric wins were 17 and in conductor, we had 11 new net wins and we had a couple of losses in metal which we have talked about before, where we decided to walk away for some business because of pricing aspects. For the overall perspective, it's about 5 percentage points of market share gain in dielectric, and essentially that puts us in a dead heat with Tokyo Electron, which has historically been for many, many years the dielectric market share leader, and we calculate that, both of us are sitting at about 41% for dielectric. Our market share in silicon for the year was essentially flat at about 59% and we lost a little bit of market share in metal but we still control more than 61% of that. So overall, our market share for the year at 48.5 and I think when you look at those application wins it would have been even stronger but the mix in terms of where customers spent money in 2007 actually had a slight negative drag on our overall market share. You are better one year, you are a little bit less in another other year. But overall, we still have been able to grow share at the next technology note where we currently are at 50% on the 65 nanometer node. So talking about our ability and the potential impact of what's going on with WFE in 2008 relative to what's going to happen in 2010, we still believe that the long-term secular trend for IC unit growth, both in memory, logic and the resultant demand on foundries, is going to require that there is a significant amount of additional spending for wafer fab equipment. We think that the low end of that range is probably somewhere in $124 billion to $134 billion needed to be spent from 2007 to 2010. So if we spent $31 million in 2007, we need to spend another $103 million to maybe as low $93 million, $94 million. And if we are down 10%, 15%, let's be conservative and say we're down 15%, so we spend maybe $27 million in wafer side equipment which I think is down about $14 million. Then, what it says is we still need to spend somewhere around $70 billion to $75 billion in wafer fab equipment in 2009 and 2010. I think that in order for us to get the $4 billion, we would look to see wafer fab equipment market somewhere in the $38 billion to $40 billion range in 2010. And if that's the case, I think with our etch market share projections, with our expectation for the additional revenues that we will generate out of our adjacent market expansion strategy, that we still believe it's very likely that we will achieve the $4 billion target in 2010.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Ho of Stifel Nicolaus. Go ahead please.
Patrick Ho: Thanks a lot. I've got one quick house keeping question, and then a question for Steve. I don't know if you can give out this information, given the ongoing investigation about the cash flow from operation in the quarter. And you've discussed in the past that you expected to ship $80 million worth of your new products. Can you give us a status of the revenue timing of that? And does the impact of these new products being recognized as revenue have any impact on the margins in terms of the mix that you were talking about?
Martin Anstice: I'll take at least two thirds of that question. Relative to cash from operations, as your question hypothesized, I cannot directly answer the question. But what I'll try to do, Patrick, is kind of at least characterize for you about the elements of kind of cash to the company. And so in the December quarter, the cash balance of the company was essentially kind of neutral, and there really wasn't any kind of capital finance activity in terms of stock repurchase or cash coming in on option exercise. There's a little bit, but essentially it was the neutral cash story which implies therefore a fairly neutral operational performance, but I can't be specific about that number. And one of the most obvious reasons for that is the extremely strong performance in the September and June quarter. In June, we reported, I recall, over $280 million of cash from operations. I have the same reporting challenge in September as I have in December. But again, the cash balance of the company increased in the September quarter by more than $200 million. So you've got, again, in the context of where we try and set our objectives on cash, if I take out, as I did in my commentary earlier today, the impact of stock repurchase and the impact of debt repayment in the full year, that cash number represents about 27% of revenues. Relative to kind of the revenue elements on new products, I wasn't sure if your question was a 2007 question or 2008. What I would say, presuming it's a 2008 question, is that we obviously are targeting revenues in the 2008 timeframe. Unless Steve chooses to in the second year, we haven't been specific about that yet. I would say relative to the margin element of new products, we've been fairly specific about our targeting ambition. So we kind of said we are targeting in the range of 40% to 45% margins for new products in that first year. And I would say, in general, we're probably biasing much closer to our etch performance. And so, I don't think from a corporate financial performance point of view, there is really any impactful story on gross margins for new products.
Steve Newberry: I think, in addition, you asked about the $80 million in new products equivalent shipments. And in terms of the total products that we put out, we were right around that number. The timing of how those shipments ultimately convert to revenue is a play out at different point in time. Some have already been taken to revenue. Most by far occur in the first couple to three quarters. As we go forward in '08, we'll speak more to some of the specifics around what's happening to new products. But primarily from a margin standpoint, what Martin said is right, and there is a couple of reasons for that. One, what we're providing, and particularly relative to our bevel cleaning product and in our Motif patterning tool, is a set of capabilities that are very much targeted at enhancing customer yield issues. And in the case of our Motif patterning tool, we were really talking about helping customers with their very significant lithography patterning issues. And so, these products bring a very significant value-added result capability for the customer. So, therefore, the margins that are being achieved by these products are consistent with the margins that we typically generate in the etch business. And then, clearly, as we go forward in 2008 and we integrate SEZ into what we do and we begin to increase the volumes of our C3 cleaner, we will clearly be operating an arena that for most of the players the margins are lower than what we operate to. And clearly, one of the things that we're going to focus on is where the opportunities for us to look at bringing some cost efficiencies and productivity capabilities, as well as how can we bring some differentiated yield enhancement capability into the critical clean applications and deliver products overtime that have an improving margin profile in clean.
Operator: Our next call comes from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Jim Covello: Hi, guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Steve, the question is just around DRAM. And really, if we think we are through the worst of the capacity add, so that we can set up for a better second half of the year. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but that certainly seems to be your point of view. But if I look at the CapEx as a percent of revenue and DRAM on a quarterly basis, we are pretty much at the highs of the cycle almost in Q1 of '08, which would imply that we are still bringing on a whole bunch of supply right now. And is that consistent with your analysis or where do you think I could be wrong about that and what do you think that could otherwise imply about the second half?
Steve Newberry: (inaudible) to DRAM, but I think that for the industry right now that they've just spent the last six months with significantly negative operating profit numbers. They've got to get supply and demand back in sync. I think that the nice thing about memory is that with unit growth being as strong as it is, if you end up with strong cutbacks, which we're seeing in DRAM, coupled with strong unit growth, the speed at which you can get supply and demand back in sync is pretty quick. And that's why I am relatively optimistic that we'll see supply and demand to get back in sync somewhere around the middle of '08.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Pelayo from HSBC. Go ahead please.
Steven Pelayo: Yes, Steve, just the follow-up on the last one there. What are your expectations now for foundry and logic spending in your WSE down 10% to 15% assumption? And then when you look out into the March quarter, you had shipments going to memory. Where do you think that moves going into March quarter? And do you think foundry has been running -- I guess now it's single digits or so percentage and starts to pick up here. When would that happen?
Steve Newberry: Let's talk about foundry and logic a little bit. I think one of the things that we've all watched very carefully was what was the rate of investments in equivalent for foundries in the second half of '07. And it was relatively minor. And what we came to understand was that what a number of the foundry companies were doing was really working on driving up their overall utilization levels to much higher than what they normally would before they would reorder. And so, one of the interesting phenomenon in 2007 was that the industry started the year at about 80% utilization, ended the year or started 2008 at about 93%. And so, what we are seeing now is that the first half of '08 that wafer type equipment shipments into the foundries are going to be up fairly significantly relative to what the shipments were in the second half of '07, I think somewhere around maybe even a 100%-plus increase in shipments in the first half versus the second half of '07. And I think that what that is indicative of the fact that with utilization rates running so high, that they're running out of runway in terms of how much longer they can run without having to make investments in additional capacity. And so, I kind of view that for the year overall. So, we're likely to see foundries be up somewhere around 25%, maybe 30%. And I think that when you look at the logic, I think that logic is likely to be relatively flat. I think that at one point, we thought logic was probably going to see some increased investment in 2008, but I think given the economic environment, maybe we'll be a little bit more conservative on that. And so, I would say it's going to be relatively flattish year-over-year. And then what was the other part of the question that you asked?
Operator: Sir, I'd like to now turn the conference call back over to management now for any closing comments.
Steven Pelayo: I think the question was March segmentation for memory, second.
Steve Newberry: Okay. So, let me respond to that last about the segmentation of memory. So what you have in March is that the total amount of shipments into memory as a whole is slightly down, not dramatically, but probably somewhere in the 70%, 74% range. And the reason for that is while DRAM is down pretty significant, NAND Flash is up pretty significantly, and they are pretty much offsetting each other. And then other memory, which is SRAM and NOR, et cetera, it's down a little bit. And so, I think that what we are seeing is that memory as a whole is down a little bit, and then you have some strengthening in foundry shipments and you have some weakening in logic shipments. And that's kind of the makeup of the March quarter.
Steven Pelayo: Just to be clear, it's Steven, the 74% that Steve gave is the percentage in memory of total etch shipments in the quarter.
Carol Raeburn: That concludes our call for today. I would like to thank you for joining us. Please be advised our next regularly scheduled quarterly earning call is set for April 16th at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. I hope you would join us then. And thank you for participating.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the December quarter 2007 financial results conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T Conferencing.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-10-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Newberry - President and CEO  Martin Anstice - CFO  Carol Raeburn - Director of IR 
Analysts : Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley Jay Deahna - JP Morgan C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers Steve ORourke - Deutsche Bank Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Robert Maire - Needham& Co. Mark FitzGerald - Banc of America Tim Summers - Stanford Group Ben Pang - Caris 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you forstanding by. Welcome to Lams September quarter financial results conferencecall. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to CarolRaeburn, investor relations. 
Carol Raeburn:  Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to LamResearch Corporations September 2007 quarterly conference call. Here today areSteve Newberry, President and CEO; and Martin Anstice, CFO.  Today we will discuss limited financial results for the quarterended September 23, 2007and our business outlook for the December 2007 quarter. A press releasedetailing our financial results for the September 2007 quarter was distributedby Business Wire at approximately 1:05 pmand is available on our website at www.LamResearch.com. Today's call contains forward-looking statements, includingthose related to revenue and shipment forecasts, customer demand and industryconditions, as well as statements that express the company's expectations,beliefs, plans and forecasts. There are important factors that could cause ouractual results to differ materially from those discussed in theseforward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors thatcould cause results to differ can be found on our annual report on Form 10-Kfor the year ended June 25, 2006. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. and we ask that you please limit questions to oneper firm.  With that, I will turn the call over to Martin for a reviewof the September quarter.
Martin Anstice:  Thank you, Carol. This afternoon we will discuss ourSeptember 2007 quarter financial results. As we discussed last quarter, ourboard of directors initiated a voluntary independent review of the accountingand reporting related to past company grants of employees stock options. Thisreview is ongoing, although moving ahead expeditiously and with new attentionto detail. Accordingly, the determination of any impact to ourfinancial statements  cash or non-cash  is currently unknown; however, companymanagement has taken steps to assess the potential for impact to the discreteSeptember 2007 quarter financials.  Based on current known facts and beliefs, the potential formaterial changes to the financial results presented today is limited, althoughtheoretically possible. Our best judgment is to share more information than wereported in June, again, with due caution that the potential for changes existsas a function of concluding the stock options review. Highlights of todays reported earnings include shipments of$621 million, within the range of anticipated, down 11% sequentially. Revenueof $685 million at the high end of our guidance range, with a reported grossmargin of slightly more than 50%. Strong ongoing operating income performanceof 29.4% of revenues, and net cash and short-term investments of more than $1billion.  Shipments at $621 million were down from the all-timecompany high in June of $694 million. This reflects the anticipated reductionof shipments to foundry customers. To some extent, it is a function ofunanticipated strength in the June quarter, as previously discussed. Inaddition, the first sequential quarterly reduction of shipments to DRAMcustomers in a year, and those customers make adjustments to their investmentplans consistent with the current DRAM pricing environments.  300 millimeter applications represented approximately 90% oftotal system shipments, and applications that are less than or equal to the 90nanometer technology node represent 97%.  Memory segment customers in the quarter represented a verystrong 85% of total system shipments, with the NAND components accounting forapproximately 39% of total memory. Logic and other was 8% and foundry was 7% ofthe total systems shipments.  Revenue of $685 million was at the high end of our guidancerange with gross margins for the quarter sustained above the 50% level. Inaddition, with our December quarter guidance that Steve will speak to in amoment, this is consistent with our full-year expectations of year-over-yearrevenue growth 2007 over 2006 of between 15% and 20%. Combined with anexpectation of 2% year-over-year etch shipment growth in 2007, we believe thatthis is one of the most illustrative data points to support our market shareexpansion message. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown ofshipments and revenues, please see today's press release and our web site for areconciliation of shipments, revenues, and deferred revenues.  Operating expenses for the company were $146 million in theSeptember quarter. This includes approximately $3 million of non-ongoingexpenses associated with the voluntary stock option review. As anticipated, theexpansion of operating expenses has slowed, although we continue to invest inR&D activities, as well as infrastructure, to support our new productpenetration and qualification plans, consistent with the window of opportunitypresented by our targeted customers.  Our total net cash balance, including restricted cash, wasslightly more than $1 billion at the end of September. Inventory performancewas 5.7 turns. Accounts receivable collections performance was exceptional withDSO at 45 days. Deferred revenue and deferred profit balances were $226 millionand $149 million respectively; both down in the range of 25% to 30%sequentially. In addition, there is approximately $62 million of anticipatedfuture revenue value from previously-made shipments to Japanese customers.  In the quarter, there was no stock repurchase activity bythe company, although we realized the full benefit of June quarter repurchasesin September. Total basic shares outstanding are approximately 124 million atthe end of the period. Our own capital expenditures were $11 million;depreciation and amortization was $12 million; we received $14 million from theexercise of employee plans.  Headcounts grew from 2,900 at the end of June toapproximately 2,970 at the end of September, with the majority of the increasein R&D and field operations.  Now for Steve's comments. 
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Martin and good afternoon, everyone. Lam onceagain produced very strong operating and financial results in the Septemberquarter. As you've heard from Martin, we are pleased to be able to share moreof these results with you today than was the case last quarter. The resultssupport our view that Lam continues to perform consistent with the guidancewe've provided. In particular, I am pleased with Lam's ability to deliverrevenue to the high end of our guided range, even in an environment whereshipments were down roughly 11%.  Our financial performance remains strong, as evidenced bythe increase in our cash balance to approximately $1.3 billion.  Today I want to focus my discussion on a couple of topics.First, I will provide some color on our view of the market and customerspending trends as we move toward calendar 2008. Second, I want to discuss howLam is progressing from a market share perspective and I'll update you on somesuccesses that give us confidence in our ability to not only consolidate andmaintain our recent market share gains, but continue to gain share bypenetrating new applications, particularly at the leading edge technologynodes.  Starting with our market outlook, we continue to expect ICunit growth in the 10% to 12% range for calendar 2007 versus 2006, driven bythe strong performance -- unit growth wise -- for memory. We continue toforecast memory unit growth of approximately 27% in calendar 2007, with DRAMunits growing 52%, NAND Flash units growing 47%, and other memory flat yearover year.  Logic, microprocessor, and other ICs are still expected tobe up in the neighborhood of 8% to 10% year over year on a unit basis. We alsoremain comfortable with our outlook for total wafer fab equipment spending, whichwe anticipate will be up 5% to 7% in 2007 to the $30 billion range.  While the overall environment is consistent with our prioroutlooks, we are now seeing a higher mix of memory spending, which should be upapproximately 25% for 2007, an increase from our prior view of 16% to 19%.Spending in foundry and logic is now expected to be down an aggregate 15% to17% for the year, compared to our prior view of down 5% to 7%. Microprocessoris expected to be slightly better, down approximately 4% now versus down 7% inour prior forecast.  These changes in the specific spending categories reflect amarket environment where customers are adjusting their spending plans inaccordance with their near-term views of market opportunities and needs.  Looking at the memory market specifically, I talked both inthis forum and at our analyst day event about how the relative capitalintensity in the memory segment is not likely to be sustainable at 50% ofrevenue, as is still forecasted for calendar year 2007. The current DRAMenvironment is characterized by persistent ASP declines which have continuedthrough the September quarter. DRAM price per bit is now forecasted to declineapproximately 48% on average year over year, versus the historical norm of 30%. PC OEMs have taken the opportunity presented by declining pricesto build higher bit content into their machines in support of convergence tothe Vista operating system. While corporate conversionsto Vista are expected to begin accelerating in the first half of next year, inan overall strong underlying IC unit demand environment, we believe that abeneficial supply/demand correction is likely to play out over the next two orthree quarters in the memory space.  Meanwhile, the NAND market continues to unfold favorably.Fueled by the accelerating demand for a wide variety of digital consumerelectronics products, we believe that NAND Flash unit demand in the Septemberquarter was up more than 15% from the June quarter. Drivers of this activityincluded increased bit content and high-end MP3 players, as illustrated by therecently refreshed iPod line; and demand for flash cards in support of digitalphotography and products. We are now forecasting that NAND Flash bit growthwill increase by more than 190% and units will increase approximately 800million in 2007 compared with 2006.  In the foundries, utilization rose to over 90% in the fourthquarter, up from over 80%. The demand has largely been at 90 nanometer andabove, with the ramp at 65 nanometer coming more slowly than anticipated due toa narrowing of the number of logic device applications that realize a cost andperformance benefit from moving from the 65 nanometer technology node. We doexpect that 65 nanometer volume will ramp throughout the next year, driving theneed for capacity expansion at that node and for additional capacity to supportthe initial ramp for 45 nanometer.  Given this market environment, spending for DRAM capacityadditions is slowing and expected to decline 24% in the second half of 2007 versusthe first half of 2007. NAND spending for capacity additions is increasing byapproximately 44% in the second half of 2007 versus the first half, withoverall spending for memory down approximately 7% second half versus firsthalf.  Foundry and logic wafer fab equipment spending in the secondhalf is forecasted to be down approximately 28% versus the first half andmicroprocessor spending is now expected to be flat, second half versus firsthalf.  As we began to gain visibility into 2008, we can give aninitial glimpse of potential customer spending. Obviously, the duration of theexpected supply/demand correction in DRAM plays a key role in determining theoutlook for memory spending.  Based on our current view of the marketplace, we believethat the first half of 2008 wafer fab equipment spending will begin to trend uprelative to spending in the second half of 2007; and spending for the full year2008 is likely to be flattish with calendar 2007. Memory spending couldpotentially be down about 10% to 15% year on year, though foundry, logic, and otherspending in aggregate could increase at a rate that would largely offset the declinein memory spending.  Factors that will play key roles in the ultimate level of spendingfor equipment include the demand environment for memory in the coming months,which will in large measure be determined by continued growth in computerproducts driven by Vista conversions and ongoing demand for high memory contentpersonal digital devices, as well as the overall demand for the broad range ofother semiconductor intensive consumer digital electronics such as highdefinition TVs and game consoles.  Lam's financial performance in this spending environment isexpected to remain strong, and will be supported by our ability to enhance ourleading market share position in etch at each successive technology node. Lamis on track to hit its prior stated target of approximately 49% market share inshipments of etch products at the end of calendar 2007, a 3 percentage point increasefrom 2006.  Ourshare increases are a function of 8 to 9 points of growth in dielectric memory,leading to a greater than 41% share of the overall dielectric market, up 4.5points or so from 2006; and conductor share remaining at greater than 60% exiting2007.  Additional validation of our market share gains is supportedby our expectation that Lam memory shipments in calendar year 2007 will growgreater than 32%, compared with the expected 24% to 26% growth in wafer fabequipment memory spending.  We expect to continue to increase our share at the 5X and 4Xtechnology nodes as a function of 12 additional application wins, includingeight in the dielectric market, and four in the conductor market, offset byfive losses for the calendar year 2007. We are expecting over time that the netwins will drive additional share and provide us with slightly greater than 50%share in future years, depending upon the ultimate customer spending mix in anygiven year. Let's now turn to guidance for the December quarter. Revenueis expected to be in the range of $580 million to $600 million, which isconsistent with our prior view that revenue for calendar 2007 would be up 15%to 20% over 2006. We are forecasting gross margins of approximately 49% to 50%,and operating margin of approximately 25% plus or minus 1%.  Shipments in the December quarter are expected to be down inthe range of 5% to 10%, benefiting from some memory pull-ins from early 2008planned shipments, offsetting some of the delayed spending that was expected infoundry, as I previously discussed. Again, this view is consistent with theprior calendar 2007 outlook of shipments increasing 5% to 10% in calendar year2007 versus 2006. Before wrapping up, I want to quickly address the board'sreview of Lam's stock option accounting practices. As Martin indicated, theindependent committee is working through the process as quickly and diligentlyas possible. The next event resulting from the review is our NASDAQ hearingwhich is scheduled for tomorrow, October 11. We'll continue to keep you updatedas events develop. In closing, Lam delivered another very strong quarter forthe September period and our business continues to perform very well. Ourlong-term outlook for the wafer fab equipment market remains strong. We arepleased with our continued market share gains and we continue to make goodprogress on executing our adjacent market strategy with the introduction of newproducts that are meeting critical customer challenges.  I would like to thank all of our employees across the Lamorganizations worldwide for their continued outstanding contributions to ourperformance. We'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets.
 Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Good quarter here. Looking at your shipment guidance, thatwould bring your shipment level to roughly around 600, and yet you're guidingrevenues below your shipment level. Normally that doesn't really happen becauseyou do have north of $200 million in deferred revenue. Can you tell me what'sgoing on, particularly in the December quarter? Why shipments would actually behigher than revenue levels?
 Steve Newberry:  We said shipmentsdown 5% to 10%. So you kind of end up in a very similar range of shipments torevenue, pretty close to a 1:1. I think that what you would end up with is asituation where depending upon the customer mix of where your shipments are ina given quarter, in some quarters you can get high turns to acceptance becauseof who the customers are that you're shipping in the middle weeks of thequarter.  With this particular quarter, we have a number of shipmentsin the middle of our quarter where they're going to customers either wherewe're doing some new application work or they are customers that historicallyhave a little longer accepted cycle time. So the ability to ship those, getthem started up and get them accepted and take the revenue is a little bit moreof a challenge this quarter.
 Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Steve, you're referring to Japanin particular in the December quarter? Is that the region, Japan?
 Steve Newberry:  Japantends to be a little longer on their cycle times.
 Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: That makes sense. What are you guys seeing in terms ofpricing pressure out there? I know that with DRAM pricing being in the pits,there's intensified pressure on pricing from your side. Yet if you look at yourDecember revenue guidance, you're still holding with a pretty significantrevenue drop, your gross margin of 49% to 50%. Obviously you're not seeing it.What are you doing to beat that back?
 Steve Newberry:  Well, I think whilewe've talked about pricing pressures and as we've mentioned before, the realityis the pricing environment is always very tough, very competitive, so it'sreally no different in spite of the fact that the customer's environment isdifficult.  Our ability to keep our margins up is really a function ofthe business model that we've put in place and we've talked about for a longtime, is that as our revenues fall off, we're able to get our variable costfactors in the factory out in a very consistent fashion with the decline inrevenue. And then because we work very closely with our remote factoryproviders, we really aren't carrying a significant amount of fixed costs thatas the revenue drops, it creates period cost inefficiencies. So our businessmodel really allows us to tolerate significant declines in revenue, withminimal or modest declines in gross margin.
Operator:  Our next questioncomes from Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse. 
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: I have a question on your Q4 shipments. If I annualize yourQ4 shipments, calendar '08 by my math would be down about 8.4%. Given yourbelief that CapEx looks flattish and you could gain share and you have newproducts, my math says your December shipments are running at least $50 millionbelow what you think is normalized shipment levels for calendar '08.  In addition, you're saying CapEx is flattish next year. Sothat would seem like you're seeing clearly at least a double-digit recovery inorders in December and shipments growing into March. Is that a correctassessment? Can you help me think about why that would be happening, given yourearlier caution on memory?
 Steve Newberry:  Well, I may haveconfused you, and you have successfully confused me, because I've made nocomments about anything related to the shipment environment for calendar year'08. The only comments we made was that our shipment guidance for December of'07 is down 5% to 10%. If you take all of our previous shipments, that it'sconsistent with our statement that shipments would end the year in calendaryear '07 up 5% to 10%. So maybe there was some confusion in terms of thatreference relative to calendar year '07.
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: No. My question was, you said in '08 you look at a flattishCapEx environment. Is that right?
 Steve Newberry:  Right. I talked abouta flattish CapEx environment in '08.
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse:  If I take your Q4shipment guidance and annualize that relative to your calendar '07 shipments,'08 shipments would be down about 5% to 10%?
 Steve Newberry:  Why would youannualize the December shipment guidance? I said that the shipments were goingto start trending up in the first half of '08.
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to make sure that was a correct assessment.
 Steve Newberry: Yes. What I said about the shipments trending up in thefirst half of '08 versus the second half of '07. That was a correct statement.
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to make sure it was for Lam and not for theindustry itself.
 Steve Newberry: Well I'm talking about what Lam is going to do. But now thatyou've asked it, I believe that spending for equipment will see a similartrend. That the spending that customers will do in the first half will behigher levels of spending for equipment than in the second half of '07.
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: How much minimum cash do you need to run the business?
 Martin Anstice: It's a good question, and it's one that for the last threeyears Ive successfully avoided answering, for a bunch of very obvious reasons.Obviously from an operational point of view, we have a level of performance inthe company and a business model that allows us to generate substantially morecash than we are currently investing in R&D and such from an organic growthpoint of view.  So the technical answer to the question is, not very much.Obviously, there are liquidity needs for every legal entity around the world,but that's a very administrative answer to the question. What I tend to do and I think the cash balance is and thedecisions we made, particularly in the March and June quarters this year giveyou the best frame of reference for answering that question. We have not takenthe cash balance of the company down below $0.5 billion. That isn't a directanswer to your question, but it's a reasonable data point relative to gettingsome framework for modeling going forward.
Operator:  Our next questioncomes from Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup. 
 Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Steve, if I look at your guidance, it looks like OpEx has toactually grow on down revenue. It seems like you're at a similar revenue toSeptember '06. The OpEx was about $20 million higher than it was then. It seemslike maybe you've moved some of the variability in the model. The COGS lookspretty variable, but it looks like OpEx now is going up and is more fixed.  I'm wondering, is there some kind of a structural changethere, and is that just going to last for a couple of quarters, or is my mathwrong?
 Steve Newberry:  I think your math isreasonably correct. We have a lot of variability in our OpEx. We're choosingnot to apply it at this point in time. Significantly, we have been increasingour investments systematically, quarter over quarter, not only in etch, butobviously in our new product activities associated with the fact that all ofour new products that we've talked about are in penetration mode, which meansthat they're fundamentally shipping evaluation units, which obviously carryadditional cost expense to support those evaluations, along with a number ofproducts that were in unreleased modes where the material expense activity inR&D were higher than what we would expect to see at some point in time inthe future. So as we go forward, as we monitor what the customer demandenvironment is, we have significant variability available to us in the OpExarea to drive that down, but we're just currently choosing not to.  But you're correct, that's why even though our margins arestaying up, the operating income is dropping a little bit. One of the otherreasons why we're keeping that operation expense spending up is I believe thatthe way that a company optimizes its ability to deliver superior operationaland financial performances are the investments that you make during slowdownperiods in the cycle.  As you know, we're very focused on the achievement of our $4billion revenue objective in 2010. We believe that we're going to see somestronger spending environments in 2009 versus the environment that we expectfor spending in 2008. We are going to make the investments in infrastructure,human resources as well as systems and other capital investments in 2008, sothat we are going to be well-positioned for accelerated revenue growth as thoseopportunities are expected to present themselves more in the future.
 Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Since the OpEx really is really the key to the new productsthen, Steve, I think you said before that you had shipped enough product torevenue $80 million this year for the new products. Is that still the case? Whatare the metrics you're using to basically evaluate the new products, whetheryou continue to invest or whether you stop investing?
 Steve Newberry:  Our target earlier inthe year was to revenue $80 million. At the analyst event at SEMICON West, wesaid that we would not be revenuing $80 million, but that we were going to beshipping into the marketplace the equivalent of $80 million in shipment value.But because the vast majority of those tools are going into evaluations and theevaluation periods that we're experiencing with customers relative to penetratingfor 4X-type technology nodes, that we're not going to be revenuing that much incalendar year '07; and that we would expect our revenue ramp to occur more inthe middle of '08 as those eval systems convert to revenue. As we win thoseevaluation judgments, that we would be shipping systems that would be forproduction purposes and they would revenue as soon as they went through astart-up qualification. That's the scenario that we're in, and the way that weevaluate the success that we're having is not really a function of how quicklywe revenue. We evaluate it two ways. (1) how many opportunities are we beinggiven by customers who say, I want one of your tools to be brought in for anextensive and comprehensive evaluation activity? And then (2) once that occurs,we measure our success by how many of those evaluations we convert.  So to date we're essentially on track to the penetrationrates that we wanted to achieve and we have not had any unsuccessfulevaluations where the return of the equipment has occurred.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley. 
 Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon and nice job on the quarterly execution.Steve, as you look at first half '08 WSE spend and your shipments being higherthan first half of this year, I'm just wondering what are the segments that aregoing to be the drivers? I'm assuming it's going to be primarily NAND and somefoundries, but your view would be helpful here.
 Steve Newberry: Harlan, you're talking about what we think the drivers willbe for first half spending in 2008?
 Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Yes, exactly.
 Steve Newberry: Thank you for your earlier comment. I think clearly NAND isgoing to be a major driver as it relates to memory and I expect that DRAMspending will have a multiple quarter decline environment. How much thatdecline is and how long that decline is, I think, we're going to see it playout as a function of what the demand environment is; particularly this quarter,so that when we look at excess capacity in DRAM at the end of the year, that'sgoing to say a lot for how fast the rate of additional shipments for DRAM occurin the first half.  I do think that both logic microprocessor and foundry aregoing to be higher in the first half of '08 than what has shipped in and isplanned to be shipped in for the second half. I think all of the segments willbe up with the exception of DRAM.
Operator:  Your next questioncomes from Jay Deahna  JP Morgan.
 Jay Deahna - JP Morgan: Based on the completely reported financials through theMarch quarter, it looks like the bookings peaked in the December quarter around$779 million. Looking at your shipment trends, I think it would be fairly safeto assume that orders declined for the most part in the March, June andSeptember quarters.  Now, with the expectation for shipments to be up in thefirst half of '08, one would think that orders would have to be up in thefourth quarter. Does that logic make sense, generically speaking? If so, do youview that as some sort of a cyclical turn? That's the first question.  The second question is, was your cash flow in the Septemberquarter somewhere in the neighborhood of $300 million? 
 Steve Newberry: I'll have Martin answer the cash flow question. Jay, you arealways very inventive in how you are always trying to get me to comment onorders. As all of you know, I don't comment on orders, but certainly if ourshipments have been guided down 5% to 10%, and that the shipments are going totrend upward in the first half, I think it would be fair to say that there is acyclical turn that is in fact occurring, and I think our shipment'sperspectives would support that.  Martin, maybe you can comment on the cash flow?
 Martin Anstice:  The cash, I'll giveyou a couple of precise numbers that we did report in June and again today. Wehad a gross cash balance in June of 1031 net 780 and you'll remember we haveabout $250 million of debt outstanding in June, and that balance is still thedebt of the company at the end of the September.  The gross cash balance at the end of September is 1271, withthe $250 million debt, that's net of 1020. There really only are three elementsto the change of cash in the quarter. One is the CapEx of $11 million, one ofthem is the cash coming into the company from equity, which was $14 million asI stated, and the balance is more or less a statement of cash from thebusiness.
Operator:  Our next questioncomes from C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
 C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Steve, I would love to dig a little deeper on your outlookfor flat WFE in 2008. If I'm assume the memory is down about 10%, and memoryrunning about a 65% clip, that would suggest you view logic/foundry combinedgrowing at least 20% in 2008. All our checks suggest it would be down. So I'mcurious what gives you the confidence to not only see strength there, but 20% typestrength?
 Steve Newberry: It's a good question and I always try to put in somequalifiers, but nobody ever hears them. Things like, at this point in time, ifcustomers do what they say, it's likely, or the potential, et cetera. So that'swhy I've kind of characterized 2008 as flattish. Flattish, you could read plusor minus 5%, because I think, here we are it's October and we're all trying tofigure out what's the world going to look like when it's all over in 2008? The reality is, I think we have a pretty good feel for whatthe first half will look like and when I say pretty good, I mean the realityis, we're at that point in the cycle where as we talked about earlier, I thinkwe're at an inflection point. But you've got a lot of customers who are verymuch taking advantage of the fact that the cycle times in the supply chain arevery short and so you see a lot of changes in terms of people saying pull me intwo or three weeks, push me out two to four weeks. So it's a really fluid anddynamic environment relative to what's happening between any one quarter. So Ikind of like to talk in terms of trends. Second half of '07 versus first halfof '08. So while I'm reasonably confident that we are at aninflection point, that we're going to see shipments rise in the first half of'08, what they're going to do in the second half of '08, I think it's all goingto be a function of what is the demand environment that customers haveexperienced in that first half? But more importantly, what is the expectationfor the seasonality of the demand environment for the second half of '08?  If that is a positive environment, then I think that we'llsee the CapEx come in flat. If the demands are falling off, then I think wecould see CapEx fall. If for some reason the demand environment isexceptionally strong, then you could see that 5% increase.  I'm just trying to give people a perspective that this isthe ballpark of where we think wafer fab equipment spending will be, but we'rejust going to have to see it play out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve O'Rourke - DeutscheBank. 
 Steve ORourke - Deutsche Bank: Can you comment about backlog at the end of your fiscal yearin June?
 Steve Newberry:  Martin, do you haveany comments about that you would like to make?
 Martin Anstice: We're going to stay with the commentary of the last quarter.That is an audited financial statement data point and I realize that it is aslightly different data point than a revenue item, but we're going to preservethe authenticity of that process. So I'm afraid to say you're going to have towait on that until the K is filed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Steve, can I just follow up on issue about the '08 outlook?There are a number of companies now that have come out and provided hardguidance, all of which is down real significantly for 2008; and the othercompanies that have that haven't provided hard guidance have certainly madeimplications about declines -- whether they're significant or not can be argued-- but declines for 2008. There really isn't anybody out there who's suggestingincreases for 2008.  So if you take the hard guidance, the actual formal guidancefrom the five or six DRAM companies who are down 30 to 50 and the processorcompanies which have suggested down a little bit and the foundries which have suggesteddown a little bit, I still don't see where you get the flat for the full year. Icould be missing something and certainly the companies could be changing theirminds versus what they previously indicated. But they have indicated prettyhard numbers so far.
 Steve Newberry: I think that in terms of official guidance, I'm not sure Iwould have the same opinion in terms of five or six DRAM companies givingofficial guidance. Certainly Micron, because they're fiscal year '07 ended,talked about what they expected to spend in fiscal year '08. I realize that forMicron, they indicated that their spending would be down, which we've beenexpecting for a long, long time. That's not a surprise or a change, becauseMicron's investment in 2007 was very significant as they got the IMFT activitygoing. So Micron, although I don't think they specifically broke itout, but it's kind of been calculated that maybe their DRAM investment will bedown 50%. I think that we all ought to recognize that Micron's been very publicin stating that their emphasis on a going-forward basis is to increase thepercentage of their business in the NAND Flash arena and to have less emphasison DRAM. So I would expect that their amount of investment into DRAM would infact decline and in fact would decline more than what other companies wouldtypically do.  I don't think it's necessarily appropriate to take theanticipated 50% decline in DRAM spending by Micron and apply that across theboard to all of the other DRAM companies. My conversations that I've had with a number of memorysuppliers, some of whom are both DRAM and NAND/Flash, is far more supportive ofan environment where they intend to maintain their spending in memory in 2008. Ithink that all of these things that people say are subject to change, noquestion.  I don't want to speak for any specific company, but I cantell you that my discussions with most of these guys is that the expected rateof decline in DRAM is not anything close to 50%; it's probably closer to 30%down for DRAM, but that NAND Flash is going to be up very significantly so thatthe expected environment for total memory is down, as I said, 10% to 15%.  Now, comments relative to logic and foundry, I mean, we'llsee how that plays out. But I do believe that we've seen a delay in the move toend use customers adopting 65 nanometer devices and I believe that we're goingto see that environment change and that's going to cause the foundries to haveto go and make somewhat of a long-anticipated expansion in their wafer stockcapability at 65 nanometer.  I believe the foundries will spend probably somewhere arounda 25% increase in spending in 2008 versus 2007. I think that microprocessor islikely to be up, given the strength of what we expect to be happening in the PCand server arena. Logic, which has been really investing at a very slow pace, Iexpect that it could easily be up 20%. So whether that actually plays out,that's at least our view at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Maire - Needham.
 Robert Maire - Needham & Co.: We are at a relatively low point in the yen/dollar exchangerate. Historically in past cycles we've seen better performance versus theJapanese companies. Could you give us your view as to if you've seen any helpfrom the current weak dollar, especially given [inaudible] as your competitor?I realize that a lot of decisions are purely technology-based, but there areothers out there that are certainly price-based. Though it may be denominatedin dollars, it does somewhat limit their ability the discount.  Given the precipitous drop we've seen in memory pricing,does that accelerate the decision point for memory manufacturers to upgradetheir 200-millimeter fabs? Maybe you could give us your opinion as to where weare currently in the 200-millimeter. Is everybody below marginal or cash costs,or what does that do?
 Steve Newberry: I will address the memory segment, but before I do that,I'll have Martin talk to you about what our thoughts are about the yen/dollarexchange rate and how we deal with that. 
 Martin Anstice: Directly to your question, Robert, it's a really toughquestion to answer because the fact is we are gaining share against them andarticulating how much of that share gain is a function of any advantage that wehave on currency versus a performance-based advantage is perhaps a thanklesstask.  Inevitably, there is some commercial benefit for us relativeto managing the risk and opportunity and getting predictability in ourfinancial statements. We have still a fairly significant amount of yen-basedpricing on systems. Obviously, a lot of our installed base revenue streams areyen-based and we have, I would say, a very successful hedge program associatedwith entering an order and locking in a known statement of profitabilitythrough collection of cash. So we've got, I think, a very balanced statement of currencyin the company generally, in the case of yen, we have a hedge program. I don'tquite know how directly to answer your question. I of course hope that thehypothesis in your question is a legitimate one and hope that the trend incurrency in that regard continues to give us favor. It's a little academic forus to isolate the gain on market share and try to articulate what it means froma currency point of view.
 Steve Newberry: Relative to your question about the pricing environment andthe cost to produce memory devices on 200 millimeter, we think thatwe are at a point where on DRAM you're really below the cash cost to produce on200 millimeter.In 2007, we think probably $2 billion of wafer fab equipment was invested inconverting 200 millimetercapacity to 300 millimeter.A lot of it was Micron as they moved aggressively to 300 millimeter and convertedsome of that production to CMOS sensors and other types of devices. We alsobelieve that in Taiwan,it's all 300 millimeteron memory. In 2008, we expect it's going to be a very strong year tomove probably about 130,000 300 millimeter equivalent wafer starts of 200 millimeter production out.That means the need to spend about $4.5 billion of wafer fab equipment just toreplace that idled 200 millimetermemory output.  So clearly, Hynix, which has a very large 200 millimeter install base isgoing to move aggressively to a stronger 300 millimeter position.Toshiba will take a lot of their remaining 200 millimeter, and that's oneof the reasons we see the very strong investment in the Y4 ramp in Yokkaichi.Samsung will continue to reduce their 200 millimeter DRAM. So Iexpect a strong conversation year in 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark FitzGerald - Banc ofAmerica. 
 Mark FitzGerald - Banc of America: Given the guidance for shipments being up in the first half,would you expect seasonality here, given the consumer electronics drivenaspects of the chip industry at this point? A repeat of the 2007 quarterlyperformance where the second half of '08 is down significantly because all of thespending is concentrated in the first half?
 Steve Newberry: No, the industry is not yet really that squared away interms of those kind of consistent spending patterns. Because I think that we'veseen situations where second half of years have been stronger than first halfof years. I do think that what you really have in terms of a first half of '08being likely up from the second half of '07 is largely a function of the factthat DRAM spending has begun its decline. The foundries have been reallymodestly investing and we're down half over half.  When I say that the spending is up, I don't think that thespending is up dramatically; I think it's just trending up and it's movingupwards. If you're going end to the year flat, if you look at the trend of abig first half '07 and a weaker second half '07, if you have a slightly upfirst half '08, you can have a slightly up second half of '08 and you would theyear flattish as a function of that.  So I think what will happen is if the demand environment isweak, then the second half of '08 will tend to be weak. But if the demandenvironment is as expected or strong, then in the middle of the year, you'llsee the investment for capital expansion go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Summers - Stanford Group. 
 Tim Summers - Stanford Group: Just staying on the DRAM topic; Steve, as you look at DRAMspending in '08, do you anticipate it being front half loaded and some tail-offin the second half? Or in fact would you expect it to be reversed, strongersecond half versus first half?
 Steve Newberry: Well, that's a good question. I mean clearly what we'reseeing is that the spending for additional equipment for DRAM is in a downwardtrend and it's one that I think has been anticipated. I think it's good, and Ithink the first half for DRAM will be less spending than the second half of '07was.  My expectation is that we'll see that at least flatten out,and it's likely that DRAM spending in the second half of '08 will be stronger.But again, spending a lot of time in October of 2007 trying to speculate onwhat the second half of '08 is, I'm not sure how useful an exercise that is.  Operator, we have time for maybe one more question and thenwe'll close the call.
Operator: Your final question comes from Ben Pang - Caris. 
 Ben Pang - Caris : Under the capital spending scenario that you proposed in2008 where logic and other are up and net memory is down, can Lam Researchstill gain share? How much of that would be due to the new products?
 Steve Newberry: There's two aspects of that. One, if we talk about gainingshare in the wafer fab equipment market, clearly every dollar that we ship intoa non-etch market is a gain in market share for us. I don't think that'snecessarily going to be significant, and we'll talk more about what we expectour new products to do in 2008, inthe January conference call.  But as it relates to etch, we expect as a function of themarket share application wins that I talked about in my prepared comments, thatwe have the ability to pick up a couple more market share points. At certain points in 2008 it's going to be a function ofmix, because in any given year depending upon who's spending, that can affectthings. But if the logic/foundry arena goes up, our market share in logic andfoundry is very similar, if not the same, as our market share in memory. So asfoundry/logic becomes a greater percentage, it will not be a drag on our marketshare and it may in fact, depending upon how well we do with some otherapplication win opportunities, could very well be additive to it. But at aminimum, we'll be able to hold share because it's a very balanced share betweenmemory and logic foundry.
 Carol Raeburn: We'd like to thank you all for joining us today. There willbe a replay of this call available on our website from 5:00 p.m. and that will remain posted for 90 days. Thisconcludes our call.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-07-24 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Steve Newberry - President and CEO   Martin Anstice - CFO   Carol Raeburn - Director of IR 
Analysts: Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup   Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank   Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Robert Maire - Needham & Company   Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets   C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers   Keith Kavarsky - Goldman Sachs   Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Jenny Yun - JP Morgan   Steven Pelayo - HSBC   Stephen Chin - UBS   Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch   Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus   Zhao Ping - Caris & Company   Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lam Research June Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for your questions. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn our conference over to Carol Raeburn, Investor Relations Analyst. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Carol Raeburn: Thank you, Rose. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today to discuss the June quarter and near-term business outlook. By now you should have received a copy of today's press release which was distributed by Business Wire at approximately 1:05 p.m. Were webcasting a slide presentation in conjunction with today's commentary. The presentation can be accessed through the investor section of our website at www.lamresearch.com, and will also be available as a podcast following today's call.  Joining us today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer.  As we described in our form 8-K filed July 18, 2007, a special committee of our Board of directors is conducting a review of our historical stock option practices and generally to the accounting. As a result of this review, we are unable to present complete financial results for our June quarter.  We will not respond to questions on our financial performance related to the June quarter or our expected financial performance for the September quarter at site of the financial results and forecast contained in our prepared comments.   The following discussions will contain several forward-looking statements including those related to revenue and shipments forecast, customer demands and industry condition, as well as statements, that express the company's expectation, relief, funds and forecast. There are important factors that could cause their actual results to differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements.  Additional information concerning factors that could cause results to differ and defined on our report Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2006.  This call was scheduled to last until 3 p.m; we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. With that I will now turn the call over to Martin for a review of the financial results. 
Martin Anstice: Thank you, (Caro). Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. Last week, as you all know, we disclosed that the Lam Research Board of Directors have initiated a voluntary independent review of the accounting and reporting related to past company grounds of employee stock option.  While the activity is ongoing we do not expect it to have any impact on the companys focus on execution both operationally and financially.  As I discussed last week because of the review we are unable to present our complete financial results or complete guidance to you today. However, we can provide some limited information on the June 2007 quarter that should provide insights into our performance.  Highlights include shipments of $694 million, up 12% quarter-on-quarter. Revenues of $679 million exceeding the upper end of our forecasted range, and a gross cash and short-term investment position of slightly more than $1 billion. While we cannot give the specific operating cash flow number for you today, I will give you a few data points in a moment that should add some color through our continued strong cash generation capability.  Shipments of $694 million represented 12% increase over the March quarter, coming in at the mid point of 10% to 15% guidance range. Memory segment customers in the quarter represented 73% of total system shipments, with the NAND components accounting for approximately 31% of total memory. Logic/Other was 8% and foundry was a strong 19% of the total system shipments, favorably impacted by some customer requested plans this quarter.  For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of our shipments and revenues, please see today's press release and our website for a reconciliation of shipments revenues and deferred revenues.  While we cannot provide detail around operating expenses for the June quarter, I can't share but in general we executed the plan in terms of investments in support of our new product developments and market share growth objective.  Our total net cash balance including restricted cash was $781 million at the end of June, down from $1.244 billion at the end of March. During the quarter we completed our stock repurchase authorization buying back approximately $768 million of common stock at an average price of $52.98 per share.  We did not repay any debt during the quarter. Employee equity plans generated proceeds of $19 million to the company and capital expenditures were approximately $14 million. Taking together, the data points should provide some insight as to the strength of cash generation in the quarter, although we cannot be more specific at this time.  I also want to spend a moment on the share count following the completion of our stock repurchase authorization. If will you recall, we gave EPS guidance for the June 2007 quarter assuming a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 139 million shares, which reflected a full quarter's impact of March quarter repurchase activity but no specific guidance on June quarter repurchases.  We are pleased to report that June quarter 2007 stock repurchases totaled 14.5 million shares absolute, and shares issued to employee equity plan totaled approximately 800,000 shares.  Total shares outstanding as of June 24, 2007 were 123.5 million compared to 137.2 million at March 25, 2007. Elsewhere the differed revenue balance is higher at $296 million that is approximately $51 million of anticipated future revenue value for previously made shipments to Japanese customers, representing an increase in these combined balances of $21 million relative to the prior quarter.  Restricted cash balance is unchanged from $360 million in the previous quarter, accounts receivable days outstanding was 55 days. Depreciation and amortization was $11 million. Also employment levels held steady with the headcounts of approximately 2900.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Steve. 
Steve Newberry: Thank you Martin, and good afternoon to everyone. I am pleased with the company's outstanding June quarter, which met or exceeded my expectation across the broad range of performance metrics. In particular, the ending cash balance of the company was very strong, especially considering the aggressively purchased activity that Martin highlighted in his comments.  At our Analyst Day event in San Francisco last week, I focused my comments on the favorable outlook for wafer fab equipment spending over the 2007 to 2010 timeframe, which is supported by strong growth in IC unit demand, up approximately 14% on a compound annual basis over that period.  We responded to a number of questions at the event about our outlook for the balance of 2007 and into 2008, and I will recap an extend on that a bit here. We're forecasting overall IC units to grow 10% to 12% in calendar 2007, compared with 2006. Memory unit growth is expected to be up approximately 27% in 2007 driven by an expected 44% growth in DRAM units and approximately 42% in NAND Flash units. Faster than expected declines in average selling price of DRAMs has helped to accelerate the pace of increasing gigabyte content per PC.  PC makers are increasing their shipments of 2 gigabyte configurations to support Vista resulting in an expected average configuration of 1.7 gigabytes by the end of the calendar year. With the expected seasonal DRAM demand increases, prices are expected to stabilize over the balance of the year.  The NAND Flash market meanwhile is seeing modest increases in pricing in the second quarter and as we move into the second half of the year. With devices like the iPhone, next generation iPods, and other digital consumer electronic products expected to drive stronger unit demand in the second half of the year relative to the first half.  These demand dynamics in memory support the strengthening of our overall outlook for wafer fab equipment spending in 2007 to grow approximately 5% to 7% to the $30 billion range. Memory has strengthened as well from a previously expected 8% growth to approximately 16% to 19% for calendar 2007 compared with calendar 2006.  Within the memory segment, NAND Flash wafer fab equipment spending is expected to be down approximately 15% in calendar year 2007. However, capacity additions will begin to increase in the second half versus the first half. DRAM wafer fab equipment spending is expected to be up greater than 40% for the year with capacity additions slowing in the second half versus the first half.  Foundry and Logic other are now expected to be down approximately 5% to 7%, and microprocessor spending is now expected to be down approximately 7% for the calendar year 2007.  Moving on to NAND research specific activity, we continue to expect our revenue to be up 15% to 20% for calendar 2007 versus 2006. And shipments for calendar year 2007 are still expected to be up 5% to 10%. Lam's memory shipments in calendar year 2007 are expected to grow at 25% to 29% compared with the expected 16% to 19% growth in memory wafer fab equipment spending.  We expect our shipment performance to out pace the projected wafer fab equipment spending in both NAND and DRAM which is a strong validation of our continued market share gains in memory.  We expect that foundry shipments for Lam will be weak in the September quarter as a function of the pull-ins to June and we expect that shipments in foundry will strengthen in the December quarter. Shipments for Logic, Flash other and MPU are expected to be flat in the second half compared with the first half.  Turning to 2008, as we discussed at our Analyst Meeting last week, we believe that 50% CapEx intensity and memory is not sustainable existing 2007, and in fact the rated capacity additions has already begun to slow. The depth and duration of this reduction in capacity additions will be dictated by the actual demand environment as we go forward in the next 6 to 12 months.  Demand trends to watch here included adoption rates of major products such Vista and the iPhone, as well as, the overall demand for the broad range of other semiconductor intensive consumer digital electronic products.  As we move into 2008 it will also be important to watch the conversion of 200 millimeter memory production to 300 millimeter as memory manufactures ability to generate acceptable profits of 200 millimeter will force additional production to move to 300 millimeter.  Based on current industry dynamics, our very early assessment for calendar year 2008 is that overall wafer side equipment spending is likely to be flattish with memory spending to be down potentially 10% to 15%, and an expectation that foundry logic/other and MPU spending will increase sufficiently to offset the decline in memory spending.  Moving to LAN specific guidance for the September 2007 quarter, revenue is expected to be in the range of $668 million to $688 million essentially flat at the mid-point with the June quarter, but shipments are expected to be down in the range of 7% to 12%.  Our overall performance will continue to be driven by our growing market position in Etch which we anticipate growing from 46% in shipment share at the end of calendar 2006 to approximately three points higher by the end of 2007. We continue to see positive momentum in application wins with six new wins in the first half of calendar 2007 at the success through 4X technology nodes.  In summary, LAM Research continues to perform very well. We continue to execute our long-term strategic focus which gives us the opportunity to build a $4 billion revenue company in the 2007 timeframe. As we move forward I continue to be very pleased with the performance of LAM research employees across the company, and I thank all of them for their outstanding contributions to our success. We will now open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Citigroup. 
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi Steve, relative to your comments about capacity has fallen down in the memory space, if youd like pretty much all the memory companies that are reporting earnings, you know tonight there was one that also took up their big growths expectations for the year and they you know did -- they produced more bits in June then they had guided. It seems like pretty consistently all the memory companies are actually producing more bits and not less bits, you know thus far this year. So, I was hoping you can reconcile that relative to your comment about capacity has fallen down? Thanks. 
Steve Newberry: Okay, when I talk about capacity additions, I am talking about the shipment in additional capacity, not that there is additional capacity coming online in the wafer fab which actually has shipped in from prior periods. And so there is no question that unit output is growing, peak growth is growing and that make sense, given that we are coming into the seasonal increase in demand for memory. But if we look at the amount of shipments going into the memory fabs in the September quarter and the December quarter, the total amount of shipments is less than what we have shipped in prior periods. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes for Steve O'Rourke from Deutsche Capital. 
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you. Steve just as a follow-up to Tim's question, when you reconcile all of that, you look out at the 2008, you made a statement that memory is going to be down about 10% to 15%. Foundry and MPU will more than offset. What's giving you confidence, one that is only 10% to 15%, and two that foundry and MPU can offset, I mean how do you look at that, how do you rationalize that? 
Martin Anstice: First off, what I am providing for you is based on where we stand today which is the third week of July 2007, that this is how we see it likely to play out in 2008. And reality is as we go forward in 2007, that look at 2008 is going to go through a series of adjustments. So I think that's the first thing that people want to recognize whenever we are talking about periods that are far out in the future.  Now, specifically as it relates to why memory potentially being down 10% to 15%? And that relates to the fact that you have capital intensity today or assume to be in looking at the total spending for 2000 versus the expectation for revenue in 2000 -- that capital intensity will be 50%. Historically that level of the capacity intensity results in a rapid decline in average price per unit, which we have clearly seen, which puts enormous pressure on profitability, which we've also clearly seen as each of the memory companies has been announcing their results for second quarter.  Historically, when capacity intensity gets up into the 50% or higher range, which is indicative of excess supply relative to demand, the memory companies will begin the process of slowing down the rate at which they order delivery of new capacity editions and bring the balance of supply and demand into a better ratio. And in the case of memory, that's about 40%.  So if you look at the forecast that we have for unit demand growth for memory which we believe is about 18% for 2008; that combined with a stabilization of memory pricing that if spending in memory declines about 10% to 15% that would bring the capital intensity around to about the 40% range, which is where it needs to be to get the pricing at the point where the memory companies can generate the profitability they need to sustain the investment. So that's the rationale for the memory scenario at this point in time.  As it relates to foundry, logic/other and MPU and we believe that the capacity utilization in the foundry is beginning to rise. We believe that the logic companies who have been in a rationalization process in 2007, i.e. Texas Instruments ST, Fujitsu et cetera, that in the 2008 timeframe that will become clearer, we expect that spending from those companies whether it is in their own fabs or is in the foundries will result in an increase in foundry logic spending and we believe that Intel and AMD, who have been cutting back their capital expenditures in 2007, are more likely to increase their capital expenditures in 2008, as a function of the fact that we expect that PC demand will be much stronger in 2008. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Satya Kumar from Credit Suisse. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks Steve for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on similar lengths, a couple of thoughts here, if I look at the memory industry margins for the company it tends to be a pretty good leading indicator for CapEx and one of the reasons why we have seen such a strong memory spend at there which is surprising people, was margins were very good ending last year. When I look at the industry on a year-on-year basis I see that margins are substantially weak and I do understand that things are improving seasonally. So, when I combine that with what you are saying in terms of 40% CapEx to revenue for the memory industry and when I look at these profitably numbers, they seem to be 10% to 15% numbers in assumption that, when I think about cost of capital, that's not something that -- it's only something regarding meeting the cost of capital for next year. And secondly, as you apply this logic to Lam, when I look at your shipments, they have actually exceeded the growth of wafer fab equipment and particularly within memory it has exceeded that as well. First, memory CapEx were to be down at least 10% to 15% next year, what would that mean to Lam shipments given that you actually outperform the memory market so far? 
Martin Anstice: Okay. I want to make sure we are talking about the same thing relative to your comment about 40% capital intensity. 40% capital intensity is what I am forecasting will occur in 2008, if memory CapEx in 2008 declines 10% to 15%. Our forecast for 2007 is that memory capital intensity for the year as a whole will be 50% and so I believe we are talking the same thing where profits for memory makers were strong in 2006, a lot of capacity, which added and as a function of the capital intensity rising the supply rising relative to demand prices fall, profitability falls and we are going to need to adjust for that and slow the related capacity addition.  So, what I am suggesting is that the current capital intensity in 2007 is going to need to decline and if it reduces, the spending reduces by 10% to 15%, that should put it back in the 40% range which is a healthy number.  Now when you look at RAMs memory shipments 25% to 29% up in 2007, versus wafer fab equipment spending being up 16% to 19%, that's what we would expect given that we have seen strong market share growth for us in 2007. So if spending goes down 10% to 15%, and we expect that if we continue to win new applications in the memory space then we will have an opportunity to mitigate the impact of that decline with two or three more market share points -- market share in 2008.  We also expect to be able to mitigate that with some additional amount of revenue for new products that were not yet going to quantify, and we expect that we could mitigate whatever decline may be present by flowing through some of our differed revenue and will be taking revenue for our Japan shipments that Martin talked about are also in our differed revenue situation. So we believe that we can certainly mitigate to a certain degree a 10% to 15% decline in memory spending, but we also believe that will be helped by the fact that foundry, logic and MPU will be up in 2008. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Maire from Needham & Company. 
Robert Maire - Needham & Company: Yeah, two questions actually. If you could fill us in as to what percent of shipments or revenues were products other than additional -- in other words, the new products you rolled out over the last year or so, and if you could give us some update on that?  And secondarily, in terms of memory spending, particularly in DRAM going forward, could you give us some sense as to how much of that is 200 millimeter capacity replacement and are we now at a point where 200 millimeter fab is one of the profitable, is that sort of the second label spending that we can expect here going forward? 
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I'll take the first one there. From a revenue point of view, one of the messages that I think we can convey pretty consistently here is, we do not have segment reporting in the company, nor are we about to. So, I realized that there is interest in getting after that number what we invested a lot of time and effort in last week in the Analyst meeting -- is giving what we consider to be the very critical data to you -- relative to new product penetrations, and that's the targeted shipment and the targeted qualification windows, and that will continue to be the orientation of the closure relative to new products for the company in the coming quarters. 
Steve Newberry: So relative to your question about where we are at in the spending for the conversion of 200 millimeter to 300 millimeter? We believe that over the next three or four years, there is going to need to be about 19 billion spent to add 300 millimeter capacity to replace 200 millimeter. We believe that by the time 2007 is completed, 2 billion out of that 19 billion will have then completed. Its also possible that in 2006, another one or two may have occurred out of that 19. So its possible that there is really, 17 billion or so, 16 billion or so, that its going to need to be spent in the next three or four years. Its really hard to quantify that, but that range, and so we expect in 2008 that we are going to see that accelerate to probably 5 billion and then in 2009 and 2010 well see kind of the remainder convert out. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Hsueh from CIBC World Markets. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Hey, thanks for taking my question. My question revolves around CapEx and your guidance for flat CapEx next year. Certainly, the best guidance I have seen so far on fundamentally basing it on CapEx intensity. So I was wondering if you could help us out a little bit more here on CapEx next year. Do you see it being heavily front-half loaded again? If it is, it would suggest basically that we'd see a low point in terms of year shipment, roughly around $600 million level in December, that's the kind of work it plays back up. Is that kind of the forecast, or is that what your visibility is kind of affording right now? 
Steve Newberry: Well, Gary, I'm not going to comment on what our December shipments may or may not be at this point in time. But I do think that since we've already begun to see that the memory spending for shipments and therefore capacity that's coming into the fab declined in the second half, more specifically it's DRAM because actually NAND flash is actually beginning to increase the shipments into the fab.  And I would expect that the shipment environment that we're going to see in the third and fourth or in the September and December quarters is likely to be similar in the March quarter, and then may begin to tick back up in the June and then September and December quarters. So, I don't think that we'll see a heavily rated front-half, first half I think actually I would think in memory that the first half will be lower than the second half next year.  As it relates to foundry and logic and microprocessors, it's way too early to tell how that's going to kind of play out by quarter. But memory is a little bit more something that I think we can kind of forecast now given where it is today and the adjustments I think it needs to make, and then where it's going to end up at the end of the year in 2008. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Lehman Brothers. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good afternoon. I am going to sneak in two questions. I guess first off, Martin, I am wondering if you resolved whether or not you can buy back more shares given the options overhang? And then secondly, given that this is fiscal year end, can you share with us what your backlog is? Thank you. 
Martin Anstice: The first question is relative to stock repurchase. Well, one of the realities I hope of today's presentation -- it's clear to everybody as we exercise completely the Board authorization that was in place kind of come into the quarter. So we came in with $768 million outstanding and we executed to that plan completely.  And so currently there is no authorization from the Board to be in the market repurchasing stock. Obviously, there continues to be a dialogue at the executive level and Board level around capital structure, around optimal cash positions, around how best to return excess cash to the shareholders. But there is no decision to communicate today.  Technical answer to your question in a hypothetical situation where there was an authorization in place, is we are allowed to be in the market repurchasing stock to the extent we are not in possession of material nonpublic information. And so that is the best I can do relative to you giving your guidance counsel. But the headline that you should be walking away with from today is that there is no authorization to be bought in the market buying stock. The second question was a fiscal year back on question, we are planning to disclose that figure in the 10-K, when we file it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. 
Keith Kavarsky - Goldman Sachs: Hey, this is [Keith Kavarsky] on behalf of Jim Covello. I have a question regarding your shipment guidance for the September quarter. If I remember correctly on last quarter you talked about some of the shipments that were intended for June quarter from your memory customers being pushed out into the September quarter, I was just curious whether those shipments are in fact going to ship by the September quarter or whether there was some incremental push outs perhaps since in the December quarter? Thank you. 
Martin Anstice: Well that stands right now, those push-outs that we were talking about three months ago in the September are March standing as the rest of the planned shipments that we've expected to ship. I think that when you get to where we are in the cycle, where the shipment output begins to decline, there is always the potential that customers will begin to do some joking as it relates to exactly which path they want to ship into, particularly in the case of memory customers, where if they are producing both NAND Flash and DRAM you see a lot of movement back and forth which can result in the need to change the configuration of the product, and if that occurs in a system that's scheduled to ship in September there is always the risk that it might slip into October until there is a little bit of volatility that occurs whenever you have customers kind of looking at what their shipments are and how they want to sink them up in terms of which particular line they want those products to go into. But as it stands right now when we look at the second half, we are still comfortable that our guidance for the year are up 5% to 10% will manage us to tell when we look at the results at the end of the year. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur from Morgan Stanley. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Question for you Steve with respect to the '08 outlook, I know that last week you also mentioned your view on a flattish growth outlook for the hedge segment next year. And we recently did some analysis from the incremental dollar opportunity as your customers transition to sub 65-nanometer technology, and I think we came out with a fairly conservative view that the etch dollar opportunity actually increased by about 15% to 20% as your customers achieved to make these technology transitions, and the question for you is given, you know, that increase in number of critical etch steps and overall complexity as we make new technology transition, why wouldn't you expect the etch market to grow next year even in apply CapEx spending environment? 
Steve Newberry: I think that there is, like we heard, that etch intensity is beginning to increase, but all of our analysis would not suggest in the range of 15% to 20% because the vast majority of spending for etch today is 7x, 6x and you know if you are saying that 6x and below as opportunity goes up 15% to 20%, that would really relate to a significant growth in about the etch market today we think is about 4 billion, and so 15% to 20% is a really significant increase and so I don't think its that high, at least our analyst wouldn't suggest that. What we think is that the etch intensity may be moving from around about a 13% of wafer fab equipment to potentially 13.5% of wafer fab equipment, which more equates to a 4% or 5% type of etch intensity increase. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question cones from Jay Deahna from JP Morgan. 
Jenny Yun - JP Morgan: Hi its [Jenny Yun] in for Jay Deahna. A couple of quick questions. As you are ramping these new products, is that pressuring your gross margin in any way? I know you can't talk specific, but just generally? And also can you give us a sense of where shipments would be in the December quarter in terms of overall and among the different segments? 
Martin Anstice: I'll take the gross margin question as much as I would like to help you. Generally and specifically I am unable to talk about gross margins at this time. And then relative to shipments in December, the best I can suggest to you, because I am not giving specifics for December, is to take our shipment guidance for September and combine it with our shipments guidance for the year as a whole, and you will get a pretty good number relative to what you can expect December to be.  And there is no point in giving any specificity relative to the segments because when you are sitting here in the third week of July, lots of things start moving around in terms of what the exact shipments are that go out in December. Sorry. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Paleo from HSBC. 
Steven Pelayo - HSBC: Just a question. Steve do you think secularly if this 40% to 50% number capital intensity memory is really just the bible or should it really climb more, and unless in the face of many businesses you're going to have 40% EBITDA in terms of core tech kind of level of activity.  And then a question quickly for you in housekeeping for promoting them. You guys did break out, and its a clear injury, your top customers last year -- you had a couple of Samsung and Toshiba, 15 and 12, I was wondering if you can give us some new numbers down there in top customers. You don't want to be specific on it, may be qualitatively, if we speak to how many top 10%, and it may be the existing to increase or decrease that would further support your market share gain point? Thanks. 
Steve Newberry: Okay Steve, so relative to the sustainability of a 40% capital intensity, looking back over a long period of time when the ratio is 40%, the semiconductor memory manufacturers are profitable. When it gets into the 50% and above range, its when they are not profitable and so I think that 40% is sustainable. I think that certainly there is a ratio of growth that would suggest that if you keep the supply and demand relationship high so that pricing does not fall faster than capital intensity per unit, that you probably could sustain even a 41% or 42% capital intensity. But the reality is that spending can grow up aggressively as a function of unit growth or unit compounded annual growth.  But if supply gets out in front of demand, prices will fall. And if prices fall too much, then the ratio is poor, whether you use capital per unit, ASP per unit, or you just use overall CapEx versus revenue. And we see it time and time again that that ratio has to be kept in the 40% range if you are looking at CapEx versus revenue, or the profitability that's generated by the industry is not sufficient to sustain that level of investment.  And historically, the rate of investment drops which then causes supply to fall, matches up with demand, ASP rises and profitability rises. So, it's a pretty predictable trend. The only question is making sure that you get the revenue right, you get the capital right, and you get those ratios right. And then you look at what the expected going forward environment is relative to unit demand, assumptions around ASPs which are going to give you the revenue that's going to be generated by that unit demand, and that kind of tells you what the affordability is of what you can spend on CapEx and keep the profitability at the right level. 
Steve Newberry: And relative to the second part of the question, we've obviously planned the customer-specific disclosure for the fiscal year in the filing of 10-K and respectively quality requirements of the process, so we have no disclosure today. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Chin from UBS. 
Stephen Chin - UBS: Hey, great. Thank you. Steve, given all the information you have now, do you get the sense of this September or December quarter to be likely marked the top quarter for LAM's shipments in this spending cycle? And just secondly, do you have any color that you can provide on any shipments by geography going forward? 
Steve Newberry: I will take the first part and we will take a look at whether there is any subsequent change in the geographical shipment distribution that we expect in the second half in just a moment. I would expect, and if you look at our shipping guidance for September and you take our shipment guidance for the year, that December will have slightly lower shipments than September if everything goes forward with the customers who are planning to take shipments today.  And so if you look at the 7% to 12% down shipment guidance for September and you look at the shipments for the year, it would tell you that shipments are -- we are shipments to be lower in December. Whether that represents below for where we are in the cycle, I think we are going to have to see how memory spending plays out, because I think that at the end of the day, given that memory spending is probably now about 60% of wafer fab equipment spending in 2007, certainly memory is a very important factor in terms of where things go as we head into the first of 2008. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Hodess. 
Steve Newberry: Well hang on, we are going to answer the second part of question. Sorry. 
Martin Anstice: There was the geographic you mentioned, to shipments of second half of the year; it is not a kind of very strong trends but if I would communicate anything, I would say in the second half particularly more so in the December quarter, the trend is probably advising a little strengthening in Japan and a little retaining in Asia, and that's the strengthening or weakening statement relative to the percentages of total system shipments. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Hodess from Merrill Lynch. 
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: Steve, lastly at the analyst meeting you did a great job, talking about the new products and the opportunities, if attach to given us some sort of objective you had in terms of shipments and revenue in recognition for those I know quantitative to 1.18 segment reporting, but I was wondering -- I didn't catch the meeting if you updated sort of the shipments and how much revenue you are going to expect from new products from the second half of the year, if the timing of that was still on track or changed any? 
Martin Anstice: Okay. What we had talked about was that we will have shipped the revenue equivalent of about $80 million worth of new products which includes new products that we actually ship and take revenue. New products that we ship in to evaluations, new products that we ship into JDP's and that what we found is that the penetration cycle in 2007 is taking a little bit longer than we anticipated because our products are primarily targeted for the 4x technology note and I think as everybody is aware, on a lot of the decisions around Forex technology no decisions have been pushing out later into time.  And so what we talked about was that the pace of our penetrations is on track to what we have wanted to achieve and expect to achieve in 2007, but how many of those shipments actually will turn to P&L reportable revenue is going to be less than what we had originally anticipated. But given that our objective in 2007 is certainly not revenue generation and any of the revenue that occurs from new products has always been factored in as upside to our revenue forecast for the year, we are very pleased with and we are very focused on continuing to make the kind of progress that we are making into the shipments that represent penetration opportunities and then getting those penetrations converted to acceptances and then getting the production shipments that follow -- which we would expect will occur primarily in the 2008 time frame relative to the shipments that we are making today.  And so we'll comment later on, probably early in 2008, well have some commentary about how we think our new products are shaping up and what their combined, collective contribution to 2008 revenues will be at that time. So anything I would add is -- obviously Steve in his prepared comments made the point that we continue to expect our revenue for the total company to be up 15 to 20 percentage points calendar 2007 over 2006. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel Nicolaus. 
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot. Steve can you describe did you see any changes in the quarter or shipment close to the foundries; are they being more gradual, are they being, I guess, more seasonal or are they ordering or shipping while receiving the shipments in typical fashion? 
Steve Newberry: The foundries have been and I've kind of looked at this over the last six to eight quarters -- they are up one quarter down one quarter; up one quarter down one quarter, and I think a lot of us expected that the shipments into the foundries in the second half of the year were going to be higher than the first half, at least that's what we thought in the January and February timeframe, it now looks like what the foundries did was they accelerated their shipments into the foundries in the June quarter which is creating this weaker shipment posture in the September quarter, and then we see that currently the December quarter is stronger.  And so what I look at -- capacity utilization that rose in the second quarter, we expect capacity utilization in the foundries to rise again in the third quarter from all of my discussions with the foundry customer say that they expect that the first quarter of '08 will be a strong quarter when its typically seasonally their weakest quarter. So they are relatively optimistic about what the demand profile is going to be for wafers in the first half of '08, and if that's the case than this uptick in shipments that we see in September has a good opportunity to manifest in strong shipments in the first half of '08 as well. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Zhao Ping from Caris & Company. 
Zhao Ping - Caris & Company: Hi, yes, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go with the numbers for the shipment guidance versus your wafer fab equipment growth in 2007 and how that matches up with the new business that you talked about. You commented that your 5% to 7% wafer fab equipment growth and your shipments were up 5% to 10% and you also gained three market share percentage points in 2007. And youd point half of that when you add the additional 80 million shipments in new product? 
Steve Newberry: The shipments for new products that we were talking about -- there are some shipments for new products that are in that number, but approximately half of the shipments that I talked about, specifically the shipments that go into (EVAL) and shipments that go into JDPs, we do not include those in our shipment numbers that you hear us talk about. When those products are accepted by the customer, then they will be booked and shipped and revenued in the same quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Fitzgerald from Banc of America. 
Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America: Thanks. My question for Martin here is about the forecast that Steve has given us  is this correct, is there anything from a capital spending point of view or investment in new products that would suggest cash flows are going to change dramatically in the next fiscal year? 
Martin Anstice: Next fiscal year seems a long way away to answer that question, but I would say I dont feel super-motivated today, because there are so many different things than we talked about in April, certainly from that timeframe point of view. We talked about targeting cash from operations in the 25% of revenues. And although I can't speak to that specifically today, I think there is a long-term strategic target for the company. That's an appropriate metric for us to focus on. And last quarter one of the things that I did communicate is relative to our investments in operating expenses, the pace of expansion in operating expenses that we had seen a couple of quarters in a row was a kind of slowing down. And again although I can't speak to the specifics today, generally that statement is helpful to you today as it was in April. Hope that helps you a little bit. 
Carol Raeburn: We have time for two more questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow-up question from Timothy Arcuri. 
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi, Steve. In terms of the shipments, you came in just about at the mid-point of the shipment guidance. But you are saying that there were some family problems at the end of the quarter so something else had to be pushed out. And so what was that and where did it push you? Thanks. 
Steve Newberry: Well, what hold in was not. I mean we knew at the start of the quarter that there were pull-ins that occurred. And we didn't speak specifically at the April conference call about what the make-up of foundry and the other segments were going to be in the June quarter. And what we saw was we knew that in our shipment plan -- because by the time we communicated on the conference call, we had already gotten the word from our foundry people. They wanted those things to be pulled in, and what you never know is whether or not what's going to follow it is additional orders and additional request for deliveries in September. But as it turned out, that was an acceleration.  So we had already encountered that but we didn't specifically talk about the fact that our guidance being up 10% to 15% was a function of just pull in that activity, etcetera. So I hope that somewhat helps you because what we see here today, we are three weeks into, even four weeks into our quarter. So we have a pretty good ability to know what's going to happen in the shipment environment and we will think certainly have the potential to change. One of the reasons why we talk about shipments, because it's a much more predictable and co-relatable event in terms of ultimately looking at what you can expect our revenues to be. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is a follow-up from Satya Kumar. Please go ahead. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Few housekeeping questions actually. Could you give an estimate as to what your shipments were for calendar '06 IDM, NAND, foundry and logic? And could you also give me a sense as to how the break-up will be in calendar Q3 of this year? 
Steve Newberry: Well, we know what those shipments were and what I will tell you rather than potentially pouring some of the people who may not yes to no those numbers, I will give you some generalities. NAND flash as I commented in my commentary, we expect our NAND flash shipments will be higher in '07 than they were in '06, even though NAND flash spending will be down 15%. Our spent year-over-year for DRAM as well as other memory will be up about 48% relative to DRAM spending and other memory spending, or our DRAM spending that's probably up 40 something percent low 40s. But again indicative of market share gains and then when we look at logic and others and microprocessor and foundry and we've had combined all of that our shipments will be down in '07 and the spending in those areas we believe will be down in '07. And as a function of mix as it stands right now we might be down a little bit more in '07 than but the markets doing -- its kind of hard to say and a lot of that has to do with some of our customers, particularly in the 300 millimeter IDM logic space, just aren't spending this year. And some of the spending that is going on in certain segments in microprocessor, I think, everybody knows we don't really have any revenue with the biggest microprocessor spending. So those things can affect what happens to our market share and our shipments in those segments without affecting our application market share. And then given that our current view is that memory spending is about 60% of wafer fab equipment and Foundry and Logic and MPU is down to 40%, we are still going to have that three market share points gain in '07 because of our very strong and even improving market share in memory. So with that I will turn it back over to Carol. 
Carol Raeburn: Thank you everyone. That's all we have time for this afternoon. I would like to thank you again for dialing into this afternoon's call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the LAM Research June Quarter financial results conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation and please have a pleasant day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-04-12 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Martin Anstice - CFO   Steve Newberry - President, CEO   Julie Cimino  IR 
Analysts: Bill Ong - American Technology Research   Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets   Tim Arcuri - CItigroup   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse   Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank   Robert Maire - Needham & Company   C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers   Chris Blansett  JP Morgan   Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities   Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest   Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus   Steven Paleo - HSBC   Zhao Ping - Caris & Company   Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch   Stephen Chin - UBS 
Operator:  Welcome to the March quarter 2007 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Julie Cimino, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
 Julie Cimino:  Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the quarter ending March 25, 2007 and the business outlook for the June 2007 quarter. By now you should have received a copy of today's press release which was distributed by Business Wire at approximately 1:10 p.m. We are webcasting a slide presentation in conjunction with today's commentary. The presentation can be accessed through the investor section of our website at www.LamResearch.com and will also be available as a podcast following today's call.  Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer.  Except for historical information, the information Lam is about to provide and the questions Lam answers during the call may contain certain forward-looking statements including, but not limited to: statements that relate to the company's future revenue, margins, and operating expenses, management's plans and objectives for future operations and product development, management's plans for continuing the company's stock repurchase program, global economic conditions including consumer sentiment and customer spending and the demand acceptance and competitiveness of the company's products.  These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, and changes in conditions, significance, value, and effect that could cause results to differ materially and in ways not readily foreseeable and which are detailed in the company's SEC reports. We encourage you to read those reports in their entirety.  Lam would also like to disclaim any obligation to correct or update any of the information we are about to provide. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m., and we ask that you please limit your questions to one per firm. I will now turn the call over to Martin for a review of the financial results. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
 Martin Anstice:  Thank you, Julie. This afternoon we will discuss our March 2007 quarter financial results. Highlights of today's reported earnings include shipments of $620 million -- slightly stronger than anticipated -- revenues of $650 million at the high end of our guidance range with a gross margin of 50.2%; compelling operating income performance of 29.1% of revenues supporting our investments in long-term profitable growth opportunities; cash from operations of approximately $151 million in the quarter, contributing to a free cash flow yield of approximately 7.7% at today's closing share price level and March ending diluted share counts.  Diluted EPS of $1.15 compared to our $1.05 guidance mid-point, $0.05 of the improvement from operating performance, and $0.05 from our tax strategy and corporate finance agenda combined.  Share repurchase resulting in a reduction of share counts of 5.2 million shares absolute and 1.8 million shares weighted in the quarter.  As we have explained for some time now and reinforced through the quarter, we are refocusing our disclosure going forward on what we consider higher quality content. Accordingly, actual and guidance commentary today is focused on shipments and revenues and not orders and backlog. Of course, consistent with our fiscal year reporting obligations, we will report backlog in the 10-K.  Shipments at $620 million were marginally stronger than we had anticipated representing a sequential decrease of 4% from the December 2006 quarter. Our leading edge application strength continues to be illustrated by 300mm applications, representing approximately 85% of total systems shipments and applications at less than or equal to the 90-nanometer technology node representing 95%.  Memory segment customers in the quarter represented 78% of total systems shipments with the NAND component accounting for approximately 25% of total memory. Logic other was 12%, and foundry was 10% of the total system shipments. This shipment segmentation is generally consistent with the profile reported in January for our December quarter orders. Revenue of $650 million was at the high point of our guidance range with gross margin for the quarter slightly exceeding expectations at 50.2%.  As previously communicated, we have generally concluded our targeted consumable spare parts pricing reductions in the quarter. We continue to target a regional sourcing strategy to leverage cost in consumer service improvement opportunities going forward. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of our shipments and revenues, please see today's press release and our website for a reconciliation of shipments, revenues, deferred revenues, and the free cash flow yield previously spoken to.  Operating expenses for the company of $137 million increased as planned by approximately $9 million, the majority concentrated in R&D reflecting additional headcounts, the impact of merit, seasonally high payroll taxes and the recent all-employee RSU focal round.  To clarify classifications of our income statements, all the costs associated with our investment in new products are expensed to R&D in the period incurred including materials, labor, and overhead for evaluation units shipped to customers. Products released and the realization of certain markets and commercial thresholds are the triggering events for more traditional accounts and presentation that includes inventory valuation, deferred costs on shipments, and ultimately costs of goods sold on revenues. We have entered this inventory versus expense accounting regime for the bevel, patterning, and MEMs products which, as noted in our press release today were released this quarter.  Taken together, our market share driven revenue expansion and operational execution drive operating income performance of 29.1% of revenues, again stronger than anticipated. Our total net cash balance including restricted cash was $1.2 billion at the end of March. We generated cash from operations of $151 million, inventory performance was 5.7 turns, accounts receivable day sales outstanding was 65 days. Deferred revenue and deferred profit balances are $277 million and $166 million respectively. In addition, there is approximately $49 million of anticipated future revenue value for previously made shipments to Japanese customers. We repaid $50 million of our long-term debt; consequently restricted cash balance is reduced.  In the quarter, we used $239 million to repurchase slightly more than 5.2 million shares at an average price of $45.78. We have $768 million remaining in our board-approved stock repurchase authorization at the end of the quarter. Compared to our guidance assumption of 144.5 million shares, the earnings per share benefit of the repurchase activity was approximately $0.01.  Our efficient tax strategy facilitated a number of discreet tax items that contributed to the quarterly rate of 19.1% compared to the guidance assumption of 22%, again driving EPS benefit of approximately $0.04 when compared to our guidance.  In the quarter, capital expenditures were $19 million, depreciation and amortization was $12 million. We received $11 million from the exercise of employee equity plans. Equity compensation expense was $11 million, including $2 million cost of goods sold, $5 million R&D, $4 million SG&A.  As we invest in our organization to support our expanding Etch market share and multi-product growth opportunities, employment levels increased by about 100 in the quarter to approximately 2,900. These additions were concentrated in R&D, field service and operations.  Now to Steve's comments. 
 Steve Newberry:  Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for our March quarter conference call. To start with I want to state how pleased I am with how the company executed in the March quarter both financially and operationally. We had a number of key accomplishments in the quarter highlighted by the release to market of three new products: our 2300 Bevel-Clean system, our 2300 Motif patterning system, and our deep silicon Etch MEMs product.  In addition, we were successful in winning a number of key 45-nanometer applications for both dielectronic and silicone Etch applications in memory as well as logic. These decisions support our objective of continued market share consolidation and gains while validating the competitiveness of our next generation Etch products as well as the trust our customers have in the capability of our integrated global organization.  Looking at the big picture, progress remains well in line with our multi-year strategic plan. As we have communicated over the past year, this plan is built around three central themes:  First, strong growth in IC unit demand driven largely by consumer electronics applications that increasingly require more semiconductor content, leading to the need for approximately $150 billion in wafer fab equipment investment over the 2007 through 2010 timeframe.  Second, Lam's development of new products adjacent to the Etch market that provide the opportunity to double our served available market and potentially grow the company 2.5 times faster than the overall total growth in wafer fab equipment spending through 2010.  Third, continuing to leverage our business model to generate best in class financial performance while consolidating and growing our current Etch market share position.  With that as a context, I will provide some color around each of these key strategic elements starting with the industry environment. As we have progressed through the year-to-date, customer plans for capacity additions in calendar year 2007 remained essentially on track with what we laid out for you on our January conference call. We continue to expect an increase of wafer fab equipment spending of about 5% in 2007 and IC unit growth is expected to be about 10%. as we progress through a period of adjustment in the rate of expansion for additional wafer start capacity and long-term unit demand trends remain firmly in place.  Memory is the obvious dominant factor driving IC unit growth. Relative to the outlook presented in January, it has become clear in recent weeks that there will be a smoothing of memory-related shipments this year from what we previously saw as a roughly 65% to 35% split between first and second half shipments to what looks more like a 55% to 45% slit today. All told, this smoothing of memory deliveries does not materially change our view of the disciplined spending growth in memory this year or of Lam's overall shipment expectation for 2007.  More specifically relative to the memory market, we continue to expect approximately $17 billion of spending for wafer fab equipment with about two-thirds of that targeted towards DRAM capacity expansion and one-third toward NAND Flash which represents approximately a 20% increase in DRAM investment and a 15% decline in NAND Flash investment year over year. The current pricing environment for DRAM and NAND Flash is generally consistent with our expectations of how industry supply/demand dynamics will play out over the calendar year.  We expect that as we move forward through the year we will see deceleration of the current price declines in DRAM, resulting in an anticipated average year-over-year price decline of 30% to 35% while NAND Flash pricing will be in a stable to upward environment resulting in an anticipated average year-over-year price decline of 60% to 65%.  Going forward, we expect that increasing demand will utilize the available supply output. This outlook supports that forecasted wafer fab equipment spending growth in total memory of about 8% this calendar year is reasonably aligned to the expected demand.  Spending activity in the foundry segment is increasing as we go forward relative to March as fabs begin to move more aggressively to the 65-nanometer node. Lam, with greater than 50% market share in this segment, is well positioned to benefit from the increasing investment in foundry capacity. In fact, this segment represents the single biggest market share expansion for Lam in the migration from 90-nanometers to 65-nanometers. Meanwhile, spending by IDMs for logic, microprocessors and analog is currently tracking within the range of plus or minus 5% that was discussed in January.  With our outlook for wafer fab equipment spending remaining relatively unchanged, let me comment now on our progress relative to our adjacent market expansion initiative. As mentioned, three new products were released to market as planned in the March quarter. These three releases in addition to our previously released productivity enhancing software tools support our ability to deliver the new product shipment and revenue targets we laid out for 2007. We also continue to make excellent progress toward release of our new clean system later this year with four to six new evaluation units scheduled for delivery this quarter. This product continues to show differentiated results on the wafer at the 45-nanometer node, and we're pleased with the positive customer feedback on the product.  As we've discussed over the last quarter, we have accelerated development of the product's front end aligned cleaning capability on so that our offering will address both front end and back end applications. This pulls forward by approximately one year our ability to address an expanded served available market at the time of product release. Our development activities are in sync with the timing of our customer's needs for production worthy technically enabling solutions for the 45-nanometer node.  I will now turn to the third key strategic element, leveraging our business model to deliver superior financial performance while consolidating and building on our Etch market share gains. As previously discussed, Lam gained about 9 percentage points in shift market share in 2006. We have consistently grown market share at each succeeding technology node, achieving a 50% market share position at the 65-nanometer node.  Looking forward, we are well positioned as we start to see customer decisions being made at the 45-nanometer node. We are focused on reinforcing our technology leadership and productivity positions to consolidate and then grow share at 45-nanometer and below. While few decisions have been made to date at 45-nanometer, we did win five key technical decisions that were made in the quarter, and we expect to win many more over the next 12 to 18 months.  Let me comment now on our financial performance expectations. Revenue is expected to come in at $655 million to $675 million in the June quarter. We see sequential June quarter over March quarter shipment growth of 10% to 15%. With the lower than expected decline in March quarter shipments and the general smoothing of delivery timing in memory discussed earlier, we are now targeting 2% to 4% shipment growth for the first half of 2007 versus the second half of 2006, and we continue to anticipate 5% to 10% calendar year sequential shipments growth now biased to the high end of that range.  Additionally, we expect that revenue for calendar year 2007 based on the 5% increase in wafer fab equipment spending scenario for calendar year 2007 will now grow higher than previously expected to 15% to 20% over calendar 2006 with EPS in the $4.50 to $4.70 range.  Revenue for the June quarter in the described range should result in a gross margin of 50% and operating margins of 29% plus or minus 1%. We anticipate EPS in a range of $1.13 to $1.17 which assumes a tax rate in the range of 21.5% and reflects a share count of 139 million shares incorporating the full quarter impact of our March quarter repurchase activity.  In summary, Lam's near-term performance remains very strong, and our longer-term opportunities remain compelling. I continue to be delighted with the performance of our employees across Lam Research and want to thank them for their hard work and outstanding results.  We will now open for questions. 
Operator:  Our first question comes from Bill Ong - American Technology Research. 
 Bill Ong - American Technology Research:  If you had 100% Etch market share right now, what would your current business mix be between memory, logic and foundry? When do you think you can close that gap to be more properly balanced with global Etch spending? 
 Steve Newberry:  If we had 100% Etch market share? 
 Bill Ong - American Technology Research:  Yes. What I meant is that you're definitely very skewed towards memory. So if you actually had evenly balanced spending within the Etch market, what would the mix be? 
 Steve Newberry: Memory is about 52% of total wafer fab equipment spending, I think foundry is about 20%, microprocessors about 12%, and then general purpose logic and analog would be the remainder. 
 Martin Anstice: Bill, I would probably add something here. I think in the transition from 90- to 65-nanometer, one of the things we try to emphasize pretty consistently here is that the sensitivity and bias to spending levels dissipates some. We are, we believe, greater than 50% share in memory, greater than 50% in general purpose logic, and greater than 50% share in foundry, and that's a headline at 65 that's obviously slightly different than the headline at 90-nanometers. 
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets. 
 Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Steve, did I hear you correctly, you said shipments up 10% to 15% quarter over quarter in June due to some of the smoothing in the memory business? 
 Steve Newberry:  That's correct. 
 Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Relative to your prior guidance taking the mid-point of March, you're basically falling short in terms of shipments in June by roughly around $65 million. I don't know if you talk about orders. I know you don't, but are those orders basically pushed or are you getting this longer visibility on orders? What's driving that push out in terms of shipments? That roughly $65 million I would have expected you to see in June? Because I frankly think that fundamentals of memory remain intact, like you said. 
 Steve Newberry:  Yes, I think it is not an order environment issue. If we look at where we were in January and if you look at the broad range of memory suppliers whether they're first tier or second tier, we had many of those companies requesting deliveries in the June quarter. Over the last four to six weeks a number of those companies for a variety of reasons have come back and some of them have said, well, actually we want it in July/August instead of May/June.  Sometimes it is a facilities issue. Sometimes it is a decision about whether they want to go with DRAM as planned or they're shifting to NAND, so we see a lot of that activity going on. What we basically have seen is that some of that front-end loading that we talked about in terms of 65% of planned memory shipments occurring in the first half, it is, like I mentioned, it is now 55/45, and not all that surprising that we've actually seen the smoothing that now is in place. But it is not about orders, it is about requested delivery dates. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Arcuri - Citigroup. 
 Tim Arcuri - CItigroup: If I look at the cash balance, it is about 20% of the market cap, and I can certainly appreciate that you just had the sizable buyback announcement. I look at how much money you're making and I hear how bullish you are in memory, and I think that there is quite a bit of memory left out there to be converted from 200 up to 300mm. It is kind of inconceivable that you are going to even get anywhere close to losing money in the next couple years.  So I guess I am a little surprised that your buyback is not even bigger and that you're not getting even more aggressive. I think you can layer some debt on the balance sheet, you can do something a lot more aggressive than you're doing. What's stopping you from doing that? Thanks. 
 Martin Anstice:  I think the answer is pretty consistent with the answer for the last year or so. We do feel that we have responsibility to the shareholders to return excess cash to them, and we have a chosen vehicle for doing that, it is the stock repurchase. The board of directors along with the executive team takes that responsibility very seriously, and we put in context the full spectrum of opportunities to return value to the shareholders. We have an authorization. We're executing it exactly as planned, and that really is as much as I can characterize for you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: On the memory spending, Steve, do you think the DRAM guys are going to continue if they fall into significant loss-making in Q2 and Q3? 
 Steve Newberry:  Well, that's a good question. I think historically you would say that they would most likely not continue to invest at necessarily the same pace that they're planning to, but the reality is I am not the best person to ask that question. You would really have to ask the memory manufacturers.  I do think that some of these manufacturers who are able to both produce DRAM and NAND have some additional flexibility today that wasn't necessarily present in prior cycles, and so I would expect that we'll continue to hear examples of various companies who will modify what their plans were in terms of how many DRAM starts. They may increase them or reduce them and flex to NAND, et cetera.  I do think that what you have here is a situation where 8% increase in wafer fab equipment investment in '07 versus '06, if the demand scenario plays out as we think it will, then I think the supply/demand situation will be in a reasonably good balance and we'll see this year play out as we're talking about. But if the demand doesn't materialize and supply gets out in front of it, then things could certainly change. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse. 
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: A question on market share. You guys have talked about in the past of getting your market share to 46% in calendar '06 but the DataQuest number showed you guys only at 40%. Were you guys perhaps under estimating the progress you were making in the Etch segment or can you explain what's leading to the discrepancy?  Secondly I don't know if you gave out a number for your new product revenues this year, wonder if I missed that, if you could just help us with that. Thanks. 
 Steve Newberry:  So DataQuest produces two charts. One is a big broad Etch market that includes a number of activities that really aren't in what we would call the Etch market. In other words, they include compounds, semiconductors, Photomask; activities which we don't. If you look at the DataQuest data for Etch market share for dielectric and conductor films, then DataQuest has us at 42%.  The big delta between why we believe we're at 45%, 46%, and they have us at 42% is I am talking about shipment-based market share which very closely correlates to customer CapEx and wafer fab equipment spending. DataQuest uses revenue-based reporting which in our case institutes a two to three-month delay between as our shipments have grown our revenue lags. If you calculate that delay represents about $120 million or about 3 market share points, and so if you did it on the basis of shipment, their numbers would show us in the 45% range. 
 Martin Anstice:  To the last part of your question, Satya, we didn't communicate a new number on new product revenues, but we did communicate that we were still targeting the amount we discussed previously. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley. 
 Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Steve, while memory has been strong, the foundries as you mentioned have been fairly disciplined on the capacity expansion front thus far. What is the shape of the shipment trends you think as we move into the second half of the year as overall utilizations improve and as some of the 65-nanometer chip designs start to ramp into production? 
 Steve Newberry:  What we're seeing and what I commented in my commentary was that shipments to the foundries are beginning to accelerate, and the June quarter shipments for foundry will be higher than March. We would expect that as we go forward throughout the rest of the year that the second half shipments for foundry will be greater than the first half shipments for foundry, and that's consistent with what most of us have felt we would see going on in the foundry industry as they go through their typical first quarter utilization lull and they begin to ramp up. In this case with this year you have got a significant amount of activity related to 65-nanometer tapeouts and that activity is really going forward full bore, and so I expect that we'll see a good foundry investment profile as the year plays out. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. 
 Steve ORourke - Deutsche Bank: Deferred revenue was down a little bit quarter over quarter. This is the first time I think it's declined in about five quarters. What prompted the decline, and should we expect deferred revenue to be down in the June quarter? 
 Martin Anstice:  The pattern of deferred revenues, I have characterized this quite a lot in the last quarter. At the end of the day we ship to customers when they need product, and we revenue our systems when we successfully and have the customer agree that we have installed and performed to the specification that we sold. So ultimately the customer has a tremendous amount of control over both of those things. We can influence them for sure, but there is an ebb and a flow around the period of time it takes from shipment to acceptance. In fact, that range was in the kind of one to five-month range, I would say six to nine months ago. It is probably closer to two to five months today.  I don't think there is a material message to convey to you today relative to deferred revenues. It does ebb and flow, and what is obviously the most fundamental way to characterize that is the shipment guidance that we've given you for June and the revenue guidance for June which together derive the deferred revenue number at the end of this coming quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Maire - Needham & Company. 
 Robert Maire - Needham: You mentioned that you expect to ship four to six Clean units in the quarter. When could we expect to see those come to revenue? Related to that, when you announced the Clean product a year ago, you also announced a strip product, but I don't see it in any of the materials or I didn't hear anything related to it in your comments. Are we to take from that that perhaps that is a little slow in coming or is that on track or if you could give us an update on the Strip product as well? 
 Steve Newberry:  Okay. Robert, what I talked about was that we expect to ship four to six eval systems this quarter, not last quarter. We're on track to do that. As I previously commented, we expect to take revenue on Clean systems later in the year. Whether that actually occurs in the September quarter will be a function of eval, completion, timing with some of the customers, and so I think it is better to think in terms of that most of the Clean revenues are going to be associated with the December quarter.  As it relates to Strip, we actually released a new strip chamber that targets a number of some advanced integrated Etch and Strip capability as well as some standalone Strip capability last year. It is relatively low levels of product shipments, and so we really haven't spent a lot of time really talking about the Strip market.  We build Strip revenues into the Etch revenues because fundamentally, while you do have a standalone Strip segment that's serviced by the companies that have those significant dedicated products, the vast majority of our Strip revenue comes as a function of being integrated onto a platform with Etch chambers and so we've just built that in there. You're correct to point out that we haven't talked about it, but fundamentally it is in the midst of what we're doing right now, and it has been for a couple quarters. 
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers. 
 C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Steve, on the January call you cited one DRAM, one logic, and one foundry for the delay in shipments. Can you talk about what's driving the smoothing now? Is it only memory and if so can you comment on the mix between DRAM and NAND? 
 Steve Newberry:  I want to be careful how I characterize it. I would say to you that in every single quarter that exists in any period of time, there is always movement of shipments, schedules, whether you're in the midst of a huge upturn or the biggest downturn you ever saw. There is always instability of in and out.  So I think the best way rather than think about company specific activity is to kind of look at it and say if you look at the fact that instead of being first half shipping up 5 to 10, we're going to first-half ship up 2 to 4, so we're 25 million to 50 million short of being in that 5% or 6% up. You can characterize that the majority of what that is is memory companies who back in the January timeframe indicated to us that they were wanting us to plan and slot for them deliveries in the May/June timeframe. Since that time they have come to us and said, a number of them, we actually wanted it in July and August instead. There was enough of that that it resulted in $50 million or $60 million moving out. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Blansett  JP Morgan. 
 Chris Blansett - JP Morgan: My question is related to an earlier one about foundry shipments picking up and I wasn't sure how the other logic makers were picking up for their 65-nanometer build outs. When you exit into the second half of the year how do you expect the shipment mix to be in the second half versus the first with a logic versus memory breakout? 
 Steve Newberry:  Well, that's an interesting question these days, Chris, because the advanced logic space as it relates to non-microprocessor advanced logic is really in a state of significant change. As you know, a lot of those advanced logic manufacturers, whether you're talking about the old Freescale or NXP, ST, TI, Fujitsu, TI has announced that they're fundamentally moving to a foundry-based supply model. Freescale and NXP as a function of being acquired by private equity are focusing more on an orientation of shipping, let's say, current generation to trailing-generation type of devices and going to the foundries for advanced logic type activities.  So we're kind of in the middle of a situation where part of the pickup for what's going on in the foundries is that with this movement of major logic IDM companies away from their own manufacturing models, we're going to see more and more of that manifest itself in foundry.  I think that when we said that microprocessor, logic and analog was going to be plus or minus 5% for the year, we're probably starting to see with some of the microprocessor activity and some of the major logic guys that it is probably starting to trend toward the middle to the lower end of that activity for 2007. The question will be when you look at the totality of foundry and logic, will it just move from one space to the other space, which is what I expect will happen. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities. 
 Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: Steve, on the explanation for the memory shipments facility issues in DRAM/NAND mix here, I assume that's coming from your customers. Do you actually buy that given that at the same time we've seen memory prices really collapse here?  A follow-onto that would be what level of confidence do you have that these delays don't get pushed out further? That's kind of the history of the business, we see these things once they slip really is the beginning of something far worse? 
 Steve Newberry:  I think that if you talk to the customers, the first thing they would say to you is, well, we never formally committed relative to the hard copy purchase orders for deliveries in May/June that companies may now be talking about, we're asking for deliveries in July/August. So they wouldn't characterize that this shipment environment that I am describing to you is them pushing anything. What they would characterize it as -- and I am not disagreeing with them at all -- is that given the fact that lead times in this industry are short, customers who want deliveries in that May/June time frame, they didn't deliver their purchase orders until late in the March quarter. It's not unusual at all now that you don't get purchase orders until three or four months before shipments. So by the time you actually get the purchase order, many times it will reflect a much more accurate view that the customers have in terms of the exact timing that they want.  So I don't view that it is surprising that a lot of these memory orders have kind of smoothed out from a earlier communication that it would be more front end loaded, and in fact last year the same thing happened that at the beginning of the year it was expected that a lot of memory shipments would be very much front-end loaded and as it turned out they spread themselves out over the year. I think we're seeing the same thing.  So relative to the pricing environment, I think that pricing is very much occurring as we would expect it to given the seasonality that's associated with the memory market these days and the pricing is consistent with those expectations. As I said in my commentary, I think that the pricing environment will stabilize, and I think that what we'll find is that the actual additions of capacity and the actual outputting of supply will be reasonably well aligned to the expected demand environment that they're going to be shipping into. So I view their behavior as rational, and I do expect them to take the deliveries that they're scheduling as we go forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest. 
 Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest: Martin, I thought that given your cash balances here that you would have a bias to be holding some debt here. Why did debt decline by $50 million in the quarter?  Why did you under spend on SG&A? I believe your guidance from last quarter was for about a 28% operating margin, but you came in about 100 basis points better.  Lastly in your share count what is your share count associated with your calendar year '07 EPS guidance? 
 Martin Anstice:  The share count assumption in the scenario that Steve articulated at the outset here was the same as the guidance we gave for G&A, it was 139 million shares. We haven't taken any speculative attempt to anticipating how the next nine months or so rolls out here.  In terms of the operating expense part of your question, generally that's a good thing. I think if we spend a little less than we originally anticipated and don't undermine the progress of the growth initiatives of the company, and clearly we gave guidance implicitly at least as a function of the operating income guidance we gave, we gave guidance at or around the $141 million level, and I was saying pretty consistently through the quarter plus or minus $1 million or $2 million. So again I don't think there is a fundamental message for you there in terms of operating expenses.  As far as your debt question was concerned, obviously there is a cost to having debt, and if we had a strategy in place to have debt for the sake of leverage, then clearly it would be the wrong thing to go do. We don't have that strategy today, and if we get to that point, we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. So to the extent that there is a cost to have debt that exceeds the other uses of cash, it makes perfect sense to systematically process through repayments of that arrangement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus. 
 Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: In terms of your 45-nanometer wins that you detailed on your prepared remarks, were they a new market share win with new customers or were they just a win on in terms of the next generation technology node from the 65-nanometer? 
 Steve Newberry:  Two were new application wins, and three were defenses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Paleo - HSBC. 
 Steven Paleo - HSBC Capital:  Actually two clarifications and one question. First one, you didn't answer O'Rourke's question on the deferred revenues. If revenues were up about 1% or 3%, shipments are up 10% to 15%, you are going to see an increase in deferred revenues for June. That's the first clarification I need.  On the full year guidance you're now saying revenue is up 15% to 20% versus 10% to 15% and EPS of 4.50 to 4.70. I am curious what are the assumptions in the middle there for gross margins, operating margins and probably most important share count?  My last question, my official question here, your full year guidance for shipments are about 5% to 10% EPS at a mid-point of about $4.60. To make the shipment work that means in Q3 and Q4 you are down about 10% in each one of those yet you're assuming flat EPS, roughly $1.15 per quarter in Q3, Q4. Can you do flat EPS on down shipments in the second half? 
 Steve Newberry: We said we were biasing the shipments guidance to the high-end of the 5% to 10%, and I think that if you look at what our 10% to 15% shipments up for June is, and then you look at extrapolating that out to the second half, we might have a slight decline in shipments, but because we're a revenue on acceptance, we will have a situation where we will revenue slightly more than what some of our shipment output would be in the second half.  I think your question about the adjustment to the EPS range comes as a function of as we now sit here three months later in the year and we look at customer behavior and we look at our expectations for gross margin, OpEx spending controls, and our confidence in our ability to deliver a very strong operating margin performance, the movement from the $4.10 to the $4.30 scenario that I described in January to the $4.50 to $4.70 scenario really is a function of our confidence that the shipping environment will be there, our confidence that the revenue environment will be there, and most importantly our confidence that our operational execution capability as it relates to operating profit will be there. So it reflects our increased confidence in how the year will play out and how we will execute. 
 Martin Anstice:  On the deferred revenue question, Steve, I thought I gave it a pretty good shot actually, but I will try again. Obviously some of this gets lost in rounding. Deferred revenue balance last quarter was 284. It is now 277. It is down a bit. When we give guidance and counsel for revenues in a range, 655 to 675 this time and shipments range 10% to 15% sequentially, clearly depending on how you choose to model either one of those high or low or mid-range, you are going to get a different answer to the question.  Hopefully the three data points that we've given you, the deferred balance at the end of the quarter, 277, the revenue guide, and the ship guide allows you to triangulate and answer the question in the way that you see fit. 
Operator: Your next question is from Zhao Ping  Caris. 
 Zhao Ping - Caris & Co.: A quick question on all shipment bases. Do you still believe that Etch will grow faster or slower than overall WFE for 2007? What's your specific outlook for foundry on the same basis, the shipment basis for Etch 2007 over 2006? 
 Steve Newberry:  What I had commented on last quarter was I felt that typically as the rate of wafer fab equipment spending growth slows down, which it is in '07 versus the 30% some it was up in '06 over '05, Etch typically will contract slightly as a percentage of wafer fab equipment.  In 2006 Etch was about 13% of wafer fab equipment, and we expect that in 2007 it is more likely to be 12.2%, 12.3%, something like that, maybe up to 12.5%, but it will be slightly less. Therefore on about 5% wafer fab equipment growth we think Etch is going to be essentially flat '06 to '07.  For Lam we will still grow because the make-up of what the shipments are that are going in for Etch applications is going to be dominated by 65-nanometer, and because our market share at 65-nanometer is significantly higher than it was at 90-nanometer, we will actually grow our Etch shipments as a function of market share growth. 
Operator: Your next question is from Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch. 
 Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch:  Martin, earlier you commented that the new products were being booked, the costs were all being booked in R&D now, and obviously while they've been released, I guess you haven't started recognizing revenues. As you get later in the year and start recognizing revenues, will most of the costs be already recognized so you will be getting some increased margin at that point off the new products?  Maybe you can give us an update also on the three new releases of the expectations for when they might book revenues and how meaningful that might be? 
 Martin Anstice:  I think I'd echo Steve's earlier answer relative to the timing generally of revenues and it is echoing the commentary we gave in January which is biased towards the second half of the calendar year. As far as the accounting is concerned, your hypothesis is a correct one, certainly to the extent that we have previously expensed into R&D evaluations shipped to the customer, when that becomes a revenue event the normal cost of goods sold get associated with that hence normal gross margins, but we then get a credit through R&D. So from an operating income perspective those early eval turn shipments are actually pretty highly leveraged. Your hypothesis is indeed correct. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Chin - UBS. 
 Stephen Chin - UBS: On the new full year 2007 revenue guidance, Steve, how much market share do you now think you can gain in 2007? I think you said last time 3 to 4 market share percentage points.  And then on the June gross margin guidance, do you get the sense that the June quarter could be the trough quarter for gross margins given all these spare part initiatives that you've taken recently? Can this acquisition help the gross margin expansion during the second half of the year? Thanks. 
 Steve Newberry:  Relative to market share, our assumption is consistent with what we talked about before. We are assuming in that it will be a 3% to 4% market share gain in 2007, again primarily driven by the fact that it is 65-nanometer shipment, those decisions have already been made, that market share is essentially already locked down. It is an execution of one market share type of year as this is the 65-nanometer ramp year.  Relative to the gross margin guidance question, I think that if you look at what we have performed at over the last couple of quarters and what we have guided to for the June quarter, that we would expect that as long as we are in a similar revenue range that we would expect to see our gross margins maintain at that 50% level. I think that we won't see margin degradation unless there is a drop-off in revenue that would, let's say, maybe approximate $50 million and then we'll have some factory absorption, inefficiencies that we'll have to account for, and some other period expense related activities that would begin to impact margin.  But as we look at the shipment in revenue scenario that we've laid out for the year, I think we would expect that our margins will stay consistent around 50%. 
 Martin Anstice:  As far as the Blouin piece of your question is concerned, clearly we're optimistic about the opportunity to continue to define value with that particular transaction. It is still kind of early days. I think I characterized at the outset an expectation for neutral impact to earnings in the fiscal year, so to the extent there is upside it is not super material, at least in this calendar year horizon, but clearly part of our road map. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Tim Arcuri. 
 Tim Arcuri - CItigroup:  I am just going back over my model and I'm looking at what you guided shipments the last couple quarters. It looks to me like if I include what you guided June it looks like shipments have missed your expectation now for five quarters in a row. I am wondering, is there something going on there with respect to your shipments forecasting? I am just wondering why it has missed now five quarters in a row? 
 Steve Newberry:  If it is five quarters in a row -- I think when you go back three quarters, I think we missed by some little rounding errors, so not sure what you're talking about, but here is the issue. I am giving you guys some flavor that's out beyond the current quarter, nobody else does that. Know why they don't do it? Because all I am doing is I'm telling you what the customers are asking for in terms of delivery today relative to that next quarter. We should all know that as we move forward in time that what may occur in terms of shipments can change. That's what's going on.  So if it would be more helpful that there is no discussion about anything related to shipments other than in the current quarter that we're talking about, that's fine.  I personally think that it is more helpful to provide visibility as to what is the state of what the customers are thinking today about what's going on in the next couple quarters, and then updating you all on how is it playing out? Is it strengthening, is it smoothing, what is it doing? If, as a function of that then I am incorrect, like instead of being up 5% to 10% in the first half we're up 2% to 4%, you're right. We've not been able to accurately have the customers actually take delivery consistent with what they have been requesting, and that's all I can tell you, Tim. 
 Martin Anstice: I think you know actually the answer to your question, Tim, I think if it were a Lam specific-item, the comments that we're articulating relative to volatility and shipment scheduling would only be showing up with us, and I think we all recognize that it isn't, and it is very consistent with the commentary from the customers themselves, and so it really isn't a statement of forecast process. It is an environment statement in the industry. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Satya Kumar. 
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: I know that you typically tend to provide al lot of detail on the memory market and I find your commentary to be extremely useful. To the extent that you use that analysis to base your full year expectations, I looked at your DM ASP outlook of down 30 to 35% for the year, if I take DM prices average last year and take that down to about 32.5%, I get DM prices to be about $3.60 on average for calendar '07. If I flat line DRAM prices from where they are today, I would get an average price of $3.30.  Is it fair to say that in your outlook you're sort of thinking implicitly you've seen the bottom in DRAM pricing? That's one question. Secondly, in your full year EPS guidance of $4.60, what are you baking in for the increased EPS from a lower share count? Thanks. 
 Steve Newberry: Relative to your question on DRAM pricing, everybody has their own set of numbers and data, and I would say that what we're thinking is that if you look at that 30% to 35% average year-over-year decline, that for it to be 30% you would pretty much have to have things kind of basically flatten out. If it declines 35%, then there is room for the pricing to decline about another 10% from where we are today.  That's why I am giving a range because we think that the rate of decline is going to flatten out, and the question is, is it going to go dead flat or is it going to drift slightly down? But even within the range of 30% to 35% price declines, we think the profitability capability for the companies in the industry remains intact. We think that they the elasticity of demand capability at those price points would create a situation where you would have that supply that's generating that kind of pricing still sucked up on the demand side of the equation.  Relative to the $4.60, we commented earlier that it is consistent with the 139 million shares that we articulated we were using for our EPS calculation for June. We have just maintained that assumption for the $4.50 to $4.70 guidance or scenario numbers that we laid out for '07. 
Operator: Our last question is a follow-up from Chris Blansett. 
 Chris Blansett - JP Morgan:  Guys, just two quick things. One, when you look out to some of the systems that you talked about in the memory world that were smoothed out, we had been hearing that some of the Taiwanese DRAM makers were looking to change configurations to more of a 70-nanometer config. I wasn't sure if that was part of it.  The second thing is, just when you look at overall orders year-over-year first half to second half, just clarify what that was? I know we have been talking about memory orders but what about overall orders year-over-year since we're going to have a pickup in logic in the second half? 
 Steve Newberry:  Chris, one, we don't make any comment about orders. 
 Chris Blansett - JP Morgan:  We can talk about shipments, then. Sorry. 
 Steve Newberry:  We really didn't talk about second half shipments versus first half. What we said was first half shipments 2% to 4% up over the second half of '06, and shipments for the year in '07 up 5% to 10% biased toward the high-end of that range, and so that was the comment that I made about shipments.  In terms of why memory companies are smoothing out their deliveries, there are 15 different reasons all of which have validity as they relate to what that customer's circumstances are, and again to be fair to those customers, in their mind and I understand why they are saying this, until they deliver the hard copy PO, and until they lock down and firm commit to that delivery date, they don't view that if they say to us, hey, I am thinking about wanting delivery in June, we reserve those slots for them, we have material plan for that. And then when they actually deliver the order in March they come in and say, well, actually we've looked at everything, we looked at all our schedules, we look at it all the time, and we want it in July.  I mean, that happens all the time, and I think that the reality is because we're in the part of the cycle where the rate of wafer fab equipment investment for capacity expansion has slowed down from the dramatic rate that we saw last year. All of this stuff tends to be a little more visible, and people are paying maybe a lot more attention to it. Trust me, in the course of any given quarter the amount of movement in requested ship dates in and out is always high. 
 Julie Cimino:  Thank you, operator. That's all the time we have this afternoon. We would like to thank everyone again for dialing in to today's call. We appreciate your interest and look forward to speaking with you on our next quarterly call that's scheduled for Tuesday, July 17. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-01-17 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Kathleen Bela - Director of IR   Martin Anstice - CFO   Steve Newberry - President and CEO 
Analysts: Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston   Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank   Jay Deahna - J.P. Morgan   Steven Paleo - HSBC   Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities   Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets   Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch   Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America 
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Lam Research December Quarter 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, January 17, 2007. And this call is scheduled to conclude at 3:00 PM Pacific Time.  I would now return the conference over to Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations 
Kathleen Bela: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the quarter ending December 24, 2006, and the business outlook for the March 2007 quarter. By now you should have received a copy of today's press release which was distributed by Business Wire at approximately 1:10 PM. We are webcasting a slide presentation in conjunction with today's commentary. If you cannot see the slide at this point, please reload on your computer and the slide will reload at that time. The presentation can be accessed through the IR section of our website at www.lamresearch.com, and will also be available as a podcast.  Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Except for historical information, the information LAM is about to provide and the questions LAM answers during this call may contain certain forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements that relate to the company's future revenue and operating expenses, management's plans and objectives for future operations and product development, management's plans for continuing the company's stock repurchase program, global economic conditions including consumer sentiment and customer spending, and the demand acceptance and competitiveness of the company's products.  These statements conditions significance the value and effect that could cause results to differ materially and in ways not readily foreseeable, and these statements are subject to various risks. We encourage you to read those reports from the SEC in their entirety. LAM would also like to disclaim any obligations to correct or update any of the information we are about to provide. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM. We ask that you please limit questions to one per firm.  I will now turn the call to Martin for a review of the financial results. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Martin Anstice: Thank you, Kathleen. This afternoon we will discuss our December 2006 quarter financial results. Highlights of today's reported earnings include new orders of 779 million, representing 7% sequential growth, revenues of $633 million at a gross margin of 51%, operating income as a percent of revenue of 30.7%, cash from operations of approximately $162 million in the quarter which combines with our performance in September exceeded our second half 2006 target of 30% of revenues.  As we conclude the 2006 calendar year, a few points of summary in comparison to the 2005 year. New orders were at $2.7 billion, up 96%, revenue was $2.2 billion, up 59%, GAAP operating income was up 121%. Cash from operations was a record high at $581 million.  Our leading edge strength continues to be illustrative by 300 millimeter applications representing approximately 90% of total systems new orders and applications at less than or equal to the 90 nanometer technology node representing 93%. As anticipated, the activities of our memory segment customers in the quarter represented 74 of total system orders, with the DRAM components accounting for approximately 70% of total memory.  As anticipated the activities of our memory segment customers of the quarter represented 74% of total systems orders, with the DRAM components accounting for approximately 70% of total memory. Foundry were 12% and Logic/Other was 14% of the total systems orders. Overall, and in order of impact Taiwan, Europe, Korea and China accounted for the sequential growth. Shipments at $645 million were up slightly falling short of our earlier expectation of up 4% to 5% sequentially, which reflected a number of scheduling adjustments by our customers later in the quarter. Consistent with strong orders, our ending unshipped backlog grew to an all time high of $719 million, and consistent with our shipments Coventry today has a meaningful customer delivery request timeline that extends through the June quarter.  Revenue of $633 million exceeded the highpoint of our guidance range, gross margins for the quarter, net expectations at 51%. Sequentially, the anticipated reduction of 80 basis points in gross margins from September reflects the latter stages of our consumable spare parts price reduction activity, and certain costs associated with install-based upgrades to support our customers and position LAM for continued market share expansion in calendar 2007.  Operating expenses for the company increased as planned by approximately $10 million, 75% of which was in R&D due to discretionary investments targeted new etch and adjacent product growth opportunity. These cost increases were related in roughly equal measure to our recent headcount additions and engineering material supplies as customers evaluate our new products. Combined these items deliver the operating income of 30.7% that we report today.  We generated cash from operations of $162 million. Inventory performance was 5.8 turns, accounts receivable days. Days sales outstanding was 66 days. Our total net cash balance including restricted cash was 1.3 billion at the end of December which included the impact of our $177 million purchase of certain Bullen Ultrasonic assets which was neutral to earnings as expected this quarter. And the first turn loan that came in of $50 million, earlier than we had anticipated.  Deferred revenue and deferred profit continues to strengthen at $284 million and $177 million, respectively. In addition there is an approximately $64 million of anticipated future revenue value for previously made shipments to Japanese customers. From a balance sheet classification perspective, you will notice that subsequent to our foreign earnings repatriation earlier in the year, we have repositioned our investment portfolio from cash and cash equivalents to short-term investments. In addition, restricted cash reduced by $55 million as a direct result of the previously noted partial loan repayment.  In the quarter adjustments from backlog were a net negative $7 million including $5 million in order cancellations. For more complete details on geographic breakdown of orders and revenues please see today's press release and our website for a reconciliation of new order shipments revenues, deferred revenues, and backlog.  In the quarter, capital expenditures were $14 million, depreciation and amortization was $9 million. We received $23 million from the exercise of employee equity plans and we used $75 million to repurchase slightly more than $1.4 million shares at an average price of $51.83. We have $257 million remaining in our Board approved stock repurchase authorization at the end of December. As we invest in our organization to support our expanding etch market share a multi-product growth opportunities, employment levels increased by about 340 in the quarter to 2800 including slightly more than few hundred Bullen employees. Now for Steve's comment. 
Steve Newberry: Thank you, Martin. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us today to discuss the company's performance and our outlook for 2007. First I will comment on what was an outstanding year in terms of financial, operational and market share performance for LAM. In 2006 we generated record cash from operations, posted three consecutive quarters of 30% plus operating margins and drove excellent growth and operating income year-over-year. In addition, we saw significant market share gains in our etch business and strong growth in our spares and services businesses reflecting the trust and confidence that customers have in Lam Research.  These facts when the final tally's are reported in a few months, that LAM will have ended 2006, will shift market share of approximately 46% in etch. A growth of nine full points from the prior year. We are gaining share in a broad-based fashion across all regions and market segments when they trend toward higher share at each advancing technology nodes.  In December, we saw a strong activity around the world including both new and repeat wins in every semiconductor manufacturing region. Shipment activity in the quarter also included new product shipments including our first bevel clean tools along with systems for MEMS and next generation patterning. I believe our 2006 performance has positioned us well as we entered an exciting and challenging 2007.  I will comment now on our industry outlook. We think the chip industry in calendar year 2007 continues on a steady growth mode up approximately 7%, driven by a continued double-digit unit demand and expect a rising level of fab utilization as we move beyond a typically seasonally low first quarter. While utilization rates were generally high enough during 2006 to support strong capital spending growth, we believe customers intend to moderate the growth rate in spending for capacity additions in 2007 versus 2006.  Our outlook for 2007 capital spending is for growth of 5%, with continued emphasis on disinvestment being used for equipment to support capacity expansion. Therefore, we are currently forecasting wafer fab equipment to grow 5% in 2007 and for the etch market which grew slightly faster than wafer fab equipment in 2006, to be roughly flat. Increased memory content in PCs and continued growth in NAND Flash applications will drive memory IC unit growth strongly in 2007.  In particular, the outlook for NAND Flash bits remained strong, the forecast calling for this market to see 140% to 170% bit growth. Focus on the NAND Flash market has helped stabilize the supply-demand cycle in DRAM for the near term, and has kept pricing above expectations through Q4. With this demand growth in DRAM, we expect to come in just below 50% for 2006 and is expected to accelerate to 65% to 70% bit growth in 2007, and we've begun to see the anticipated surge in DRAM related shipments. We are expecting CapEx spending into the DRAM sector to increase 15% to 20% in 2007 with investment in NAND Flash, which has declined slightly 3% to 5% and be just over 35% of the memory mix with overall CapEx for memory up 8% to 10% in calendar year 2007.  Foundry demand has recently been impacted by the need for corrections in the inventory pipeline. However, demand for leading edge capacity continues to be strong. Utilization is greater than 90% at the less than or equal to 90 nanometer node. And we expect incremental investment for 65 nanometer, will occur in the second half of 2007. Therefore, we expect foundry CapEx to grow 10% to 15% in 2007.  As for the remaining markets in logic, analog and the microprocessors, we expect spending to be flat, plus or minus 5% as capacity additions remain moderate as inventory is absorbed.  Overall, we believe LAM is well positioned to continue delivering solid performance in this environment. We are enthusiastic about our continued market share gains in etch, and the opportunities for our new products.  With our product momentum and our high performance operating model, we expect to deliver another strong year of earnings and operating cash flow, even in the year of relatively flattish spending in etch. Therefore, I expect revenue for LAM in 2007 to be up approximately 10% to 15% due to an additional 3 to 4 points of market share growth, $80 million to $100 million of revenue additions from new products and higher flow through of deferred revenue in Japan-shipped systems. I would expect our shipments to be up 5% to 10% over 2006.  We would anticipate generating cash from operations of greater than 25% of revenue and earnings per share in the $4.10 to $4.30 range based on the flat etch spending in the 10% to 15% up revenue scenario I just described.  Guidance for the March quarter is as follows: I expect shipments for the first half to be up 5% to 10% over the second-half of calendar year 2006. Specifically in March, due to requested customer rescheduled delivery push outs, I expect March quarter to be down 5% to 7% and the June quarter to be up 25% to 30% over March. Revenue in March will be between $635 million and $650 million at approximately 50% gross margin and operating profit will be approximately 28%. Earnings per share will be $1.03 to $1.07 with an assumption of 22% tax and 144.5 million shares.  I would like to wrap up my comments with an update on some of our new products entering 2007. This is a key year for customer validation of our new products. We expect to continue to place evaluation systems, while beginning first production ramps of several of these new products in the first half of the year.  Total shipments from all new products is expected to exceed $120 million with $80 million to $100 million flowing through the revenue, a majority of that coming in the second half of the year.  Our focus in 2007 is on ensuring that our new products are effectively positioned to key customers and that there are optimal conditions for proving out their technical and production worthiness. Revenue from the new products is expected to begin ramping meaningfully in 2008.  Majority of our new products are plasma-based and leverage off of our core etch capabilities. Plasma-based products are our Bevel-Clean, Next-Generation Patterning, MEMS, and Strip and along with our offerings in productivity enhancing software applications and our C3 cleaner, comprise a significant opportunity for LAM in the future.  Our new C3 clean product is focused on front-end of the line and back-end of the line, post etch applications, and as such will benefit from our extensive knowledge in etch. The product is gaining very favorable early reviews and is successfully enhancing higher yields at 45 nanometer. We expect to ship an additional four to six units in the first half of 2007, and begin revenue shipments of our production released model in the September quarter.  In addition to cleans, our other major new products are targeted at Bevel-Clean, Next-Generation Patterning, and MEMS. We expect these products to do very well in these new markets. All three of these new products have shipped multiple evaluation units in 2006, and we expect these products to gain rapid acceptance and begin acceptance for revenue in the June quarter.  I look forward to keeping you updated on the progress of these products, as well as our core etch businesses as the year unfolds.  In closing, I want to congratulate and commend all of the employees of Lam Research worldwide, who have done a magnificent job of developing new and innovative products and solutions, and have been executing to the higher standards of performance in our industry, pure dedication to our customers and the company is truly impressive and appreciated.  With that, I will open the call for questions. 
Operator: Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). The slides for this conference will be available after the conference on the Lam Research website. Please limit your questions to one question and a follow-up. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi guys. I have a question, then I have a quick follow-up. First of all Steve, if I look at your shipments guidance for March and the guidance for June, its about $25 million less for March than you saw about three months ago, and it looks like its about $75 million less for June than you'd thought as well. So, I guess, when I add up that $100 million that's pushed out in shipments, what kind of customer group does it come from? Is it a customer specific issue, or is it a broader issue? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Steve Newberry: Well first, when I commented last quarter, I only commented on the March quarter shipments. I never made any comments about what I thought the shipments would be in June. So, I am not sure totally where you are coming from in terms of talking about what you expected the first half shipments to be, but independent of that, what we fundamentally have had, is in March we have one major DRAM customer who has pushed into June, because of export license issues. We've got a logic customer, who has fundamentally rethought their plans that had expected to take delivery in March and has now pushed that actually into the September and December quarters. And then the foundries, which have been positioning three or four months ago, about winding March deliveries have decided that they want to push most of those deliveries into June, a couple of the foundries have split their deliveries into the June quarter and the September quarters.  And so, it's kind of a mixed bag, but there are pushes in DRAM, pushes in logic, and then pushes in foundry. And then, in the December quarter, just in case there is a question on that, fundamentally we are little bit short of what we thought we would ship because at the last minute, some of the foundry deliveries that were scheduled in December, primarily due to one customer's facility delays, resulted in us not being able to ship some systems that we actually built and had to push them later in the first half. 
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Thanks Steve. That's great. I guess just as a quick follow-up on that. One of your biggest customers, memory customer in their earnings call last week indicated that their capital spending profile in 2007 is going to be pretty dramatically front-half loaded and the CapEx in the second half of the year would be down about 50%, if not a little more, second half versus first half of this year. Do you think is that a customer specific situation or do you think that's indicative of what the kind of overall DRAM or overall memory spending profile might look like this year? Thanks. 
Steve Newberry: Yeah I think that when I look at what memory customers are currently scheduling for shipments. I think that it clearly is to-date front-end loaded. It's probably in the 40% to 50% down in the second half range, if they actually take deliveries that they scheduled. That could moderate as some of the planned deliveries that are scheduled for June, slipped into the month of July or August even. But, I think it's fair to say that the front-half of the year loading for memory is an accurate statement. We will just have to see how that actually plays out throughout the year. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon guys. Thanks very much. Congratulations on the good execution here. Question really is about the fungibility of capacity between DRAM and NAND. Obviously the NAND end-market is in a pretty bad state right now, even though the demand for NAND applications is robust. So, obviously, we have a pretty bad supply problem. How likely is it that we see some of the excess NAND capacity from those who can do it, move back over to DRAM, and is there any risk that mitigates any of the incremental DRAM shipments or deliveries that are currently scheduled for later on this year? 
Steve Newberry: Thank you for your comments, Jim. You have raised a good question. There is always that potential certainly with a number of the major NAND suppliers being DRAM suppliers. In our discussions with them, they have tended to move pretty strongly in 2006 to setup more dedicated lines because there's greater efficiency in terms of use of capital. And none of them have indicated that, thats what they are thinking about doing. I think that when you look at the DRAM market, I think that there is a pretty strong bullish sentiment that they need to get those lines put in place and those DRAM-dedicated capacity capabilities put in place. But certainly in excluded environment as we are in memory, the potential that they could choose to run DRAM down a NAND line, and therefore back off on some of the capacity spending certainly is a possibility. But we are not hearing any of that talk today. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Thank so much and congratulations again. 
Steve Newberry: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse First Boston. Please go ahead. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yeah. Thanks for taking my call. I have a question on margins. Steve, it looks like gross margins were flat and slightly higher revenues than guidance and operating margins were down. I think youve talked a little bit about how -- what you are investing in R&D. If I recall, earlier you have talked about ramping R&D expenses and you hit specific milestone and you talked about these new businesses contributing $80 million to $100 million this year versus $100 million targeted, sort of given before. Can you help us give us a sense as to what you are thinking longer-term? How these businesses can develop? And what gives you the confidence that you meet to actually ramp R&D here over these next couple of quarters when revenues are probably coming a little late? 
Steve Newberry: Okay. I will comment on couple of that and then have Martin talk a little bit about our investments in operating expenses and what the makeup is -- of that is and why were doing that. But specifically as it relates to gross margin, we have commented earlier in the year that we had made some very specific aggressive consumable spare parts pricing reductions that would impact our margins by 1 to 1.5 points. Weve certainly now begun to see that manifest itself and we expect that we fundamentally have absorbed most of that with what we have forecasted our margins to be in March.  In addition, weve decided to accelerate some of our product upgrade activities that are focused on improving certain aspects of these activity controls that are really helping our customers deal with some of the really difficult challenging aspects of yield at 65. And a lot of those early upgrade improvement activities weve just taken them and expensed them to cost of sales. And we would expect as those improvements prove themselves out that will then be able to ship them in our new products and sell some of these upgrades which will take some of the pressure off of the current environment for gross margin.  The other aspect thats putting a little pressure on the gross margin line is that our product mix in etch is now beginning to move strongly to what we call our 45 series. So, our dielectric Flex45, our conductor in metal, Kiyo45, these are our new products. They are still at relatively low volumes and so we have a little bit of a higher cost make-up relative to those products. As it relates to the new product targets, we've had $100 million target that we've talked about for a while now. I still am and the rest of the members of our new product organizations are committed to the 100 million, have kind of given us a little bit of room here by having us modeled in the $80 million to $100 million range, because we've made a specific decision as it relates to clean that given the opportunities that our customers are demonstrating to us they are interested in that we wanted to make sure that we really got that product designed from the standpoint of being a very robust and reliable production-worthy product but also one that was going to be able to allow us to get down the cost curve very quickly.  So as a result, we've decided to slow down the volume of what we called our Version 2 Class product and accelerate the development of our production release model, which will occur in the September quarter. And so as a result of that we are going to have a few less revenue-oriented systems for cleans than what we had originally anticipated. But we will still be shipping the same number of evaluation and qualification tools and in fact we are actually expanding that because in the beginning we thought we would be largely targeted on back in the line applications, and now we are targeting both backend and have an equal number of opportunities and evaluations going on to the front end. So hopefully it helps you with the gross margin and the new product activities. I'll ask Martin to comment on our spending global line. 
Martin Anstice: You probably asked most of the answers for your question on the margins from what Steve just focused I will focus on the operating expense. Clearly we had a projection of $10 million September to December, and as I characterized in my prepared comments here, 75% of that was focused in R&D. And if you have interest in the composition of that, obviously on lower profitability the variable compensation costs of the company went down. We have through the backend of the year particularly been adding headcounts to the company. We saw full quarter impact of the September additions in our salaries and benefits and obviously to the extent we hired and have the benefit of people through the quarter. The December quarter incurred that costs as well. And so that salary and benefit consequence really masses the bonus comment I just made, really accounts for about 30% to 40% of the OpEx increase. And the most other significant item which is in a similar range, the 30% to 40% level relates to the cost of engineering material supplies associated with the pace of the evaluation activities and qualification on hedge and new product that Steve just spoke to.  From a guidance perspective, we obviously havent specifically guided to an OpEx number, but I am sure most of you will get to a number thats more or less as we have modeled. One thing, I did want to draw your attention to is that, clearly there is an operating expense expansion, December to March. And if you look at that progression, a big part of it really is, is outside of what we told about in terms of new product. The big part of it is associated with what we always talk about in March, which is the impact of slighter costs to payroll as people have higher proportions of social costs embedded in their taxes and so does the company in the first quarter of the year.  As you also remember, we delayed the all employee focal grant for restricted stock units through to the March quarter, so that becomes a March quarter cost to the company and its valued obviously at a much higher share price today. So, to the extent we have RSUs granted there, now expense with a much higher cost in the first year grants, a year or so ago. So, probably that 75% of that progression is really outside of the new product story, and so when take all of those things together and kind of ask yourself some basic questions about fixed costs and variable costs, I still feel pretty comfortable that the breakeven point for the company is in the 200, 225 range. So, not so very different from the number I articulated last quarter. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: Just a quick follow-up that Martin, would OpEx then come down in the June quarter and secondly what factors should be used for modeling in '07? Thanks. 
Martin Anstice: I think the pace of OpEx progression is something that will be consistent with the opportunities we see with our customers on specific qualifications, activities and so we are not specifically giving guidance on that. I do think that the pace of the progression of the OpEx is slowing down and so we have clearly seen a September-December progression thats pretty big and we have modeled here a reasonable progression December to March. I think were getting to the end of the end that pace of progression. 
Steve Newberry: And I think, if I would add just one thing, kind of taking the specifics of Martin's comments and trying to put them in context to some of the previous comments that I have made. 2007 for us is a very important to get our new products positioned, but also a very important year for us to make sure that we make the proper investments in our infrastructure, both in terms of people capability out in the regions close to the customer fabs, but also in terms of, as we move from a $2.2 billion company to a $3 million to $4 billion company in the next two, three, four years whatever the cycles and our success allow us. It's important for us to get those kinds of capabilities into our company at this time, so that when we ramp through the next level of output, we have the systems in place, we have the people in place and we will have successfully positioned our new product. So, this is an intentional strategy to make sure that we put this kind of capability in place, and it will result in our operating margin performance being down a couple of points from the 30% that we've been successfully running for the last three quarters. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead. 
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Hi good afternoon. The most recent [cyclist] data had Q3 utilization for the industry I think below 90% and when I look at sort of capacity going in and wafer starts to grow it will probably decline in Q4, probably in Q1 as well, can you help us understand how you incorporate a decline in utilization profile with your '07 outlook? And should we be anticipation a brief equipment correction over the next couple of quarters that then kind of reverses in the back half of the year? 
Steve Newberry: Well I think one of the things that we all need to understand is, when we are looking at utilization, we are really talking primarily where they measure the foundries and potentially another logics, because when you look at DRAM and NAND flash, those guys run full out. So, when we look at overall industry utilization, yes we would agree that overall utilization has fallen in the fourth calendar quarter, probably to about 84-85%, but I think its very important that we make sure that we stay focused, what's happening to leading edge utilization, and leading edge utilization remains over 90%, even though it has fallen from the mid 90s that we saw for most of the period in 2006, but from an equipment company perspective, if leading edge utilization and the expanding needs in this case as our customers move to 65, a lot of their existing fab capability cannot handle the tools that requirements for 65-nanometer and so that's why, I said that, I would expect that in the second half of the year, we will see a ramping environment for shipments into logic and in the foundries as a function of them having worked through their inventory issues, having them look ahead to what their needs are, and I expect that they will take more deliveries in the second half. I think it should be noted that in reality the last two quarters or certainly this quarter and the next two quarters in logic. The shipment levels are going to be down a fair amount until I think that adjustment as a function of utilization is going on right as we speak. 
Steve O'Rourke - Deutsche Bank: Fair enough thats helpful. A quick follow-up question. Are you going to be selling standalone clean tools as well as integrated? 
Steve Newberry: Yes, we will sell primarily standalone clean tools, although certainly with Etch and Strip capability. We are working with a number of customers on multi-sequential Etch Strip and clean capability, but our primary product offering will be standalone clean tools. 
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Jay Deahna with J.P. Morgan, please go ahead. 
Jay Deahna - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Couple of questions, Steve. If I look at the numbers that youve reported overtime, usually you have a revenue quarter which is fairly similar to orders within a quarter or two. And you are doing well north of 700 million here, two quarters in a row for orders. So, is there a $700 million plus revenue quarter out there? Thats the first question. The second question is assuming your revenues, I dont know it sounds like peak in Q2 and dip in Q3-Q4. When would you expect revenues to start coming up again? Is that a Q1 calendar 08 concept? And last but not least, if you could repeat your guidance for the full year in the quarter? I didnt quite catch it all. 
Steve Newberry: Okay. Let me comment on your very perceptive observation that, if you look at booking strengths eventually a quarter or two later, you would expect and we have typically manifested a revenue level that matches that. I think that a 700 million revenue quarter is certainly a possibility but, when you get into this kind of environment, we tend to see a little bit more spreading out of order deliveries, and we had obviously a very strong bookings quarter in December, but we are starting to see that some of the delivery date requests rather being concentrated in a couple of month period or sometimes now being scheduled over four or five months period. And so, when we head -- when we head into an environment where kind of the rate of capacity expansion moderates and thats clearly where I see is heading as the year unfolds. You tend to see some of those concentrated bookings quarters actually spread themselves out a little bit. So, while its certainly possible based on the bookings rate that we have had, it's really too early to tell kind of how the customers are actually going to take their shipment deliveries. In terms of revenues moderating in the second half, I think that clearly if I guided that we are going to be up 5% to 10% in shipments in the first half. Clearly, I would expect that we will see our shipments levels and our revenue levels be lower in the second half, or I think that given the way this year is kind of unfolding, it's really too early to predict when would we expect to see the shipment environment starts to climb and therefore the revenue environment. What I would say is that, when the shipment environment picks up, the revenue environment can follow pretty quickly because typically customers once they start accelerating capacity additions, they want to get them in and signed-off and up and operating pretty quickly. But I really can't answer that. So, in terms of repeating the guidance, the March quarter guidance specifically was revenue 635 to 650, shipments being down 5% to 7%, but June shipments expected to be up another 25% or 30% for an overall 5% to 10% increase in shipments first half of '07 compared to second half of '06. Gross margins approximately 50%, operating margins approximately 28%, earnings per share $1.03 to $1.07, and share count at $144.5 million, a 22% tax rate.  And then, reiterating 2007 potential performance, if we have a flattish Etch CapEx year, I think, our revenue would be expected to be at 10% to 15% because of market share growth, 80 million to 100 million in revenue from new products and higher flow through of deferred revenue in system shipped to Japan, shipments up 5% to 10% for the year, cash from operations greater than 25% of revenue, based on this scenario, and earnings per share in the range from $4.10 to $4.30, again based on that scenario. 
Jay Deahna - J.P. Morgan: And why did you decided to give full-year guidance? I don't remember you doing that before? 
Steve Newberry: What I did last year and we always end up with this [dramatics term]. I didnt give guidance. I gave potential performance. But I'm sure that what will happen is that it will get reported as guidance, but I mean be that as it may, last year what I did is, I laid out a scenario and basically I said, if you have CapEx at this, then you might expect Lam Research to be at this level. For this year, I just said, look based on 5% CapEx wafer fab equipment up 5%, based on that scenario, I expect that potential performance for Lam is what I laid out. And the reason for doing that is, I think that it's beneficial to the financial community to get an idea that if the year plays out at this 5% wafer fab equipment growth and a flattish Etch environment, this is what you can expect Lam Research will achieve. If the year plays itself out, very much different from that, well, then obviously our performance and our results are going to be different. So, I think it's very important to make sure that the context and how I described what I thought we would do in 2007 is its predicated on that scenario assumption of 5% CapEx, 5% wafer fab equipment growth. 
Martin Anstice: Jay, if I could add just kind of two very quick comments to Steves for specifics here, clearly still the majority of our backlog of our backlog in the systems backlog is scheduled for delivery in March and absolutely more than 90% of it is scheduled for delivery before the end of the June quarter. And in terms of margin progression from a guidance point of view, we kind of talked about two things in the past, weve talked about the systems business and the fact that there is clearly a concentration spending, big customers expecting us to contribute to their cost reduction success thats part of the gross margin progression of the company. We also see the final stages of the consumable price reductions that was talked about, and just as I spoke to, the OpEx progression about a third of the reduction of gross margins is directly related to the above the line FICA, the merit, and the equity that's associated with this time of year. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from Steven Paleo with HSBC, please go ahead. 
Steven Paleo - HSBC: Thank you, Its interesting the growth potential performance or guidance for '07 and in light of your shipment guidance, as well for June up 25% to 30%, I think [gets those shipments up in the 725 million] range and then you have your EPS guidance of about $1 or $1.07 or something like that. But you're essentially in the March quarter doing about 25% of your potential performance for that EPS number and youre guiding to a pretty big ramp in shipments in the June quarter, which has been likely pretty large in June and September revenue. I am curious about that profile of revenue and EPS based on that shipment guidance that you are giving and then, really you are confident in light of you're seeing push outs happening from all three areas logic, DRAM, and the foundry guys? 
Steve Newberry: Steve, those are good question and here is the reality. The customers have taken what they had previously planned. They want it shipped in March and some have pulled in and more of them decided that they wanted their deliveries in June and clearly we have a big backlog requested shipments in June. Anytime you get into an environment like this where the rate of capacity expansion is moderate. There is always the risk that the requested deliveries that we currently have for June, may not manifest themselves. So, I am just basically telling you what the customers are asking us to deliver today related to that big backlog that we just reported, and yes they take their deliveries then you are right, we will have a shipment quarter well over $700 million, and if they don't then they'll spread those things out. Given that, most of what is planned for shipments in that first half of the year is memory related. In other words we have about 75% of the -- 72% of the first half shipments are targeted at memory companies. Given that, that's where the dramatic unit growth is and given that's where clearly customers believe they need to make the investments, it would suggest to me that there is a reasonably strong belief or reasonably strong expectation that the requested deliveries that we're getting in the first half will manifest themselves as I've described. 
Steven Paleo - HSBC: All right, I will keep my fingers crossed that June does comes through and then we will continue to push. And then, I think Satya asked the question about the full year tax rate, did you guys answer him there? 
Martin Anstice: Yes, we have two answers to the question, one is the fiscal year answer, and the fiscal year answer is consistent with the guidance assumptions that Steve gave today, 22%, and the outlook I have for the fiscal year '08, I am really articulating around less than the 25% level. It's really too early for me to get specific -- any more specific than that at this time. 
Steven Paleo - HSBC: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Bachman with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, Steve. Just like a follow-up on what Steve just asked as well, are you trying to communicate to us today that the -- 
Martin Anstice: Somebody back (inaudible) 
Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities: Hello 
Martin Anstice: Yes, we hear you. 
Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities: Are you trying to communicate today that the risk of push-outs and cancellations has increased now over the past three months or so? Or are you just nearly trying to give us some information on customer specific items that have pushed out? 
Steve Newberry: Well, what I am trying to do is couple of things. One is we had previously communicated that we thought the March quarter would be up, 5% to 10% from December, and we've clearly come in and said, its going to be down 5% to 7%. So that's a pretty significant change, and therefore I believe needs an explanation, which is also why I try to provide some directionality and some color on what June looks like, and the reality is that I have been in this business for too many years maybe, but when you start to see the rate of capacity additions moderate, and clearly, we're beginning to see that. You definitely have the tendency for customers to start to slowdown the speed at which they take deliveries, and memory is the most consistent set of customers that you can count on because most memory investment is very strategic and you are either in the game or you are not in the game. And so you don't tend to see all that much pushing from memory type suppliers which is why I think that we have high likelihood that what we are being asked to deliver in the first half will actually occur. But reality is that things can change, and so I think we are in an environment where 2007 is really a -- in facet it is a transition year. It's an absorption of the capacity, it's positioning for strong opportunities in memory. And the logic guys are kind of pulling back and clearly have slowed their rate of shipments deliveries, and are basically communicating that they planned to be back in the market and taking deliveries in the second half. We will just have to see how that plays out, and all I am really trying to do is try to give all of you in the investment community a little better feel for a kind of what the make up is of 2007 because it's a little bit of an unusual year. 
Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, I just want to say thanks so much for discussing all sorts of progress on your new offerings. I am just wondering if you could go into a little bit more detail how that $80 million to $100 million of revenues in 2007 is going to be broken out may be on a quarterly basis. And also, how is it allocated across these new products. It sounds as if with the push of the C3 product here, is that probably where the majority of the revenues were associated? 
Steve Newberry: Yes, I am sure my competitors would love for me to break that out for you guys as well on a quarter-by-quarter basis, and a product-by-product basis. And so, I am not going to do that. I think that there is two reasons, one, I don't want to give out more information that is beneficial to my competitors. And two, when you are dealing with new products, the rate and the pace of each of them is a little bit different and the acceptance cycles range from six months to one year. And so, you really have a lot of fluidity until these things kind of ramp up to speed. Having said that, I will tell you that, the bevel clean product is one that we are shipping in good numbers. The product is doing really well and it's the product that will begin to generate a significant amount of revenue throughout 2007, as it relates to that $80 million to 100 million. Our MEMS products are also having gone through a year of significant evaluation and product redesign, are positioned to deliver a good portion of that revenue and then you have the next-generation patterning in the clean products and also a good amount of revenue from our software productivity improvement product. So, other than that I am going to leave it at what I have said. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Thank you for taking my call. Steve it looks like book-to-market share in the calendar fourth quarter was somewhere around the mid-50% range, that's up sequentially in the quarter. And as you have said 46% for the full year and I think you are saying up another 3 to 4 percentage points this year. I am just wondering, what do you think the ceiling is in terms of market share for you core segments? 
Steve Newberry: I think that as it relates to the 65 nanometer node, we are going to basically finish up that node right around 50% and that's why you are going to see our shipped market share move up into the 50% range because that's what's going to dominate the shipments over the next year, year and a half. It's way too early to really tell what's going to happen at 45. Certainly, we've targeted a number of new application wins that would, if we are successful give us the potential to pickup another 3, 4, 5 market share points. Certainly our competitors are really trying to figure out how they can slow down our rate of market share progression. And so, I think that, clearly I don't view the cap at 50% but ultimately at the end of the day, it's going to be, we continue to provide differentiated solutions, and we continue to have speed of solution implementation that essentially continues to out execute our competitors, and if we do so, our market share will continue to grow. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great and then my second question for you is, and this is something that you focused on and your customers are focused on, which is obviously yield improvement or defect density reduction. And I'm just wondering if you can share with us some of the early feedbacks you are getting on your bevel, etch products. I'm not sure if you can quantify early defect density reduction studies or cost of ownership or other performance parameters relative to competitive products? 
Steve Newberry: I think the comment that I would make that might be relevant is the bevel etch chambers that we shipped out through to multiple customers have gone in. They have started up extremely well. They have delivered and performed to the specifications and results that we and the customer expected. They are in the final stages with some final product evaluations that are necessary before customers will ramp these products to volume, but they are performing like we expected. They're getting -- they are delivering the results that our customers are looking for. And so, we are pleased with the progress, with the early shipments in the bevel cleaner. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Hsueh with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Yes. Hi, Steve. Thanks for taking my question. I've got to admit to you guys, I appreciate all the information you provided but I'm very confused here, both near-term and long-term. So, I was wondering if you could help me out. Number one, near-term, your shipment guidance in June was up 25% to 30% and your backlog of $700 million plus, 90% shipping by the June quarter. It just -- to me it looks like June is a parking lot and to me it looks like there's risk of further push outs of cancellations impacting your kind of quarter shipment target for June. What kind of confidence level do you have that you can kind of meet that up 25% to 30% kind of growth number in June? Why is it not a parking lot? 
Steve Newberry: Maybe I haven't been very effective but I think I've tried to answer this question a couple of times. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: What percentage of your shipments in June are memory or DRAM specifically? 
Steve Newberry: About 70% 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: And does that changed from the March quarter. Is that the same as the March quarter? 
Steve Newberry: Yes. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Okay. So, there's still that roughly 20% or 30% logic foundry, other, that could still risks further push out beyond the June quarter, is that right? 
Steve Newberry: Well, a potential for that always exits, but again memory guys tend to be pretty strategic and the way that the memory guys operate is, they put their plans in place and they look at when they need to have deliveries in order to ramp their product up. And so, all I can tell you is, this is where they've got it scheduled. Our memory shipments are a little bit stronger in terms of what's scheduled for June than what is scheduled for March, and why there's kind of a hole in March relative to December and June. Again, part of it's licensing that delay the fab, part of it's just the fact that there's a new fabs going in that aren't quite ready. There's a number of factors going on, none of which are related to customers saying, I've changed my mind. I'm reducing my CapEx plans. These are just movements of weeks and sometimes months that are really a function of readiness for these companies to take these deliveries. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Okay. And then on the back half of the year, I mean, you're talking about logic and maybe foundry kind of picking back up in terms of the shipments. So you seem to be hedging in terms of your shipment forecast in the back half of the year but you're giving guidance for sequential drops in shipment rates in Q3 and Q4 calendar Q3 and Q4 of roughly 10% and 15%. So, you're most certainly calling for a downturn here in the back half of the year but qualitatively you look -- you sound like you're hedging. So, I'm just trying to reconcile the quantitative information you provided and some of the qualitative information that you're talking about. It doesn't seem to kind of sink up. 
Steve Newberry: Well, it does sink up. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Okay. 
Steve Newberry: If you're going to have a shipment environment in the first half that I just described and you're going to have a shipment environment for the year that's up 5% to 10%, then you're right. As it lays out today, the second half of the year, we'll have lower shipments, and the second half of the year would have lower revenue. Now, I mean I think most of you have been around this industry long enough to know that what we're talking about here is how this year might shape out if it's a 5% increase in spending and wafer fab equipment and the reality is, of course if we have strong first half shipments, the second half has to be lower because if you look at the shape of '06, the first half of '06 was much lower than the second half of '06.  So, if we're going to be, if a company was going to be flat year-over-year, they wouldn't be flat quarter after quarter after quarter. So, it's one of the reasons that sometimes people don't talk about any of this stuff because if -- what comes out of this conversation is a belief that since I've talked to you about what I think the year may play out, that's suddenly now the gospel and that's exactly what's going to happen. Well, that's just flat out not true. We don't know what's going to happen in the second half and what we do know is that if CapEx spending plays out like I've scenarioed it to be, then this is how it's going to look and we'll be at 410 to 430 from an EPS guidance standpoint. So, I'm trying to give people a feel around that scenario and hopefully it's helpful, but if it's confusing I apologize, but I'm not sure what to do. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Hodess with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon, Steve. I actually think your commentary makes very consistent guidance with or outlook with the industry outlook. Company specific, two questions. Now that you've reduced the pricing and the spares parts business, do you expect to see a pick up and is that going to contribute something to the growth in the coming year and the second question is given this profile we've talked about in the second half, will operating margins still do you think stay in this high 20% range with some of the -- even with the potential for some of the dip in the second half given some of the other programs going on? 
Steve Newberry: Yeah. Those are good questions, Brett. One in terms of our spare parts pricing actions, it is done what we had looked for it to do which was to stabilize and then actually allow us to increase our market share. So our growth in our spares business has been very good. The growth rate in spares certainly relative to systems in 2006 was lower. But I would expect that we would actually see a stronger growth rate in spares relative to the systems business in 2007. And so a lot of what we did in 2006 was to give us the best opportunity to do that. As it relates to operating margins, that's kind of 64 million question because I think it will depend on what really ends up being the strength of shipments and revenues. The benefit for us is as a revenue on acceptance company, we're going to be taking a fair amount of deferred revenue type of revenues to the P&L which will have good margins. We've already embedded our operating expense cost structure relative to the new product activity which is actually more expense intensive in the first half and we actually expect it to decline in the second half. And so, we expect that with stable gross margins that we will be able to have some reductions in our operating expense spendings and so our plan is that if we execute this year as we're planning that we would be able to stay around that 28% range. 
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. 
Kathleen Bela: Thank you. We'll take one more caller. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Mark Fitzgerald with Banc of America. Please go ahead. 
Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America: Your two main competitors are out new with new products at this point. I am curious, I know you're confident on market share but is there any more price competition that's contributing to the margin erosion? 
Steve Newberry: I think that the last six months of 2006, there's certainly been a lot of competitive scrambling as I think our competitors kind of realize that the reality of all the market share we were taking couldn't be denied anymore. And so, we've seen some pretty aggressive pricing activities but here is the reality. If you have a differentiated result, particularly if you have one that is giving you even 1, 2 or 3 yield point advantage, the competitor almost can't price to overcome that. And so, what we've done is the other aspect that I've talked about earlier in the year was we have increased our market share at some of the largest top-ten companies in the world, and in exchange for that, customers ask us to give them more beneficial pricing and we ended up picking up 10% to 15% more market share at some of those customers but accepted a reduction in the prices as a function of that kind of partnership. So that's somewhat present in the margin decline that you've kind of seen over the last six months. 
Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back to management for any concluding comments. Please go ahead. 
Kathleen Bela: We would like to thank you all for joining us today and again I want to apologize for the technical difficulties regarding the slides at the beginning of this call. You will be able to download them shortly from the Investor Relations section of the Lam Research website. There will be a PDF version now available. Again, thanks for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Bye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Lam Research December quarter 2006 financial results conference call. Thank you again for your participation today and you may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-10-11 22:15:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations   Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer   Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Ong, American Technology Research   Jay Deahna, JP Morgan   Satya Kumar, Credit Suisse   James Covello, Goldman Sachs   CJ Muse, Lehman Brothers   Timothy Arcuri, Citigroup Global Markets   Brett Hodess, Merrill Lynch   Steve ORourke, Deutsche Bank Securities   Robert Maire, Needham & Company   Michael Lucas   Manish Goyal, TIA   Steven Paleo, HSBC   Patrick Ho, Stifel Nicolaus & Company   Srini (Gary Hsueh), CIBC World Markets
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman and welcome to the LAM Research September Quarter 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following todays presentation, instructions will be given for the question and answer session. If anyone needs assistance at any time during the conference please press the * followed by the 0. As a reminder this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, October 11, 2006. This call is scheduled to last one hour. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations, please go ahead maam.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Marcia. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the quarter ending September 24, 2006, and the business outlook for the December 2006 quarter. By now you should have received a copy of todays press release, which was distributed by Business Wire at approximately 1:10 p.m. We are webcasting a slide presentation in conjunction with todays commentary. The presentation can be accessed through the IR section of our website at www.lamrc.com. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Except for historical information, the information LAM is about to provide and the questions LAM answers during this call may contain certain forward-looking statements including but not limited to statements that relate to the companys future revenue, orders, shipments, margins, tax rates, and operating expenses, managements plans and objectives for future operations and product development, the cost and impact of the acquisition of certain assets of Bullen Ultrasonics, managements plans for continuing the companys stock repurchase program, global economic conditions including consumer sentiment and customer spending, and the demand acceptance and competitiveness of the companys products. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, and changes in conditions, significance, value, and effect that could cause results to differ materially and in ways not readily foreseeable and which are detailed in the Companys SEC reports. We encourage you to read those reports in their entirety. LAM would also like to disclaim any obligation to correct or update any of the information we are about to provide. Also, the presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures which the company believes are useful to analyzing ongoing business trends. A table presenting a reconciliation of ongoing performance to results under U.S. GAAP is posted on the Companys website. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. We ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. I will now turn the call to Martin for a review of the financial results.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Kathleen. This afternoon we will discuss our September 2006 Quarter financial results. Todays reported earnings include record high performance on several dimensions, new orders of $725 million representing 13% sequential growth, higher than the up 5% to 10% guidance range -- revenues of $604 million, operating income as a percent of income of 32.2%, cash from operations of approximately $217 million or 36% of revenues. Our leading edge strength is illustrated by 300 mm applications representing approximately 89% of total systems new orders and applications at less than or equal to the 90 nanometer technology node representing 95%. As expected, the memory segments represented a large proportion of systems orders this quarter. In absolute dollars, North America, Korea, and Japan accounted for the sequential growth. Accordingly, systems new orders market segmentation for the quarter was: memory 75%, foundry 16%, and logic other at 9% of the total. Dedicated NAND applications represented 47% of the total memory orders. Revenue of $604 million slightly exceeded the high points of our guidance range. On increasing customer demand, shipments at $640 million, were up 18% sequentially, the ending unshipped backlog grew approximately 14% to $593 million. Our gross margins for the quarter are 51.8%, slightly exceeded our guidance  a function of continued installation and warranty cost improvements and a generally positive customer and product mix. Operating expenses for the company increased as planned by approximately $3 million due principally to equity expense and higher incentive base compensation on higher profit as well as discretionary investments targeted at etch and new product growth opportunities. Combined, these items deliver a record high operating income of 32.2% of revenues. The leveraged fall through was 45% from sequential operating income growth of 22% and revenue growth of 15%. We generated cash from operations of $217 million, which supports our revised 30% of revenue targets for the second half of calendar 2006. As we purchase material for an increasing billed plan, inventory performance essentially is held constant at slightly more than 6 terms; accounts receivable days sales outstanding was outstanding at 57 days. Our total net cash balance including restricted cash was $1.4 billion at the end of September. Deferred revenue and deferred profit continues to strengthen at $258 million and $153 million respectively. In addition, there is approximately $74 million of anticipated future revenue value for previously made shipments to Japanese customers. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of orders and revenues please see todays press release and our website for a reconciliation of new order shipments, revenues, deferred revenues, and backlogs. In the quarter, adjustments from backlog were a net negative 13 million and there were no order cancellations. Capital expenditures were at $13 million, depreciation and amortization was $6 million. As we invest in our organization to support our expanding etch market share and multi-product growth opportunities employment levels increased by about 100 to approximately 2500. Yesterday, we communicated our intentions to purchase the silicone growing and fabrication assets of Bullen Ultrasonic. Upon closing we will consolidate the financial impact of the purchase and subsequent earnings in the December 2006 quarter. Key financial aspects of the deal include a purchase price of $175 million cash representing a price-to-revenue multiple that is meaningfully less than the current standalone LAM Research equivalent, an estimated purchase price adjustment of less than $10 million or closing asset values including facilities and also transaction costs; a 12-month $17 million performance ESCROW, a preliminary purchase price allocation of 25% tangible assets and 75% intangible assets and goodwill, a targeted modestly accretive impact to ongoing earnings driven by favorable cost of sales due to the elimination of profits previously earned by Bullen as a supplier to LAM. Additional non-LAM customer revenues are not anticipated to be significant in the short term. Related to the activities of this transaction, the company self imposed a blackout on stock transactions. There was no stock repurchase activity this quarter and the annual equity focal grounds originally planned for August was delayed until the December 2006 quarter. The Company plans on resuming stock repurchase activities immediately, consistent with the plan currently authorized by the board of directors. In the September quarter, we removed two items from our ongoing results presentation. First, as characterized by the subsequent event disclosure in our fiscal 2006 10-K, the Company recorded a favorable legal judgment of $15.8 million in other income with a related tax expense of $6.1 million. Secondly, we successfully resolved certain foreign tax matters resulting in a net tax benefit of $10 million. The reconciliation of these items is included within our press release today. Now to Steves comments.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Martin, and thank you all for joining us today to discuss the results for the September quarter and the current outlook for the business. This afternoon I will comment on the following aspects of the business: our September quarter results and updates on our industry outlook, updates on our progress and new product introductions, and the acquisition of the silicone growing and fabrication assets of Bullen Ultrasonics. I will then move on to comments related to guidance for the December quarter. LAM continued to execute very well on all fronts in the quarter. We achieved records in new orders, revenue, operating margins, earnings, and cash from operations; all of this while continuing to grow etch market share. We also continued to make strong progress in the development and roll out of new products in markets adjacent to our core etch business. These accomplishments continued to strength LAMs future and none of them could be achieved without the entrepreneurially spirited yet focused and disciplined employees throughout the Company who are making all of this happen. I want to commend all of our employees for their role in delivering the outstanding performance and results achieved this quarter year to date. On the industry front, order rates continued to grow at a steady pace as semiconductor factor utilization while softening in foundry still remains strong across the board. Memory in particular remains robust with continuing strong investment in capacity expansion with memory shipments from LAM in September up significantly from the June 06 quarter. Bookings are expected to remain strong and shipments will continue to grow in December over September. Foundry orders were down slightly over three quarter rolling averages, but are expected to be up in the December quarter. Shipments into the foundries declined in September over June, but will increase again in the December quarter. Logic and other segment orders were down in September, but will increase significantly in December with shipments strong in September and then down in December and then back up again as we go forward into 2007. Overall, I expect order rates to stabilize and flatten out for the next few quarters as customers continue to attempt to keep their supply coming online in balance with demand. As a function of LAMs high book to ship ratios in the past few quarters, we will be increasing our shipment levels for the next few quarters. On the new products front we have communicated our plans to introduce new products in markets adjacent to etch and in markets which leverage our core areas of expertise. Our current new markets expansion activities include products that address the following markets: wafer clean, fab clean, next-generation patterning, post implant strip and other integration strip applications, MEMS, and productivity enhancing software products for LAM tools. For the call today Ill comment most specifically on clean. We are where we want to be in terms of beta systems performance in the field. Our intent has been to work closely with a group of customers that are leaders in their industry segments and have a strong commitment to work with our new system and determine with us its ability to provide enabling results on the wafer, do it cost effectively with high production worthiness. We are pleased with the moment the system is showing in terms of getting from an R&D environment to a pilot line environment. We have specific objectives for progress by the end of the year in terms of proving out the technology on a wide variety of backend of the line and front end of the line claims, proving our product performance for reliability, throughput, and cost. So, we are on plan to these objectives and I am pleased with our early feedback from our customers. We will continue to expand our customer base for development and evaluation systems in the first half of calendar year 07 and well ramp our shipment levels starting in the third quarter of calendar year 07. We are making good progress in each of our other new product areas and are on track to deliver around $100 million in incremental revenue in calendar year 07 from the combination of these products. Martin addressed the financials around our announcement to acquire silicone growing and fabrication assets of Bullen Ultrasonics. This transaction supports the competitive position and capability of primarily our dielectric etch products by providing access to and control of critical IP and manufacturing technology related to the production of silicone parts in our processing chambers. Weve worked with the team at Bullen for many years and I am confident there will be a smooth integration of our two companies once the transaction closes. This is a great group of people, smart and customer focused, and were looking forward to working even closer with them as we go forward in the future. I will now move to guidance for the December quarter. We expect orders to be flat plus or minus 5%. Revenues are expected to be in the range of $605 million to $625 million, our shipments will increase approximately 4% to 5%, gross margins are expected to come in around 51%, and operating margins are again expected to be above 30% at the revenue guidance midpoint. This results in earnings per share guidance of $1.07 to $1.11 on an assumed share count of 145 million and a tax rate of 22%. From a directional standpoint, I expect March quarter shipments to be up an additional 5% to 10% over the December quarter shipments. With that, I will turn the call back over to Kathleen.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Operator, well now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session. If you have a question please press the * followed by the 1 on your push button phone. If you would like to decline from the polling process press the * followed by the 2. You will hear a three-tone prompt acknowledging your selection and if youre using speaker equipment you will need to lift the handset before pressing the numbers. Please limit your questions to one question only. One moment please for the first question, and our first question is from Bill Ong with American Technology Research, please go ahead.
Bill Ong, American Technology Research: Congratulations on a nice quarter. I know that youve clearly demonstrated your market share gains in the memory market, but can offer some color on your competitive presence on the logic market because the etch segment is a little bit more competitive than the memory segment? Thanks.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bill. We have done very well in the general purpose logic arena. Weve picked up share this year. If we exclude microprocessor from the logic space and call those two different categories, our market share in the general purpose logic space is actually slightly higher than what it is for our overall product line in general. Were very strong at a number of the major general purpose logic manufacturers around the world.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jay Deahna with JP Morgan, please go ahead.
Jay Deahna, JP Morgan: Thank you. Good afternoon Steve, a couple of questions here for you. Next year, calendar 2007, which segment of the etch market do you expect to gain the most share in, silicone or dielectric? Then the second question is I believe you suggested in your opening comments that order strength looks like it can continue for the next couple of quarters, thats a little bit different than what you said 90 days ago, Im wondering where thats coming from, and if thats true theres your capital spending outlook or wafer fab equipment spending outlook for next year, is that different than what it was 90 days ago?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, on etch market share, I think that when we look at whats going to happen on the basis of the remaining decisions that are being made in the second half of 2006, which will largely manifest themselves in what kind of market share we see in 07, I would expect that we will gain additional share in conductor but that will not be quite as significant as the fact that we will make more market share gains in dielectric, in terms of dielectric share gains in both memory and in foundry. Where were at now is at the 65 nanometer node with essentially 50% market share, and deliveries in 07 are going to largely be 90 nanometer with a significant increase in 65 nanometer to the point where probably 65% of 65-nanometer type deliveries in 07. So, I would expect that we will pick up 3-4 market share points in 07 as a function of the fact that the mix moves in our direction favorably at 65. Just commenting within the context of market share, a lot of people are talking about 45, while there are a few customers that will make some 45 nanometer decisions in 07, 07 is largely going to be a positioning activity for 45 nanometer and I think that we may see some decisions later in the year, but most of the 45 nanometer decisions will be made in early 08 and most of the shipments for 45 nanometer wont really occur until late 08/early 09. So, were fundamentally in a very strong position as the 90-nanometer node continues to ship out and then the 65 nanometer node ramps up and I think were also very, very competitive in the evaluation activities that are going on a 45 nanometer. So relative to order strengths, youre right, at this point in time last quarter I commented that I thought that the order environment would start to slow down beginning this quarter. Were clearly seeing that for the most part memory makers are continuing to place orders, are continuing to want to add investment. Most of that now has actually shifted from a situation where NAND was approximately 45% of total memory, NAND is beginning to decline a little bit down to more like high 30s as a percent of overall memory, and were beginning to see DRAM investment pick up significantly, and this is both at the major players as well as some of the second tier players that have placed orders for memory. So my expectation is that this will continue for a couple of quarters and then well see how the demand environment really plays itself out, because I think customers are still very tuned in to watching the demand environment and while order rates are certainly strong weve continued to see very strong unit growth and therefore the need for more wafer starts, and thats true in particular memory but its also true in certain aspects of foundry where foundry continues to invest and while its not investing at an accelerated rate its investing at a very consistent rate, its investment levels in 06 are still well below the peak investment that occurred in 04. So, I still believe that overall the industry is behaving in a pretty rational way and the fact that orders are starting to level out, I view it as a healthy sign, I view it as a sign that semiconductor manufacturers are responding to the amount of capacity theyve added to the market place, theyre trying to sink that up with demand, and I think were at a pretty healthy supply-demand situation right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
Satya Kumar, Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks Steve, a good quarter. A couple of questions, Im wondering about this rationality question a little bit drilling down into the specifics of memory. Three months ago I guess you were sounding a lot more cautious in terms of demand for memory for NAND FLASH and clearly most of the orders strength is coming from memory, what specifically do you right now think about supply and demand for memory? Of course, we have our views but wed like to hear what you guys think. The second part of the question is totally different; where exactly is your break even today and can you give us an update as to what you plan to do with the cash flow that youre generating, and is it reasonable to expect that at some point down the road you guys might actually step up your share repurchase, and also if you can talk about whether you will take debt to buybacks at any point in the future?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Martin will answer the financially related questions. In terms of the demand for memory, were clearly seeing that some of the big growth for NAND FLASH is beginning to slow down a little bit and the question is when does it pick up again as we really look at trying to model NAND FLASH going into a variety of current hard drive applications on PCs and when that will begin to start to manifest itself and then of course if we look at MP3 players and we look at other cellphone applications and whats happening in the growth in terms of significant density requirements being present. So, I still think that NAND is going to be very robust, but it may fall off into the 170%, maybe even 150% bit growth, and so I think that were in a period of consolidation where the rapid rate of output relative to NAND will slow down a little bit, but its still going to very subsumative and then were likely to add the next wave sometime later in 07 or early 08 as new applications come online. With DRAM, more and more people are coming to the realization that 1 gigabyte RAM versus Vista and kind of the minimum need for 1 gigabyte and actually better optimized with 2 gigabyte is really going to create and is already creating a very strong demand for DRAMs in PC-related applications. Were also beginning to see that as the number of applications for DRAM and other consumer-related types of products continues to grow, were seeing big growth in DRAM expand from what had been about 55% year-over-year big growth is now moving back up into the 65% to 70% range. So, we have a resurgence of DRAM-related demand and so when you still put these two together, I still think were still looking at 20% plus year as we go forward and the need to add capacity to support a very strong demand environment for memory.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Satya, its a long time since someone has asked me a question on break even point, so just to give you that perspective, obviously its a long way from where we are today. Weve historically articulated break even point for the Company at or about the $200 million revenue level and mathematically and without any significant restructuring activities in the Company that still is a reasonable place holder for break even point. The one other dimension to answering that question thats important to kind of keep visible for everybody is we clearly do have a fair amount of variability in this cost structure. We are today and we talked at the last earnings call about our commitment to invest appropriately in etch and new products consistent with the opportunities and the timings of those opportunities with customers, and those things are quite difficult to answer when the question is so specific as a break even point, but mathematically the $200 million scenario is still within reach. From a cash perspective, you had a couple of dimensions to your question. Clearly, there is a statement of priority for use of cash in the Company and the first is to invest in the profitable growth of the Company, and yesterdays announcement probably most illustrates the importance of making that a priority for the Company to the extent that we have cash that is excess to the requirements that we see in front of us then weve committed as the function of the share repurchase plan of record to return excess cash to shareholders via repurchase. We do spend a lot of time looking at the choices and the opportunities as an executive team and also at the board of director level. We do have $330 million still remaining in the current authorization and so until we get to a point where that is fully used, we likely wont be in the public domain announcing a change.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
James Covello, Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon guys, thanks so much and congratulations on terrific results this quarter. I just have two quick questions. First, Steve, some of the third parties for NAND are now suggesting, including IDC and iSupply are now suggesting as 30% or 40% excess capacity situation or excess supply situation of NAND FLASH next year. I guess how comfortable you feel with continued strong levels of NAND investment, I know youre saying it might moderate a little bit, but why wouldnt it moderate a little more in the face of 30% or 40% excess supply? And then second on DRAM, to the extent were going to go to 2 gigs per box, thats going to violate the historical rules of the cogs as a percentage of total system cost and do you think that its likely that youre going to violate the rule just for incremental DRAM that may or may not be necessary? Thanks so much and congratulations again.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jim, I appreciate the congratulations. If we end up 30% or 40% excess NAND supply, I mean I think clearly we would see a slow down in the rate of expansion. I kind of expect that, and while were not really specifically yet commenting on how we size 2007 because we want to kind of watch this thing play itself out for the next two or three months at least, its not going to be surprising if the overall investment in NAND declines next year. It will still be a significant amount of investment around $10 billion in CapEx or so, but I think that clearly with a lot of the major NAND suppliers also producing DRAM, they view that as a big advantage because theyll just basically convert some of their wafer starts to DRAM activity and I think were already seeing that occur where some of the planned capacity adds that were targeted to go into a NAND line have now been converted to a DRAM line. So well watch that carefully, but I think in terms of overall memory its beginning to look like theres some degree of consolidation, some degree of slowing of the rate of overall investment, but its still overall for memory as a whole; I expect in 07 it will still be a greater amount of capital spend or certainly a greater amount of wafer fab equipment spent for memory wafer starts in 07 versus 06. In terms of PC content on the high end, youre likely to have the DRAMsso if you have a 2-gig content, it looks like youre going to end up where youre at 6% to 7% of the cogs. I dont know, youre more familiar with the rule of violation of memory content, but I think that what were hearing from the major memory suppliers is that theyre seeing a very strong demand to put that kind of memory into the PC and well see what that does to pricing, because clearly if we get the DRAM volume up we know well get some of the pricing to drop, but that will just increase the overall demand, which will ultimately end up creating a situation where were going to have to add more wafer starts. So, I think well have to see how that plays itself out, but I think theres a pretty strong move to put 2-gig into these PCs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from CJ Muse with Lehman Brothers, please go ahead.
CJ Muse, Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon, I had a quick question for you Steve. On the last call you suggested that foundry spending would remain pretty steady and it would be steady investors on CapEx, and I guess this quarter was pretty weak and now youre forecasting an uptake in the fourth quarter, can you sort of characterize what evolved over the last three months and what gives you sort of the confidence on the fourth quarter strength and then whether thats sustainable? Then two quick followups to that; can you tell us what the shipment level were in September and whether or not you shipped your first fab clean tool? Thank you.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: So relative to foundry, foundry wasnt really all that weak. It was just below the three quarter average. So, our orders last quarter foundry was 26% for us and it dropped to 16%, but a lot of that had to do with the fact that memory in total for us was up significantly this quarter. So, it dropped the percent down to 16% of our orders but it was only slightly below a rolling three quarter average that you would expect to see for orders. You always have lumpiness in these orders and I expect that we will continue to see. So, when we look at the next quarter, this quarter in December I expect foundry orders will be higher, I expect overall orders that the foundry companies place with the company will be higher, but not substantially. And when we look at shipments, we basically have an offset when orders are up in a given quarter and the shipments will follow, and shipments tend to be a lot smoother than orders because we can smooth out with the use of a factory loading and build plan and so the shipment activity at foundry was a little bit lower in September and it will be about 10% to 12% in December, and then I think it potentially will hover in that vicinity. So, we kind of have a situation where theres a pretty steady overall output of shipments into the foundry industry that ultimately comes out to about 16% or 17% of the total investment thats being spent on wafer fab is going into foundry, and thats a very healthy number relative to their role in the industry. We have begun the process of putting fab clean systems out into the field. These are evaluation units so they wont show up in any of the shipment numbers, they wont show up in any bookings or revenue numbers until ultimately they turn for booking and revenue, which we would not expect for a number of quarters from now, but weve been successful at doing the integration of the hardware onto the 2300 platform, getting the software integrated in, and so were beginning the process of putting those products out in the field and doing extensive evaluation and qualification work with customers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup, please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri, Citigroup Global Markets: Hi guys, actually I had two things. Number one, Steve, I had in my model that the midrange of the shipment guidance was like 665, so it looks like the shipments came in a little bit late, and Im wondering a) why that would be and then b) you guys do a lot of work on capital intensity and things like that, and Im wondering what your view is right now of capital intensity in the memory stage, because according to my numbers in 2006 from a CapEx-to-sales point of view were going to be close to 50% and thats about 10% higher than weve ever been in the past 10 years and were in the face of what could be a slow down in NAND demand, things like that, so Im what your view is there.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Ill take the shipment piece of that. To your point, we guided 20% to 25% for the September quarter and came in at 18% and honestly the story is identical to last quarter, anticipating and getting perfectly correct the ship dates for any one week or any one quarter is a fairly challenging task and just like we shared with you in the June quarter when a number of systems that we had originally scheduled to ship in June ended up shipping in early July, the same thing has happened in September and October. So, there really is no fundamental message there worthy of any comments, its really simply a scheduling issue in days and a couple of weeks at the outside.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: So, lets talk about CapEx intensity and CapEx versus revenues for the memory group in particular. When I go back and look at the two biggest overspending periods, memory in 1996 with the Korean expansion really got CapEx as a percent of revenue way out of whack, it was actually 70%. And then in 2001 when again we saw a significant amount of over investment, it was 60%. So today, we show in 2006 that memory CapEx as a percent of revenue is about 40.5%. On a historical basis thats certainly well below the big excess spending periods that occurred in 1996 and 2001, its slightly higher than the runrate that memory had been running at from 2002 to 2004 and we saw memory run for three years at about 37%, and then in 2005 it jumped up to 40%, and part of the reason for that is we have had a lot of unit growth and weve had a lot of demand for wafer starts, but more importantly weve had a big conversion of 200 mm output that has had to be converted to 300 mm, because it was not cost effective. So that added probably 10% additional CapEx, which would take you from about 36% of percent of revenue to 40% of revenues, so I still believe that even in memory were in an area of spending that still makes sense relative to the output required and relative to the past history of memory and CapEx investment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brett Hodess with Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Brett Hodess, Merrill Lynch: Hi Steve, Id like to just follow up quickly on the ratio you just gave for 1996 and 2001. In those periods you had two DRAM oversupply and the average selling prices fell absolutely dramatically, so the sales of the memory companies dropped dramatically as they hadnt anticipated that of course which boosted those ratios that you just gave. They certainly didnt plan on spending at those levels, isnt that correct and therefore were in a very different situation right now because pricing really on DRAM has been very stable at this point?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Brett I think youre exactly right, there were a couple of things going on back then too, is that we think back on who the memory players were in 1996 you have a lot of companies that were chasing after the opportunities that were present in memory. You still had a lot of that present in 2000 and 2001. Today, you fundamentally have really five major memory players, maybe six or seven depending upon where you want to draw the line and you end up in situation where you really have a lot more visibility, or the memory companies have a lot more visibility as to how capacity additions are coming online and how theyre likely to impact the overall imbalance of supply and demand. So youre right, pricing is much more stable and what we dont see is that you suddenly got this huge amount of excess capacity thats going to drive the overall pricing in memory off the charts like it did back in those two timeframes. One other point was that as a function of all that volume you had 60% decline in the cost per bit and you had about 35% decline thats expected in 2007, but thats pretty typical to the normal price declines that you expect year over year. So, I dont know if what we just talked about was helpful, but I just dont see memory investment as being way out of line to demand.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve ORourke with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Steve ORourke, Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good afternoon, just a couple of questions. Historically your orders dont seem to stay steady in this industry for very long. So when you think about a flat orders environment for several quarters, how much would you attribute to ongoing share gain versus underlying industry strength? Then a second question, what are the lead times now and now that youre cycling the supply chain do you see any need to adjust your outsourcing strategy?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont know if that was luck but it tends to occur when acceleration and demand begins to slow down and the ability of the industry to bring on supply in pretty predictable ways is able to match up predictable demand growth. And one of the things that weve seen is that the industry with concentrations in foundries, concentrations of memory companies, and with fundamentally about 65% of the investment coming from memory and foundries, theres a lot more ability to really have those companies stay in better tune to supply and demand types of imbalances that used to occur in the past. The big problems in the past were you had a lot of logic companies who at the time were competing on 200 mm. Today, most of those companies have either gone to the foundries or theyre making very small investments that fundamentally dont swing the bookings environment to any significant degree. So, I think weve got fundamental changes in the number of number of customer ordering and the markets that theyre ordering into. I think that when we at it look longer term we ought to see an environment where well have an opportunity to see our shipments be expanded at LAM relative to a potentially declining bookings environment for fundamentally three reasons -- one is as a revenue on acceptance company, we have $258 million of deferred revenue, we have $74 million of systems that are shipped to Japan that have not yet revenued, and in addition to that we will expect that as a function of our market share gains, which this year were at least 8% and may very well end up the year at 47% which would represent 10%, are fundamentally contributed in 2006 to about $300 million to $350 million in additional shipments, and I would expect that even in a down year if 2007 turns out to be a down year that well still see spending in the etch area well over $3 billion, and if we pick up three or four market share points in 07 I would expect that to give us $100 million of extra revenue from that, and then the third factor being when you look at what we expect to have brought to revenue from our new product activity which we targeted at $100 million we really have quite a bit of additional revenue that we can bring to our PNL in the face of a slow down in orders and requests for shipments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Maire with Needham & Company, please go ahead.
Robert Maire, Needham & Company: Two questions; first, congratulations on some really nice numbers. Earlier in the year there was some concern that the second half of the year would fall off and now its proven that the second half of the year is up and your guidance seems to indicate flattish for the next two quarters. It sounds as if the guidance that youre giving is even if the industry itself is flat in 07 youre going to be up above that, perhaps a number of 10%, could you give us a little more qualitative view? Weve heard some others in the industry say that 07 will be up over 06, but could you lay that out a little bit further and maybe the first half of the year versus the second half of the year? Second question on Bullen, your previous strategy had been to obviously outsource and youve done a super job of that, is the primary reason to bring Bullen inside one of capturing more margin or is it containing the IT or is it really equal measures of both?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of first half and second halfand by the way thank you for your kind words Robertone, were not going to comment on what we see as a whole scenario for 07. Were going to do that in January. Clearly, if you take my guidance for shipments in December and the directionality that our shipments would be up in March, given that theres about a three-month lag for us between shipments and revenue, Ive kind of given you some visibility to what you could expect the revenue to be for December and March and to some degree even June, and so that would suggest certainly that the first half of 07 for LAM is going to be pretty good and as you suggested its going to be potentially better than what the industry might be because of market share, because we have a strong book to ship ratio and we have a high ship to revenue ratio, so we have to play that through so that will be favorable for us in the first half of 07. And what the second half is going to be, well try to comment on that a little bit in the January call, but I would characterize the current environment as somewhat frappe in terms of weve got movement of customers wanting to pull in orders and deliveries, weve got some who are talking about pushing things out a couple of months to a quarter. Overall, we still have an environment thats favorable in terms of pulling in versus pushing out, but its getting a little bit choppy and well try to provide more color to the extent that we can when we talk about our shipments and our revenue orientation in 07. Relative to Bullen, Ill just make one comment and then have Martin add his comments, is that when we look at what has been our strategy and still is, core capability is either retained inside the company or if its present in a supplier, then our ability to establish very strong and close working relationships both from a contractual standpoint and second from a mutual trust and respect standpoint are very important. Weve had that kind of relation with Bullen Ultrasonics and as a function of their desire to really change some directions in terms of where they wanted to go with the future of the business, we decided that we wanted to make sure that as their situation changed that our ability to maintain control of the IP, maintain control of the technology and therefore have the beneficial use of that technology on an ongoing basis was a very important part of our decision making process in acquiring the assets. From a financial standpoint, Ill have Martin comment about what the opportunities are there relative to your question on margins.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: To the specifics of your question Robert is it motivated by an earnings and cost play or strategic? I think the answer to Steves commentary a second ago was really strategic. Our focus is clearly on long-term competitive positioning. We talked about the dielectric tool and we talked a lot about market share. Preserving a supply chain of high-quality, low-cost silicone parts is a very strategic component of that roadmap. To the financial side of your question, there really is a reason why we characterize the accretion statement as essentially neutral in fiscal 07 and modestly accretive ongoing. There clearly will be opportunities through an integration process to realize opportunities to reduce cost. We clearly have eliminated what used to be a profit margin for a suppler in the context of our supply chain. The other side of an acquisition obviously is depreciation and amortization costs on intangible assets that weve acquired, and if you remember my earlier commentary about 25% of the purchase price is a tangible asset and about 75% intangible and about half of that intangible is kind of goodwill and the rest of it certainly identified. So thats the mix, clearly strategic exceeds earnings in the short term relative to our motivation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lucas.
Michael Lucas: Hello, just to actually quantify the statements because I think theres a lot of information out there from third parties, what are your thoughts on the 2007 memory market for yourself or for NAND in general?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Were not going to detail out what we think is going to happen in 2007 until our January call, but relative to what we are seeing up in clearly our September quarter 75% of our orders were for memory and 47% of the memory orders were for NAND. Were expecting another strong quarter of memory orders in the December quarter, although it will drop from 75% of our order book to probably somewhere around 60% to 65%, but still a very strong order situation for memory, and I expect that we will see that kind of environment be in place perhaps for the next quarter as well but totally unpredictable what memory companies will do once you get outside of the current quarter that were in. Our market share is over 50% in memory as a whole and I would expect that that will continue to be the case throughout 2007.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Manish Goyal with TIA, please go ahead.
Manish Goyal, TIA: My question has been answered, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question is from Steven Paleo with HSBC, please go ahead.
Steven Paleo, HSBC: A couple of questions here, first of all on the cash, you guys are talking about a goal of 30% of revenue from operating cash flow, I think thats about $600 million or $700 million this year. Youve got $1.4 billion in cash on the balance sheet. Thats an incredible asset turn metrics, very low break even, to talk about an authorization of $330 million almost seems kind of ridiculous, it seems like you really need to be doing quite a bit more especially since youre trading at a discount for your peers out there. Actually cash is now greater than equity, can you help me understand the timing and the magnitude of what your stock repurchase plan is, what is the board really thinking here, is there some other strategic reason that were holding on to this so much? My other question is, why this kind of flattish revenue guidance if shipments were quite a bit higher this quarter and guided up next quarter? And then if you exclude all the one times, I think your kind of ongoing tax rate was down a bit this quarter, am I right there?
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Ill pick two of them, Ill deal with the easiest one first, the tax question. The tax rate actually was almost kind of flat sequentially as an operating tax rate where we came in at 21.7 operating. We did actually guide at the 25% assumption, so guidance sequentially was pretty similar and I would expect this to be in this range at least for the remainder of the fiscal year, and we will kind of get to the next fiscal and figure things out from there. Relative to your cash question, I guess ridiculous or not, thats the plan. We are very, very disciplined about the stall process in the decision inside of the company and the timing of those announcements outside of the company, and the reality is we are generating cash that exceeds at least operational needs. Just to be very clear about the guidance that weve articulated in the targets for the year, we actually targeted 25% of the revenues for the year, the second half of the target we modified to the 30% level, none of that really kind of changes the essence of your question. It gets a lot of time and attention inside of the company and youll be the first to know along with everybody else when we change the plan.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: So relative to your question, Steven, about shipments or revenue, were basically in a situation where we kind of have a U-shaped shipment profile between September and December. We had customer demand for a lot of shipments early in September quarter in the July and August timeframe. Many of those we were able to ship and turn and receive acceptances. We then had requests for lower shipments in September and October, and then recently we had a bunch of customers come in and ask us for accelerated shipments in November and December, which we will be able to accommodate those shipment levels but not be able to turn them around fast enough to finish the installation and get acceptance, so thats why you see our revenue numbers not really moving up as high as you might expect given how much the shipment numbers have increased, but I think youll see that situation improve itself as we go forward with our shipments, our expectations in March, and I think wed have some strong revenue expectations as we get out of that U-shaped shipment curve that I just described.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations: We are running out of time but we do have time for one or two more questions.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus, please go ahead.
Patrick Ho, Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thanks a lot and congratulations on another nice quarter. Most of my questions have been answered, but just one in terms of the market share gains you guys talked about earlier, Steve, you mentioned that conductor and dielectric is where you see the potential gains in 2007, would it be fair to characterize that Japan is the area where you can see most of those incremental gains?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Im not sure if I would say it that way. Certainly, I would agree that weve had very significant market share gains in Japan in 2006; weve probably gained 5 or 6 market share points in Japan. Weve had a very strong year in Taiwan, were probably up 7 or 8 points there, we were up in China, and certainly we were up in Korea but not to that same 6% to 8% that were seeing in Japan and Taiwan. But, were very pleased with the process that weve made in Japan, were certainly enjoying significant market share at the largest capital spender in Japan, and were very proud of our team in Japan. Theyve done a great job in building relationships and supporting our customers in Japan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Gary Hsueh with CIBC World Markets, please go ahead.
Srini, CIBIC World Markets: Hi, this is Srini calling for Gary Hsueh. I have a couple of quick questions. Could you please comment on the order and distribution in the March 07 quarter for the foundry, logic, and memory sectors?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Im not going to do that because were not currently talking about orders in the March timeframe. Our order distribution in the December timeframe we talked about, but were not going to be talking about orders as we go forward in 07 but well be happy to talk about the specifics of shipments and revenue as we go forward in the January call.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations: Okay, thank you operator and that is all the time we have this afternoon. Wed like to thank everyone again for dialing into todays call. We appreciate to your interest and look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the LAM Research September Quarter 2006 Financial Results Conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations   Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer   Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers   Unidentified Participant - Goldman Sachs   Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse   Robert Maire - Needham & Company   Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets   Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Global Markets   Jay Dana - J. P. Morgan   Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities   Steve OWorth, Deutsche Bank Securities   David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.   Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities   Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus & Company
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the LAM Research Corporation June Quarter 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Following todays presentation, instructions will be given for the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations, please go ahead maam.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the quarter ending June 25th 2006 and the business outlook for the September 2006 quarter. By now you should have received the copy of todays press release, which was distributed by Business Wire at approximately at 1 p.m. We are webcasting a slide presentation in conjunction with todays commentary. The presentation can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.lamrc.com. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Except for historical information, the information LAM is about to provide and the questions LAM answers during this call may contain certain forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements that relate to the companys future revenue, orders and operating expenses, managements plans and objectives for future operations and product development, managements plans for continuing the companys stock repurchase program, global economic conditions including consumer sentiment and customer spending, and the demand acceptance and competitiveness of the companys products. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and changes in conditions, significance, value and effect that could cause results to differ materially and in ways not readily foreseeable and which are detailed in the companys SEC reports. We encourage you to read those reports in their entirety. LAM would also like to disclaim any obligation to correct or update any of the information we are about to provide. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. We ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. I will now turn the call over to Martin for discussion of the financial results.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Kathleen. This afternoon we will discuss our June 2006 Quarter Financial Results. Before focusing on the quarter, a few words to characterize our 2006 fiscal year. Company revenues exceeded $1.6 billion. Gross margin performance exceeded 50% of revenues for the second straight year. Incremental operating expense investments were focused on etch market share expansion and the actions necessary to support multiple product growth. Our effective tax rates adjusted for non-ongoing items was less than 20%, financing of $350 million provided liquidity to support a foreign earnings repatriation of $500 million and our closing net total cash balance was $1.2 billion. Highlights for the June quarter include, ordered growth of 23% sequentially at $640 million. Operating income as a percentage of revenue had a historical high point of 30.3%. A flow through of 56% from operating income growth of 45% and revenue growth of 20%. Ongoing EPS of $0.96, 300mm applications represented approximately 89% of total systems new orders and 89% of orders were for applications have less than or equal to the 90 nm technology node. Orders upside to guidance this quarter occurred in the IDM/Logic and Foundry segments. Memory orders were essentially flat compared to the prior quarter. In absolute dollars, Asia-Pacific and Japan were the two geographies exhibiting strongest sequential growth. Accordingly, systems new orders market segmentation for the quarter was memory at 40%, IDM/logic Other 34% and Foundry at 26% of the total. Dedicated land applications represented approximately half of the memory orders. Revenue of $526 million exceeded the high points of our guidance range. On increasing customer demand shipments at $543 million were up 6% sequentially, slightly less than we expected due principally for the timing of shipments between the June and July months. This scheduling effect contributed to approximately half the inventory bill sequentially. The ending unshipped grew substantially up approximately 29% of $521 million. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of our orders and revenues, please see todays press release and our website for reconciliation of new orders, shipments revenues, deferred revenues and backlogs. As presented last week in our Investors and Analyst meeting, we targeted operating income levels between 28.1% at $500 million and 30.5% at $550 million in revenues. For that reason, we see todays reported results as on the higher end of those stated objectives. Our gross margin of the quarter of 52.2% exceeded our guidance. In general, this improvement is a result of favorable mix but is not expected in future period, improving warranted performance as well as leverage from higher factory volumes. As we commented last earnings call, we are in the process of implementing our targeted fair cost price reduction to support our customers business plans, our implementation is ongoing. Operating expenses increased as planned at $1150 million reflecting the impact of variable compensation driven by higher profits and also discretionary investments to support our growth and search market expansion plans. This quarter, we finalized decisions related to foreign earnings repatriation under the Provisions of the American Jobs Creation Act. The June quarter earnings repatriation of $350 million brought the total in the year up to $500 million. The non-ongoing tax expense consequence of this final decision was approximately $17 million in June. As we fund growth in the business, we delivered cash in operations of $92 million this quarter supporting our plans to deliver cash in operations of greater than 25% of revenues this calendar year. Inventory performance continues to set the standard for the industry at 6 terms, our accounts receivable days outstanding was 71 days. In the quarter, we received 49 million from the exercise of employee equity plans and we used $37 million to repurchase slightly less than 800,000 shares at an average price of $46.93. We have $332 million remaining in our board approved stock repurchase authorization. Our total net cash balance including restricted cash was $1.2 billion at the end of June. Deferred revenue at $230 million continues to grow and exceeds our previous high watermark with the deferred profit balance at $140 million. These balances exclude approximately $74 million of anticipated future revenue values for shipments made to Japanese customers where it has not yet transferred; these shipments are currently recorded at cost in inventory. In the quarter, adjustments from backlog were a net positive $30 million reflecting a revision of estimates for installed based service contract. Order cancellations were approximately 10 million, capital expenditures including purchase of intangible assets were $26 million, depreciation and amortization was 6 million. As we invest in organization and capabilities to support our expanding etch market share and multi product growth opportunities, employment levels increased by 60 to approximately 2,400. Now to Steves comments.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Martin, and thank you for joining us today. I know that many of you attended our Analysts and Investor event held in conjunction with SEMICON West last week. However, for those of you who may not have been there, I will spend just a few moments recapping the key things of that meeting before moving on to industry comments and a review of our near-term business outlook and expected business performance. During our Analyst and Investor Meeting at SEMICON West, we outlined the focus for the company over the next few years. Specifically, we stated that we are focused on executing to the near-term production rate requirements of our customers, expanding our leadership position in etch, leveraging our etch expertise into adjacent markets and delivering best in class financial performance. I believe our June quarter results reflect our ongoing success in each area. We are pleased with our continuing market share momentum in etch, to early positioning we are achieving with our new products, and our ability to achieve strong operating income and asset management performance. Moving to the semiconductor market environment, we are currently seeing our customers respond to increasing demand and high utilization with steady continued investment. As this equipment is installed and moved into production we expect our customer base to continue to approach the need for capacity additions in a measured way. We believe that the September quarter will likely see higher orders than December, but expect that the second half 2006 orders will exceed the first half by approximately 15%. We anticipate utilization will remain relatively high through this period as a result of this measured capacity expansion activity and the normal, seasonal output RAM. We expect to see continued strength in the memory device sector for this foreseeable future. In particular, the outlook for NAND, FLASH remains solid with demand and supply expected to stabilize and price the clients to slow in the second half of 06 due to increase in demand. The increased production in the NAND, FLASH market has helped stabilize the supply demand cycle in DRAM for the near term. This demand in DRAM is expected to grow about 50% for 2006 and supply constraints have kept pricing above expectations in the first half. We are expecting capital spending in the memory sector overall to increase 25% to 30% in 2006 with CapEx in NAND, FLASH to double year-over-year and be about 45% of the memory mix, with spending in the other memory categories expected to be slightly up year-over-year. Our orders for memory suppliers in the June quarter were essentially flat quarter-over-quarter while declining as a percent of orders to 40% from 52% last quarter. The mix was about 50/50 between NAND, FLASH and other memory. Demand for Foundry products remained solid through the second quarter, and has been better than seasonally normal in the first half of 2006. Utilization rates remained high at the leading edge and Foundries have responded with orders for front-end equipments to incrementally add capacity for production in the second half of calendar year 06. We expect a 26% increase in CapEx spending in 2006 to about 7.2 billion, still notably below the 9.6 billion level of 2004, and slightly below the average spending from Foundries for the years 2004, 2005. During the June quarter of 2006, our Foundry orders were above expectations and increased more than 70% sequentially. We have been successful in the past year at winning new applications at the Foundries particularly in dielectric etch and are now receiving volume orders and are shipping many systems related to those winds. As for the remaining logic IDM market, we saw a strong June quarter bookings growth driven by 300mm expansion plans from around the world. Overall, we expect wafer fab equipment shipments to increase about 7% to 10% into logic IDM customers during 2006 with a total wafer fab equipment market growing 31% from 22.5 billion to 30 billion in calendar year 2006. As Martin outlined, the June quarter for LAM Research achieved records and milestones as we exceeded growth and operating margin targets versus our model. We were able to achieve our operating margin target of 30% one quarter faster than planned. A record ordered level of 640 million is a strong indication of our customers trust in the capabilities of our people, products and services. As I noted last week, we are expecting our market should gain momentum to continue in 2006 with seven to eight points of shipment shared gains which will result in 44% to 45% total etch market share. We are expecting our booked market share to be higher than shipped share in 2006 driving further share gain in 2007 as the 65 nm node begins to ship in greater volume. Our target of 10 to 12 new application wins in the in the first half of 2006 was met with a gain of 11 new wins making the total since the start of 2005 a net gain of 18 application wins. We are gaining share in a broad based fashion across all regions, all the wise types and films, with a strong trend toward a higher share at each advancing technology node. We are continuing to make progress and positioning our new clean product and announce that SEMICON West our new double clean product, which focuses on improving deals through the defects at the edge of the wafer. Our strategy is to leverage our platform and product architectures with our global etch knowledge to develop enhanced productivity solutions for our customers. Im pleased with the progress we are making in getting these new products into the market. These targeted adjacent market represent an opportunity to expand our available market to 19% to 22% of wafer fab equipment and that a potential $700 to $900 million in additional revenue in the next 3 to 5 years. Now I would like to move on to guidance for this September quarter. We expect orders to be up 5% to 10%, revenue in the $580 to $600 million range, our shipments will be up 20% to 25% and our gross margins will be around 51.5%. Our operating margin will be greater than 30% at the revenue guidance midpoint and our earnings per share will be between $1 and $1.05 per share with the share count assumed at 145 million shares and a tax rate assumed to be 25%. Having given this guidance, I want to announce that in the future, we will stop giving bookings guidance effective with our January 2007 conference call. We are going to stop giving bookings guidance, as a function of the fact that our focus is on shipments, revenue and operating profit and that is consistent with having run the business. Our assessment of business momentum is to find by market share and new application penetrations. As a company, we are focused on short-term execution operationally and financially and a long term positioning of our new product in the new markets and how they affect the future of our business. Lead times are now so sure that our customers are leveraging that capability evidenced by the short term nature of our backlog, that in order some backlog guidance becomes less valuable as a statement of cycled momentum. And many of our investors have indicated that they see little benefit to bookings guidance and prefers to talk about the execution performance of the company and our longer-term prospects in the business. In closing, I want to thank and commend the efforts of our employees who are keeping our product and service offerings aligned to the needs of our customers while meeting the rigorous demands of the significant production ramp with outstanding on-time delivery of high quality products and services. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Kathleen for Q&A.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Operator, we are ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from CJ Muse with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, good afternoon. I guess first question is, could you elaborate more I guess on what gave you the confidence that bookings in the second half can be 15% greater than the first half and whether or not visibility extends into the first half of 07 and then I have a quick follow up.
Steve Newberry: Well, what gives me confidence is that we have a pretty good visibility of what the customers are willing to book in the September quarter. Order activity in the first three weeks of the quarter has actually been very robust and so we believe that the September quarter be in that 5% to 10% up range. I think that when we look at what the customers are telling us they plan to do over the rest of the second half, while their order rate looks like its going to come down from what is planned to book in September, its still going to be a good quarter just not as high as the September quarter. I think that most customers when they look at whats going on in the demand environment, in many of the segments, the demand for IT units has been pretty strong. We are forecasting that we think IC unit growth in calendar 2006 is going to be about 18% or 19% and I think that with that kind of demand, there is going to be a continuing need to make continuing ongoing prudent investments in wafer fab equipment and so I think that we should expect that December will be a quarter where there is good order volume just not as high as September.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers: And a quick follow up, with Japan strengthening here in the bookings front, Martin can you talk a little bit about how we should think about any at all impact in terms of deferred revenues and gross margin?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, its a continuation of the message we kind of floated out for some while. You will remember for the majority of the business, for the non-Japan business, the cycle from a shipment to a statement of revenue the acceptance ranges between one and four months for us. And in the case of Japan, title does not transfer to our customers until that point of acceptance and so what happens is the product that we ship gets recorded in our finished goods inventory until the point of acceptance. Typically, those acceptance cycles today are getting very close to the worldwide average so in kind of pure physical terms I wouldnt expect a big disconnect between the shipment events and the revenue. Just know that the accounting is slightly different, the balance never gets into deferred revenue, it just sits as inventory until its accepted and then shows up on the face of the P&L.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, I guess in terms of fixed costs, no wouldnt they have an impact when youre building the tools for Japan?
Martin Anstice: No, absolutely no consequence at all. I guess, all the product is valid in just the same way. The only nuance with Japan is the deferred revenue cost, the underlying accounting, the value of the tools, the margins all gets accounted for in the same way.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes for Jim Cavello with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, this is Arkit on behalf of Jim Cavello. Just a quick question on the use of cash, given the record cash on the balance sheet, just curious what your thoughts are regarding share repurchases, dividends et cetera?
Martin Anstice: The number one objective here relative to use of cash is totally invest in the profitable growth of the company. And directly to your question, we are executing today and generating cash on operation at record levels and we are still absolutely focused on delivering cash from operations above 25% of revenues for the calendar year and based on our performance in the first half of the year, we would have an exception that we can generate cash from operations at a level thats greater than 30% of revenues in the second half of this calendar year. We have as you know a board approved stock repurchase plan which is the chosen path by the company to return excess cash to shareholders and we continue to exercise our plan according to the approval and I have expectations that, that will continue to be the path we will pursue in the coming quarters.
Unidentified Participant: Okay, great, thats very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from with Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Hi. I saw that -- on Analyst Day, you guys sounded fairly cautious in terms of the capacity editions from NAND, FLASH and I guess it looks like just looking at very different (inaudible) maybe down 4% or so based on whatever youve said before. Specifically when orders start declining (inaudible) 50% or 60%, do you think that the cycle -- is there any reason to think that this cause maybe any difference?
Steve Newberry: Satya, I think that what we are seeing is that investment in memory and the continued investment in both the NAND and DRAM was steady this quarter and I would expect it in the September quarter an increase in total memory investment with the ratios maybe being a little higher in the September quarter in terms of NAND, FLASH order content, but as the year goes on, due to the favorable pricing environment and strong demand in DRAM, that we are going to see continued investment in DRAM from an ordering standpoint all the way through the end of the year. I think thats driven by the fact that there is clearly positioning going on to preconfigure PC sales for the Vista operating system and if there is expectation that there will be strong PC demand in 2007 as a function of Vista and other elements of a upgrade cycle for servers and desktops et cetera. So I think that what we are looking at here is we have a pretty good investment over the last four quarters, I think its going to represent that CAPEX will be about 21% of semiconductor revenue, I think thats a very healthy level. I think that we probably settled on the fact that maybe 20% of revenue is about the right point to be at. And so I see the industry beginning to make adjustments in their rate of how much capacity theyre adding and beginning to bring that down slowing from the levels of equipment that they are bringing in right now I think that the industry again like they did in 2004 and 2005 is behaving very rationally, the amount of capacity additions are rational and logical in this timeframe based on unit demand growth. And I see them slowing down that rate of investment, as they work on keeping supply and demand in sync, and so I dont expect to see a large correction. I think that there is every reason to believe that 2007 from a demand standpoint will be a good year. I think later in 2007, if we look at the historical behaviors of what the money supplies are operating in the year before a US election and weve got China as in Olympics here in 2008, so I think that 2007 is going to be an interesting year and its way too early to predict exactly whats going to happen, but I think the industry is behaving very prudently and I think we are going to see some slowdown in the rate of investment, but I dont think its going to be significant.
 Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay, I mean I guess, just to ask you a different way. You know, if you dont see the historical type of 50% decline but lets say we go over the 30% or 35% decline, your gross margin at the last cycle was something like 19%, is it reasonable to think that maybe in this cycle, the gross margin level -- maybe if you look at the two cycles of growth, the gross margins are negative, but is there a trend where the gross margins can actually get higher at the next gross overlap?
Steve Newberry: I think thats a good question and before I answer specifically what we are going to be targeting to do, I think one you know, what occurred a couple of cycles ago is fundamentally almost totally irrelevant in terms of looking at LAM Research because that cycle in 2001, 2002, we were on a completely different business model. We have completely restructured the company and so the performance of the company in the 2004-2005 cycle is far more representative of what we would be targeting to do. So if we were in a scenario along the lines of what you talked about just using your numbers, we would expect that we have the opportunity to apply decisions as to what we want to do it, the variable cost structure of our P&L. We can move our factory cost structure down very rapidly and therefore maintain good gross margins as a function of our outsourced strategy in our factory, the key factor for us will be during this time period of whatever level of bookings slowdown occurs or shipment in revenue slowdown occur, we are using 2007 as a key year for positioning of new products. And so our expectation is we are going to maintain our operating expense investment in the cycle and that might put potentially a little more pressure on our operating margin but that will be by choice. If we decide that or if we look at the downside, we feel like its going to be more severe than what we are talking about here, we have the flexibility in our financial model to make decisions with discretionary spending and to make the adjustments and my target would be that we would not drop below 15% operating income but that we have every opportunity to operate 20% depending upon the magnitude of the situation.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay, if we could speak one more thing, given that you are not going to guide bookings going forward from the January month I guess, is there something else that you can give us in terms of trying to evaluate how well your progress is -- how much progress you are making the new growth areas, would you be discussing that separately or give us some ways to think about that in the future? Thanks.
Steve Newberry: Sure. We will be talking about the progress that we are making in positioning our new product activity, so we will talk specifically about that. We will also look at providing perhaps a little broader horizon on what we see as our shipment activity, our revenue activity, and how we would expect our operating margins will perform, but we will definitely be talking very specifically on a quarter by quarter basis what kind of progress we are making in getting penetrations of our new products as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Robert Maire with Needham & Company, please go ahead.
Robert Maire - Needham & Company: Yes. If I look at your guidance in the second half now talking about being up significantly, it sounds like most of that is on the Foundry side. There has been some concerning among some of industry watchers and other firms that we might have seen some weaknesses, is mostly the increase youre expecting is that shared gain or do you think that their overall standing is up or you know, perhaps you could give us a little more detail on that.
Steve Newberry: Well from an order standpoint, we expect the orders will be up about 15%, second half versus first half, and the reality is, is thats not really coming from some accelerated amount of ordering in the Foundry. The Foundries are actually going to be very steady investors in the second quarter and on an going-forward basis, so again I think weve talked about the behavior of the Foundries. I think they have got a very good model of how they try to add capacity in small incremental bunches and ordering pieces of equipments every three months or even six months and they are operating to that model. I think memory is going to be a place strong and continued investment in the second half of the year and I think thats a function of whats happening in the NAND markets and the fact that you still have 50% growth in DRAM. So I dont think what I talked about in terms of second half versus first half is the Foundry issue, its a combination of all the segments and again they are going to be investing a little bit higher in the September, or they are ordering a little bit high in September and a little bit less in December.
Robert Maire - Needham & Company: Okay, just to clarify, if you are talking about being up 16% do you think overall spending or orders would do with perhaps the industry average being lower given your share gain?
Steve Newberry: Yeah, Im glad you reminded me about that. There is no question that when you look at the percentages that we are sharing that there is a significant aspect of it, thats the function of our share gain. Perhaps one way to demonstrate that would be, if we look at the etch market size in 2004, about $3.3 billion and our expectations that the etch market will -- ship market will be about $3.9 billion in 2006, I mean the etch market grew about 18% from 04 to 06, we are going to grow 66% in that same timeframe, so we are going to grow about 3.66 times more than what the etch market grew. So if you translate that into market share points, back in 2004 we were about 34%, today I have just recently commented on the fact that I believe we will be at 44% to 45% market share, so we have greater than 10 market share points of a game. On a $3.9 billion market that translates to at least $390 million of incremental shipments and revenue as a function of that market share, so clearly there is an aspect of our bookings growth thats greater than the industry and greater than the competitors and certainly our revenue growths and our shipments growth will be more accelerated than our competitors as a function of those market share games.
Robert Maire - Needham & Company: Okay, so if you are 15% percent in the second half, its fair to assume that the reminder of the market might only be up 5% or 10%?
Steve Newberry: Right, because the 50% is LAM and thats not the industry, and if you had to calculate the impact of market share, the industry as a whole would be down much closer to the number that we just talked about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Hsueh with CIBC World Markets, please go ahead.
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Yeah Steve, the last time you are going to be giving the last quarter kind of commentary guidance on orders, I thought I might try to pin you down a little bit more here, you talked about NAND, FLASH and memory generally growing as a percentage the overall order content in September, I had to presume that Korea is going to be coming back because of that. Now if I look at your 15% up for the second half in terms of orders that suggest that orders are down in just number roughly 9% to 10%. Are the points actually sabotaging December and pulling into September is that kind whats driving your order outlook for December?
Steve Newberry: Well, I mean I want to make sure that -- I made I have heard part of your commentary right, but I mean memory in the September quarter is going to be about 68% of our order mix. So there is clearly an increase in memory ordering in the September quarter, and memory will go down in the December quarter. Most of that will be a reduction in NAND, FLASH ordering with DRAM and other memory actually being pretty consistent. And so I think that while your overall perspective of what the orders for LAM might be down in December, there is an element of pull in activity, but there is also an element of some push out activity. If we looked at the previous three quarters they would be dominated by pull in type of activities and we are now in a period where while there is still pull ins, there is some push out activity going, its still netting in favor of pull in, but I would expect as we go forward over the next three or four months, that we will see those things kind of balance out a little bit, but I wouldnt necessarily say that September is up because of orders being pulled forward from December.
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Okay. Well the other thing I was trying to get at is, is the downward trends in orders in December, thats something you know, thats a consistent trend as you see or is it because of sort of near term pull in and push out thats kind of driving out something in September going to December?
Steve Newberry: Well I think that - I mean, when you look at memory, part of our order situation for memory in September is because there were some orders we expected in June but the customer actually didnt place the orders until the September quarter and you know, one of the reasons that we are kind of been moving away from bookings guidance is the fact that the future is always lumpy and we are sitting here today and Im kind of giving you a picture of what September looks like and December is going to be down slightly from September, but we could sit here and talk a month from now and all it takes is one customer decide to move the fab in and all of a sudden December looks different and maybe that pulled in from March, but maybe it didnt. So its really hard to answer your question in terms of it having any validity because what has occurred in the last five days will in fact change over the next five or ten days in the future. So I dont think you should draw out too much from pull-ins and push-outs in terms of what the impact is of September, of a December and its one of the reasons why we I kind of talk about you know, heres the order environment for the second half and this is what we kind of see theyre going to do and the actual timing of when they actually place the orders we cant control that. I mean, we dont really worry about it very much, but in the second half, we would expect that when its all said and done, our orders at LAM will be about 15% higher than what we booked in the first half of 06.
Operator: Thank you, your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup, please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri, Citigroup Global Markets: Hi. Two things, first of all Steve, it would seem that with (ASML) this morning talking about orders being down roughly 30% sequentially for you know, calendar Q3, it would seem that maybe you know, the orders that you are seeing in September and December are kind of the last gasp to kind of fill up all that little you know, tools that have been ordered during the first half of the year. So it would seem that the conversation should shift to what the margins are going to look like during a down shift in shipments and in revenues, so I am wondering if you did $320 million in revenue much like you did during the 12th of 04, would your operating margin be - would you be able to hold it at that same 19%?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think thats a good question. I think certainly the ability to do that exist in the flexibility in our model. Whether we will choose to do that is another thing given the timing of whatever adjustments occur in the cycle because our purpose in 2007 is going to be about getting our new clean product, continually positioned about getting our bevel cleaner out there and about getting our patterning tool, and so we are very focused that one of our big priorities in 2007 is on product positioning and we will spend the necessary R&D and other operating expenses to achieve that. Now we would expect that our margin profile would be similar to what we were able to achieve from the highs in 04 and then to the lows in 05 where we kind of came off in terms of margins from the 52% we dropped down to about 48% - 48.5%. So I would expect our gross margins would stay up with potentially some impact in terms of how much revenue we take on some of the new product introductions which we would expect -- some of them would be potentially lower margins in our corporate average, but I think the real swing will be how much investment we need to continue to make to ensure that we get our products positioned the way we want to in 07 because we are really not going to be focused on the short-term of 07 as much as we are making sure that we can get the product positioning that will give us accelerated revenue and profitability growth in 08 as those new products gain traction and increase in volume.
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Great, so I guess it sounds like margins are going to scale, I mean from the operating margin will scale down a little more i.e. be a little worse during this downturn than they were you know, during the last 18 to 24 months, is that kind of the right way to read that?
Steve Newberry: I wouldnt read it that way. What I said was that I would expect our margins to scale down exactly like we were able to do in the 2004 to 2005 timeframe. I said the only consideration that might possibly occur is as a function of some of those new product introduction, they may be slightly less gross margins, but we dont really know what their impact is going to be because we dont really know what the volume of revenues are going to be but overall, they are likely to be a small revenue contribution therefore a small impact to gross margins.
Operator: Thanks, your next question come from Jay Dana with J. P. Morgan please go ahead.
Jay Dana - J. P. Morgan: Thanks, good afternoon. Steve, if you look at 45nm, compare your new products in etch to the new products that are being introduced by your competitors, can you talk you know, a little about what you think are your advantages that will keep your momentum going through 45nm and 32nm specifically in etch. And then secondly, in terms of your new products which ones are showing the most likelihood of actually delivering some sort of material RAM sooner rather than later?
Steve Newberry: Okay, relative to 45nm, one of the things that we have done is been able to take our technology and our product architecture and continue to modify orthodox based technologies and create next generation products. So whether its our 2300 Exelan and then went to Exelan Flex and now goes to Exelan 45, they are all built on the same fundamental technology that we have really had in the marketplace since -- about 1998. And if we look at our conductor products that are on Versys, that have moved from Versys to Versys Star to Versys Star Key to Kiyo, the Kiyo 45, they are on the same TCP technology thats actually been in place since 1990. What that does is two things, one, our learning loops as we go forward with each modification and the iteration around those core technologies, its faster and faster in terms of our ability to recognize problems, deal with those problems and design solutions. The second benefit is the customers are very familiar with these technologies and the ability for them to be able to continue to go forward from technology node to technology node with a chamber that operates with very similar fundamental characteristics allow them to take their own process integration learning capability and extend it more quickly in terms of delivering the kinds of results and the wafer that they need and helps them get up the yield curve faster. So one of the keys to defending market share and giving yourself opportunities to grow market share is your ability to have a stable technology, a stable technology team and a product set that the customers can utilize generation after generation. I think that our competitors, as a function of their technologies not scaling from 200 to 300 and that has a chosen new technologies to try to address the needs in the market place, are still in the mode of trying to find the technology that they can stabilize on and while every company can bring some interesting results early in the evaluation process, I think that the fact that our core technologies have been in production producing hundreds of thousands of wafers every year gives us a big advantage in terms of the customers confidence in us and gives us a big advantage in terms of the speed at which we can deliver ongoing solutions.
Jay Dana - J. P. Morgan: Okay, quick follow up on that, are there any new systems floating around out there that are perhaps six chamber systems from you or anyone else and I was wondering what that was looking like, and then secondly which are the new products that are showing the most early traction?
Steve Newberry: Okay. As it relates to six-headed monsters or six-headed chambers or such, my comment would be one, any new advanced tools that we ship out that have not been announced are done so under nondisclosure agreements with their customers and we dont comment on them. When they are in their early timeframe and when they are under nondisclosure, so I wont comment on any potential new chamber configurations as it relates to etch. As it relates to our new product that we have announced, I think that we have a couple of interesting opportunities. One, our double etch product, which we will begin shipping in next couple of months. I think if it is successful at solving some of the yield issues that are occurring at the function of defects at the etch or the wafer, could be a product add in 07 contribute some revenue that is going to be reportable, and we will kind of define the size potential of that a little bit later in the year probably next quarter when we have more information about how that product could work, but I think its one that has good potential. And then our clean product which we will have out about 8 to 10 of those in beta by the end of 06, will represent another product that depending upon the speed at which customers want to move forward and depending upon the degree of success that has, that it could be a good contributor to incremental revenues in 07. I think the patterning market is one thats still emerging, its a market that we are developing. Its a market that we are working with multiple customers on, and that one is potentially a very big market, but its not yet clear what the activity level for that product would be in 07.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mark Bachman with Pacific Crest Securities please go ahead.
Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi guys. Martin, I would like to kind of revisit this kind of options thing that we have been talking earlier -- not options, but margin question. If I use the September 2005 quarter as a proxy versus your latest revenue model, it does appear that LAM wouldnt be able to hold the up margin 19%. I know Steve has already answered it in his way, I want to hear from you, has there been any change in the model that suggest that your cost structure made (inaudible) side can be more punitive at the lower revenue levels and then kind of what probability do you think that you could put on this RAM that reaches levels sometime in the next four quarters?
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Im going deal with the last part of question first, because its easier. Im sure you can figure out the probability just as good as I can, so Im going to decline to respond on that one, but specifically to the comparison I think your question is right on. If you look at the September 2005 quarter, our revenue was $320 million a margin of 49% and roughly of 18.6%. The model that I have consistently shared in the last 18 months now has a operating income percentage at 19% at $350 and 14% at $300. And so if you are trying to kind of come to the models, the midpoints on the model is around 16.5%. Now perceived to the earlier points, the model is intended to be a statement of clearly articulating the leverage in the companys business model and the financial performance that we can achieve under those circumstances. Independent of the statement of volume, we make this discretionary investments in R&D and the timing and pace and size of those investment is defined by our determination of gross potential and optimizing investments to the pace and needs of our customers to best leverage profitable growth. The one thing that had changed in the cost structure that is in todays model that wasnt in September 05 is the magnitude of equity-based compensation. And if you go back to the transcripts in September 05 youll remember that our equity compensation was in the range of $5 million and that cost structure was a partial cost structure because in September the first all employee grounds in the company occurred in August and so we had a kind of partial equity cost in the company in September. We also delayed all of the long-term compensation for the executive offices in the company for a six-month period and you will remember in March of this year I spoke of the financial consequence of that. And so the one cost structure that does exist today that did not exist in September is that, is the equity and the cash comp for the executive officers but all of that is reflected [audio gap] capability to deliver operating income including all of these equity compensation cost between 14% and 19%.
Mark Bachman - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, excellent. And then I just had final question for Steve, you just were going to talk about the clean product, the double product.
Steve Newberry: Yeah, I hope that will be the case, certainly thats our target. I think that the potential for that to exist still holds and I mean that would be -- what we would like to target and see happen.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Steve OWorth, with the Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Steve OWorth, Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you. Question for you on orders, can you tell us which etch segment in particular kind of grow to this strength in orders and what you expect to and along those same lines, what kind of market share do you think you have had in the dielectric etch and the silicon etch?
Steve Newberry: From an order standpoint, order activity in the June quarter was (inaudible), 40% of our orders were from memory, about 26% from Foundry and about 34% from logic and other and as we talked about at our Analyst and Shareholders call, we have at the 65 nm node, we expect that we will have 40% market share in dielectric and about 65% market share in conductor and when you look at the mix dielectric being about 60% of the spending in etch and conductor being about 40%, if you take those percentages you will come up with a number that says we are about 49 and 50% market share at the 65 nm node and we have slightly less than that as the 90 nm node and so the reason that we are saying that our market share in 06 is about 40% to 45% is because the shipments in 06 are largely and significantly 90 nm shipments and as we go forward in those seven we will see a shift to much more of a waiting to 65 nm which will give us a market share increase in 07 as a function of the mix of 65 nm going into the installed base.
Steve OWorth, Deutsche Bank Securities: Was it dielectric etch that drove the order strength in this past quarter, incremental strength?
Steve Newberry: Clearly we have gained market share in dielectric, in the Foundries and we saw 70% increase in orders at the end of June quarter from the March quarter in Foundry and certainly our dielectric market share position and Foundry was helpful, in the quarters from the Foundry in June.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Duley with Merriman, please go ahead.
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: One clarification is, why were the Korean orders down during the quarter? And I was wondering if you might be able to comment on, if you think that 2007 based on your commentary now, is it growth year for the industry and finally just a quickie, what are your lead times now?
Martin Anstice: Well Id take the last one first, so I wont forget it, our lead times are probably anywhere from 8 to 12 weeks, they are very short, they are very fast, one of the reasons why you see our backlog is very short, so we are able to deliver in RAM very quickly. In terms of Korea being - orders being down, its again probably would be, its really not very useful to look at any one quarter and make a judgment about whether anything going on is significant. The order patterns out of the customers are lumpy and it just so happened in the June quarter, not as many memory companies decided they wanted to place orders in the September quarter, a bunch more of them are now. I think that one thing about memory is whether you are talking NAND, FLASH or youre talking DRAM, memory players are in a significant big growth environment. The expectations for DRAM in 2007 is that it may actually increase its big growth from the 50% in 2006 to maybe close to 60% in 2007. Internally were all aware that the big growth in NAND, FLASH is still forecasted to be 150+% in 2007. So I dont know exactly how much the spending in 2007 for memory will be relative to 2006, but I am very comfortable that there will be a strong and sustained level of investment in memory throughout 2007.
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: So the one big Korean customer that tends to order I think in June and December quarters, it just looks like the timing of which would be September this time and is that the kind of the message that we should take away from the Korean in order rate?
Steve Newberry: I think thats probably a pretty good way to look at it. The fact that any - because I dont comment about any particular customer, but I think that I wouldnt draw any conclusions about the June quarter as being any significant activity to draw any conclusions from, because the investment is going to be there in September and the investment is going to be there in December.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mark Fitzgerald with Banc of America, please go ahead.
Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: Martin, on the $521 million in backlog, what percentage is shippable over the next six months?
Martin Anstice: Yeah, the headline on the backlog is a short-term backlog and thats evident by the fact that -- I think the last three quarters now the backlog at the end of the quarter has been less than the bookings of that quarter and thats true, today we have bookings in the quarter of 640 and we have a backlog of 521. And so the headline when that reality exist is, it is a short-term backlog. Not all of this is scheduled to ship in the September quarter, some of it is scheduled to ship in December, but there is not a whole bunch of scheduled into next year.
Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: So given that, the back logically short term you have short lead time, how can you guys argue that booking isnt an important number to give the street a leading indicator at this point?
Martin Anstice: Because the reality is in that backlog as Im just trying to say, there is some part of it that is in December, not much beyond but its a short-term deal. And so the best way we can characterize momentum, the best way we can characterize the economic things relative to things that we manage, all day everyday are to focus on fabrication wings, to focus on similar events and to focus on revenue and cash cycles and thats really the decision that weve made.
Operator: Thank you, and we have time for one final question. Our final question will come from Patrick Ho with the Stifel Nicolaus, please go ahead.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thanks a lot -- up on the quarter. In terms of your guidance and looking up the December quarter, it relatively appears that you give a lot more color than lot of your -- I guess your competitors, whats giving you that visibility to basically comment on the December quarter? Is it because you have a shorter cycle time in the shorter that gives you more confidence to give that type of an outlook?
Steve Newberry: Well, I cant comment on the why others are doing, what theyre doing. There has been some people commenting on what they believe the CapEx spending will be for 2007 and I am not going to comment on that at all because I dont have a clue whats going to happen in 2007. I think what I am trying to do is give people a flavor for kind of whats going on with some specificity in September, which is specific guidance and then some directionality in terms of December and so people can get a feel for what customer thinking is today over the next six months. Now this is a volatile industry, we could sit here and talk three weeks from now and that view of what people are planning to do over the next six months could change. I think that when we look at whats going on, all of a sudden you are looking at what happens to the demand on a going forward basis over the next three or four months as we head into the Christmas season, if the second half of 06 is a strong demand environment, then thats going to demand well for the utilization of the capacity that is an ordered and its going to be coming online. If we have a weak demand environment, if we have a economic situation in the US and around the world where consumer spending is weak, then there will obviously be an adjustment in terms of how much additional equipment is ordered and how much additional capacity, the IT manufacturer is trying to bring on. But the reality is none of us know at least certainly we dont know what thats actually going to play out. I am just trying to share with people that this is what customers are telling us today what they are planning to do and I think we all have to take into consideration that those plans are certainly subject to change.
Mark Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: Well fair enough, and a final question, now that we have gotten through a lot of the 65nm evaluations, and a lot of your shared gains at the technology node, as you are looking to 45 nm, what are some of the new challenges that the chip makers who are beginning those evaluations come to you now with -- at that technology node?
Steve Newberry: Well, I think consistent with what they want at every technology node is they want more capability for less cost and certainly, we are challenged to provide them with higher wafers apps with greater capability. I think the big issue at 45 is going to really be two things. One is, defectivity is a big issue in terms of how it impacts the Y-shield and so there is a lot of activity going on to understand the impacts of defects and to look at ways to reduce the number of defects that are produced in the processing and cleaning of the processing steps. And the other will be, what choices will the semiconductor device manufacturers make relative to new materials. Will we see the introduction of metal gates, will we see the introduction of porous (locales). A lot of those new materials will have significant challenges associated with them, and we will be expected to find the solutions and find them quickly so that as they make the purchases they can take that multibillion-dollar investment in a leading fab and get good capital asset productivity results on it. So we will be in the middle of that game and I would expect for us to continue to enjoy the trust from our customers and be a major player in the equipment processes.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any closing comments you may have.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, maam. We want to thank you just for joining us today for this quarters conference call and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays teleconference, and thank you again for your participation, and at this time you may disconnect.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-04-14 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications   Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer   Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sedrick Kumar, Credit Suisse First Boston   Gary Shari, CIBC World Markets   Jay Dana, JPMorgan Securities   Suresh Balaraman, ThinkEquity Partners   Timothy Arcuri, Citigroup Global Markets   Steve OWorth, Deutsche Bank Securities   Mark Fitzgerald, Banc of America Securities   Tim Sorspnijer, Morgan Stanley   Jim Cavello, Goldman Sachs   Brett Hooders, Merrill Lynch   Patrick Ho, Stifel, Nicholaus & Company   David Duley, Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the Quarter Ending March 25, 2006 and the Business Outlook for the June, 2006 Quarter. By now you should have received a copy of todays Press Release which was distributed by business wire at approximately 1PM. We are web casting a slide presentation in conjunction with todays commentary. The presentation can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website at www.lamresearch.com. Here today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Except for historical information, the information LAM is about to provide and the questions LAM answers during this call may contain certain forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements that relate to the companys future revenue and operating expense, managements plans and objectives for future operations and product development, managements plans for continuing the companys stock repurchase program, global economic conditions including consumer sentiment and customer standing, and the demand acceptance and the competitiveness to the companys products. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and changes in conditions, significance, value and effect that could cause results to differ materially and in ways not readily foreseeable and which are detailed in the companys SEC reports. We encourage you to read those reports in their entirety. LAM would also like to disclaim any obligation to correct or update any of the information we are about to provide. Note that this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures which the company believes are useful in analyzing the ongoing business trends. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are presented in the investor relations portion of our website. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM. We ask that you limit questions to one per firm. Ill now turn the call to Martin for a review of the financial results.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Kathleen. This afternoon we will discuss our March, 2006 Quarter financial results. Highlights for the quarter include: the quarters growth of 29% sequentially at $520 million; higher operating expenses, as planned, targeted at enabling our long-term revenue growth objectives; leverage through operating income at 25.2% of revenue, representing an incremental flow through of 42% on the sequential revenue growth of 22%; profitability levels and operational asset performance driving cash from operations of $110 million in line with our targeted performance of greater than 25% of revenues in the calendar year; sequential EPS progression from $0.55 in December to $0.65 ongoing this quarter, which was impacted by the quarterly ongoing effective tax rates of 9.8% and 20.6% in the December and March quarters, respectively. 300mm applications represented approximately 73% of total systems new orders. 79% of orders were for applications at less than or equal to 90-nm technology nodes. As we expected, the customer activity through the quarter was positive and broad-based. The new orders market for the quarter was: memory at 53% of systems new orders, IDM/logic 26% and Foundry/Other 21% of the total. Dedicated land application systems new orders represented approximately 1/4 of the memory orders. Geographically, Asia represented 57% of total new orders. Revenue of $437 million slightly exceeded the high point of our guidance range and is generally consistent with previous comments regarding the trends in the past. Acceptance time lines are now down to the one through four month horizon. On increasing customer demand, shipments at $511 million ramped by more than 30% sequentially. We have again approximately doubled the outfit of our supply chain within a six month period; a repeat demonstration of the operational capability (inaudible) by our business model transition. The ending unshipped backlog remains constant at $404 million. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of revenues please see todays press release and our website for a reconciliation of new orders, shipments, revenues, deferred revenues, and backlog. As presented in our March Investors and Analysts meeting, we targeted operating income levels between 22.5% at $400 million in revenue and 25.4% at $450 million. Accordingly, we see todays reported results as consistent with those stated objectives. Profitable market share growth remains a priority. We continue to be focused on our target of delivering operating income exceeding 30% in at least (inaudible) quarter this calendar year. We report gross margins of 50.2% today. Approximately half of the difference to our 50.5% guidance is seasonal and due to the March quarter FICA payroll tax effect, which is (inaudible) to this year by higher than anticipated employee stock option exercise. The remainder is product mix, largely in our staff parts business. Increasing our investments focused on growth opportunities: few products have available market expansion. This continues to be a problem and part of our message today. In addition, if you will remember that in the last several quarters we signaled an expectation of $8-9 million equity compensation expense and consistently incurred less, at approximately $6 million each quarter. In the March quarter, our Board of Directors finalized the long-term executive compensation program and stock ownership guidelines for certain executives. The program rewards long-term profitable growth combined with long-term share price performance and was designed to optimize the variability of our expense structure going forward. As a result, the companys long-term compensation expense recorded in operating expenses this quarter includes $5 million equity and $3 million cash based expense. Combined, these represent a sequential increase of $3 million from the $5 million equity-only expense incurred in the December, 2005 quarter. In addition, as stated in our press release today, equity compensation recorded in cost of goods sold was approximately $1 million in the March quarter; essentially unchanged from the December level. In our Press Release today, we announced the companys decision to repatriate up to $150 million of foreign earnings in the June quarter under the provision of the American Jobs Creation Act. The non-ongoing tax expense consequence of that decision was approximately $7 million, as stated in our reconciliation of US GAAP net income to ongoing net income. Concurrent with funding the (inaudible) in our business and investing in new products, we delivered cash and operations of $110 million this quarter. Imagery performance continues to set a standard for the industry at 6 terms. Our accounts receivable days outstanding was 66 days at the end of the period. We are particularly pleased at the time limits of customer dues at the end of March when our balance of accounts receivable more than 60 days past due was less than $5 million or approximately 1% of total receivables. In the Quarter, we have received $66 million from the exercise of employee equity plans and we used $74 million to repurchase 1.7 million shares at an average price of $43.36. Our total cash balance, including restricted cash, was $1.1 billion at the end of March. Deferred revenue essentially matches our high water marks in (inaudible) SAB101 at $195 million, with deferred profit balance at $119 million. These balances exclude approximately $90 million of anticipated future revenue value for shipments made to Japanese customers where it has not transferred; these shipments are currently recorded at cost in inventory. In the quarter, adjustments from backlog were a net negative $2 million, order cancellations were $7 million, capital expenditures were $8 million, depreciation and amortization was $5 million. Employment levels increased by 70 to approximately 2,300 at the end of March, reflecting our commitment to supporting our customers and investing in our growth opportunities. Now to Steves comments.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Martin and you all for joining us this afternoon to discuss the March financial results. This was another solid quarter. I am pleased that we continue to execute well to our business model. Our model is focused on profitable market share growth, leverage growth in operating income as we ramp, and cash generation of 25% of revenue in the up cycle. Our ability this quarter to deliver operating income at a rate nearly 2 times faster than the rate of revenue growth demonstrates the leverage in our P&L. Our cash generation remains strong, producing cash from operations in March of 25% of revenue and we continue to gain share with 4 new application wins in the quarter. I believe our March quarter results demonstrate our commitment to achieving our business model targets. Today, Ill recap some of the information we presented at our Analysts and Investor meeting, provide an update on our industry outlook, and close with guidance for the June quarter. Three weeks ago we hosted an Analyst and Investor event in Shanghai, China at (inaudible) China and presented several new three to five years strategic initiatives for the company. Specifically, we stated we intend to sustain and grow our market share and edge, become a multi-product company by entering the clean and resist strip market segments, execute the next phase of our manufacturing outsourcing strategy by aggressively pursuing global sourcing opportunities, and maintain our focus on achieving leadership financial performance in our sector. In 2005, we exited the year with book market share of approximately 39-40%. We expect this number to increase by 3-4 points in calendar year 2006 and we expect to accomplish these first year objectives of our 3-5 year plan by cost effectively solving yield and devising a grace in issues at 90 and 65-nm and early positioning for 45-nm applications. We will target new application wins of customers for our current position and customer trust levels are strong. Last quarter I know that we are targeting 10-12 new application wins in the first half of 2006. We are on track to meet that target and as I mentioned earlier, have secured 4 of those wins to date. Ill now comment on the industry before closing with guidance for the March quarter. Our outlook for the Wafer fab equipment market remains consistent with our view presented at the Investor and Analyst meeting in March, 2006. Based on our analysis and our customers current plans, we expect growth of 20-25% in Wafer fab expenditures in 2006 over 2005, and with that assumption etch could grow 25-30% in 2006 verses 2005. Our outlook for Memory remains solid. Recent price declines in NAND and FLASH are to be expected given the premium price that the segment has had over the last several quarters. In addition, the impact of the change in the forecast for IPOD has been well managed by our customers and demand for NAND, FLASH devices outside of the IPOD remains strong and represents approximately 85% of the total market. NAND FLASH bit growth is expected to remain close to 200% year-over-year and for DRAM bit growth appears to be a little stronger than expected at 55-60%; therefore, we expect to continue steady investment in both FLASH and DRAM as we go forward. The Foundry and Logic market segments are also tracking in a positive manner. Foundry customers are beginning to qualify 55-nm devices and Foundries will need to begin investing in that capacity soon. Investment activity across the Foundry companies is expected to be more active in 2006 with spending plan to be up approximately 20% over 2005. Key spending plans by Foundrys for 2006 while improving, are still expected to be approximately 25% less than what was spent in 2004. Now, Ill turn to guidance for the June quarter. Quarters up 5-15%, revenue $490-510 million, shipments expected to be up 10-12%, operating expenses at $114 million, gross margin at 51%, and operating margin at 28% at midpoint of the revenue range, EPS up $0.80-0.85 per share at an assumed share count of $144.8 million at an assumed tax rate of approximately 21%. This guidance is on target to our P&L for operating income at a $500 million per quarter revenue level. It is a half a margin point shy of our model for gross margin due to an acceleration of plans spare parts pricing reductions into this quarter and going forward. We had a plan to roll with spare price reductions out over the next 4-6 quarters consistent with our global sourcing cost reduction initiative, this accelerated action has been taken in response to customer request for us to speed up our activities relating to their cost reduction programs targeted at reducing fab operating expenses and to preserve and grow spares market share in the presence of third party spares provider competition. We believe it is important that we respond to our customers request and also to ensure that we are providing them a consistent supply of LAM certified high quality spare parts which are essential to maximizing the performance capability of the LAM product install base. This action will result in a potential  to 1 margin point impact to our P&L model for gross margin throughout the calendar year 2006. It is expected there will be no impact to our operating income performance to model in calendar year 2006. We plan to return to our gross margin model consistent with the speed of execution to our global sourcing cost reduction activities. In closing, I want to thank our suppliers and most importantly our employees for their continued outstanding efforts on behalf of our customers and the company I believe it is truly a job well done. With that Ill turn the call over to Kathleen for the Q&A.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Operator, we can begin calling for Q&A.
Operator: Our first question comes from Sedrick Kumar, Credit Suisse First Boston
Sedrick Kumar: Steve, can you perhaps give a little color to what is happening in the second half of the year because I dont think you have guidance for etch which grew about 25-30% and flooding your market share numbers, should we expect some kind of in the September to December time frame for shipment of bookings and if you can comment on how the second half is shaping up?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ill provide some color for activities that we can see that customers are planning to do in September. But in our business today, looking out beyond really 4 or 5 months is kind of an exercise in crystal ball reading; because while our customers thoughts may at times be communicated, they really sometimes represent maybe more dreams than reality. But I think certainly in the June quarter we have as good visibility as normal and so when I look at September we would expect that if a customer executes to the plans that they are sharing with us now the bookings environment would be higher than what is scheduled to book in June. I think from a shipments standpoint essentially what we have been doing is shipping at about a one-one ratio to what we book in a quarter; I would expect for us to continue to have shipments that are essentially equal to bookings. I think revenue if you look at where we are now, essentially what is booked in one quarter, essentially the revenue level is what occurs one quarter further out and I think that is a reasonable expectation as it relates to what is likely to occur in September if the customers actually go forward and maintain the plans that they are sharing with us today.
Sedrick Kumar: Ok that is very helpful. Can I have a quick follow-up? You mentioned a little bit about non-FLASH holders being 25% of the memory outers. It looks like that declined and the DRAM portion has gone up. Given that LAM is so seasonal do you see any change in the buying patterns from the chip companies i.e. or are the chip companies looking to build more flexible products or flexible fab in the power building DRAM applicants in both NAND and DRAM or is that or are you seeing any trend on that front?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that some of the fabs out there have the flexibility to do product switch between NAND and DRAM. The trend over the last couple of quarters has really to be building dedicated fabs that are essentially set up to optimize the efficient production of NAND and DRAM. I think what we are seeing is that the vast majority of customers at we are targeting to add capacity and Wafer start outs for NAND are going forward. I think that in any market where customers are doing both that youll typically see, depending upon their market share, depending upon what business levels theyre winning in a given time frame that sets the ability to perhaps switch a plan that was designed for NAND and then convert it and actually buy it for DRAM. Thats not a very difficult thing for them to be able to do and with the lead times as short in the industry as they are today, I would expect that we will see that from time to time but for the most part the planning that occurs is going forward as they originally planned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Shari, CIBC World Markets
Gary Shari: Thanks for taking my question. Steve, Id just like to follow-up and maybe kind of play the border bucket game in Q3 and you know whats sort of driving orders to the up sequentially in September if orders are following on for NAND and FLASH but and maybe DRAM and maybe Foundry can kind of pick up, can you kind of help me out here I am sort of struggling with this.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that, I am not sure that the assumption that orders for NAND and FLASH are necessarily going to fall off, as Martin outlined in the March quarter our orders as they relate to NAND verses DRAM we are actually stronger in the March quarter for DRAM then they were for NAND. And, when I look at the June quarter well actually see that where the NAND orders in June will be 55-60% of the memory orders and memory will be about 61% of our order book in June. As I look at what the customers are planning to do in the June time frame and what they are talking to us about what they are planning to do in the September quarter, NAND is going to be a consistent, a steady investment plan in the next two quarters if they execute to their plans. I dont see at this time that there is a fall of in orders rates for NAND.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Dana, JPMorgan Securities
Jay Dana: Good afternoon, two questions here; the first one is looking a little bit longer out for memory, and I think you eluded to this a little bit in your prepared comments; how do you see the overall memory environment right now compared to say what we saw in the mid-90s when we had three solid years of growth driven primarily by Windows 95 and PCs? So, the ability of tools for memory for next year. And then secondly, it looks like the spending ratio outside of NAND and FLASH for the rest of the industry is somewhere in the 17% range this year; pretty low by historical standards. Im just wondering what you see blooming out there for DRAM in particular as it comes and then Foundrys and IDM as we look into perhaps later this year into next year. Thank you.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jay, I think your questions are really excellent questions because I think that when I look at whats going on in the business today and in the industry to me its not really whats going on, on a quarter-by-quarter basis thats really important, its whats going on from a fundamental basis in terms of the vice design and consumer product use. When you look at that, certainly the demand profile for NAND FLASH is awfully positive and awfully encouraging over a multi year perspective. When I look at comparing the memory market today verses the memory market in those explosive growth years of 1994-1995, the thing that has struck me is that this is a much more measured investment activity. You know, back in those days we had the semiconductor industry largely driven by memory and largely driven by the fact that a lot of the second and third tier players were really investing, were investing 25-27% of semiconductor revenues in capital expenditures and we also saw that in 1999 & 2000 not driven by memory of course but driven by logic business for networking and the whole .com boom, but what Ive been really pleased to see is that while weve had a significant increase in the output of the NAND FLASH devices and the NAND FLASH market, when we look at the total investment I expect that we are going to be at about 20% semiconductor revenue for Cap-X this year and so I think that the industry in the 2003 & 2004 behaved in a very measured way for the most part. The Foundries got a little bit ahead of themselves in 2004 and when I look at how the industry is behaving through this particular cycle, its a far more measured response and clearly theres an acceleration of order activity in capacity additions but it is commensurate with the acceleration in the demand for units in the end markets there. I think your question about the steady ratio at 17%... based on our calculations thats exactly or very similar to the number that weve come up. If you take the investment in NAND FLASH it looks to be about $10 or $11 million and if you end up somewhere around $18-20 million in revenues you take that out of the equation, the investment on the remaining 230 at about $38-39 billion is 17%. That is a historically on the very low end of investment and I think that while the industry collectively is more efficient, 17% to me is not a sustainable level of investment. I think that investment level will have to come up sometime as we go forward in the future, exactly when thats going to occur, I cant predict but I think thats a good indicator of the long-term health of the current investment levels that we are seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suresh Balaraman, ThinkEquity Partners
Suresh Balaraman: Can you give us some thoughts on your plans for the resist strip and historically those statements have been pretty low margin and how does the time goal of going with profitable growth? Thanks.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ok, so your question was what our plans are for the resist strip business?
Suresh Balaraman: Yes, how do you manage a challenge of keeping the profitability levels up to grow the resist strip business? It is a pretty commoditized business and historically the margins have not been that big in the segment.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think one important thing for us to note is that we are not intending to enter into the stand alone, high volume strip market that the current companies that you are talking about play in. Were focusing on bringing enhanced capability to our customers, primarily with integrated action strip, and expanding the number of applications where that economically is present both in a capital cost Wafer and on a multi-chambered X-system. And more importantly, as we get into some of the really advanced 65 and 45-nm structures, yield issues become much more difficult to achieve in the process. Windows have narrowed and so the benefits to the customers of using onboard integrated strip whether its in-situ in the X-Chamber or with a dedicated strip chamber, I think we are going to grow in applications. There is one primary stand alone dedicated strip that is a very difficult process on a going forward basis, which is the post-implant strip. As you get to 45-nm it is going to require a different capability be present in the strip chambers that are being utilized today. The capability is present in the kinds of etch chambers that we make and so therefore that market is moving in our direction as a function of a technical requirements and the hardware configurations that have to be present in order to achieve it. And so as a result of that, our margins are targeted in the first year or so to be in that 45% range as we introduce the products and work with our customers to qualify them and then I would expect as a function of the differentiation that may occur with the particular capability that those margins can move up and be similar to the margins that we see in the etch business today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri, Citigroup Global Markets
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, actually I have two things. Number one, Steve, if I just take the shipment numbers for 2005 and if I grow them by even 30% this year and I take your shipment number for the first half of this year, it implies that shipments are going to decline by something like 30 or 40% in the second half verses the first half. I guess number one, is that the wrong math?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would, if you take our first half shipment numbers which are at the, are you talking about the shipment numbers now or revenue?
Timothy Arcuri: Shipments, so I am just trying to basically see the full-year market projection and Im trying to see if whats been guided for the first half of the year and just trying to figure out what has to happen to back-half of the year and it looks like there has to be a pretty big decline in the back-half of the year to get to that to kind of keep the full-year number that low.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that, if you take that our shipments are going to grow 10-12% in the June quarter from the 511lets take 10% because it makes the math easy, that says youre going to ship about 560 million in June. If we targeted that our bookings will grow 5-15%, then our September shipments are going to essentially mirror that. So, our September shipments are going to be very similar in terms of their level of shipment activity and then if our September bookings are up from June, then I would expect that that will drive a shipment level in December that will mirror the September bookings. So, if you kind of extrapolate that you end up where we think that the first half shipments and the second shipments are going to essentially be about equal.
Timothy Arcuri: Ok, great I guess that would mean then that for the full-year Wafer fab equipment number would have to be a heck of a lot higher than your 25-30% year-over-year number and have to be something more like 50-60% based on those numbers, I guess that is where I am going.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ok, I hear what you are saying. Well heres the thing, if you have Wafer fab equipment up 20-25, because in an up turn the etch component of that moves from about 12.2% of Wafer fab equipment to about 12.8-13%, what happens is if you have 25% wafer fab equipment growth you are going to get 30 maybe even 32% etch growth. If you then combine that we are going to pick up full four margin points. If you end up where the etch market is somewhere around $3.7-3.9 billion depending upon whatever numbers you want to use for what 2005 etch market was, if you then take and look at that as being something that we will ship at a 40-41% market share, then you are going to end up where our growth rate in etch at 30% plus the four margin points. And, the four margin points is going to be another $150 million in revenue for the year. So the leverage gets to be pretty strong and the numbers move up very strongly right along the lines of what you are talking about. Does that make sense?
Timothy Arcuri: No, it does, it does. I guess if I could just ask one more quick one. If you compare the sequential solution and if you look at how much the industry is shipping in the first half of this year relative to the back half of last year, it looks like the shipment rates and the shipments equate to capacity edition, it looks like the sequentials are roughly the same as they were in 1995 and 1998 and 2000 and 2004. So I guess, whats the view on whether were going to have a little capacity digestion here in the back half of the year before it gets better again?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that what you have is, if you take the first two or three quarters, I think that the ramp rates that you described are in fact at that accelerated level. I think the difference is that what happened in 1995, 1996, 1999, 2000 is that it just kept going that way that you had three, four, five quarters of this 20%, 30% on top of each other. I think that when you get into that kind of situation then you really run into the rift that youre adding capacity at a rate thats much faster than one demand can in essence stay equal to. If we look at where we are today with all thats shipped in the second half of 2005 and what has now shipped in March, which really is not obviously come on line in terms of adding to capacity, the utilization rates in the industry are very healthy, they are very strong. When you look at the projected demand growth and then you take the March shipments and you say thats going to add to capacity out-book capability in the June time period, again those things seem to be pretty much in sync. The one thing that I think is very important is, we are coming off a very relatively low investment period in 2005, where the semiconductor players revenue actually grew very strongly and back in those time frames capital investment as a percent of semi revenue was 25-27%. Back in 1999 & 2000 I think it was even 28% or 29%. I mean, it was very high and here we are were sitting here with we have this acceleration, but its on an investment level of only 20% of semiconductor revenue. So, those things are in very good balance with each other and I think they are very important elements to look at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve OWorth, Deutsche Bank Securities
Steve OWorth: Thank you, just a follow up on a lot of this discussion on sort of investment levels here. There have been some comments from people in the industry as well as elsewhere that Foundries simply have to invest more based upon how theyve invested over the past few years. One, do you believe that, do you think that they are under investing or are they investing rather wisely at this point, we shouldnt expect that kind of a pick up?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think thats a good question because I think a lot of people have been thinking about what the foundries invested in 2004; which I think it was about $9.7 billion. There is no question that that level of investment for the Foundries was getting out in front of themselves and I think that they had anticipated that the up turn in that 2004 time frame was going to sustain itself but it didnt. So Foundries then significantly pulled back investment in 2005 to about $5.7-5.8 billion and as a function of that they really kind of let this whole activity in demand growth grow into their base. The Foundries exited 2005 in a really good state overall and there are obviously some companies on some technology nodes that have different utilization challenges. But overall, the Foundry utilization -- particularly on the leading edge -- is very strong. Even at 130-180-nm nodes it is a very strong Foundry demand environment going on. So, I think that in my view the Foundry investment coming up about 20% in 2006 over 2005 an interesting thing is that even at that level, that probably takes their investment up to approximately $7 billion. At $7 billion theyre still 25% below the amount of money that they invested in 2004. When I look at the Foundries I think its very logical that with the demand that they are seeing that they are going to be investing at that 20 maybe 25% increase over 2005. I think that the one thing that the Foundries have learned is they dont need to buy in large 10-15,000 Wafer start chunks. They tend to buy today in 3-5,000 Wafer start chunks. The cycle times are so fast their ability to get those pieces of equipment qualified and ramping and output is so fast, that we really operate now to a much less speculative environment in terms of capacity ads. Its much more synched to the end demand that they are getting from their customers.
Steve OWorth: Ok and just a quick follow-on to that do you think its fair to say that all thats said what weve really been seeing is a capacity digestion created for the Foundries for the past year or two and if were going to see a capacity digestion period it is probably going to be driven by memory?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well what you said for the first part about the Foundries is true,.What they were doing with the capacity of digestion period where they were really working off whatever the excess capacity they had and letting their Wafers start to grow into that. In terms of memory, I dont understand the context about memory.
Steve OWorth: If we are at risk of any kind of a capacity digestion later in 2006 going into 2007 for example, the most likely scenario would be that it will be memory enthused.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, ok, I really didnt think that the investments since about 50% of the overall investment is going into memory that if memory gets ahead of itself then that will be where the problems are in the industry, is that what your question is?
Steve OWorth: Right, I look at sheer Wafer starts going in for memory.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. If you end up where theres a fall of in demand or a significant slowing of the growth rate relative to demand for either DRAM or NAND FLASH, then you obviously have the potential that they would have to slow down their rate of investment and allow that unit output demand to catch up. I think that theres always the potential that in any given period whether its a three month period or a six month period, that something like that could occur. But again, I think that the rate of investment in memory -- while it seems aggressive -- is actually being put in, in response to the fact that they have unit output demand thats running 14-15% per year; which is much higher than the typical 9-11% that memory was seeing. And obviously, NAND FLASH is a big part of that DUA and bit growth is very strong; at about 55-60% its even stronger than what people have been forecasting, which is probably around 50. So, you know well have to watch it and I think people are looking at it pretty carefully and well just have to see what happens. But as it states right now with where we are right now, things are pretty balance right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Fitzgerald, Banc of America Securities
Mark Fitzgerald: Two quick questions on the memory side. In previous quarters, Steve, you commented that you couldnt sort out the NAND and DRAM purchases out there. So Im curious at this point, why you can decipher with such accuracy the split at this point; and I have a quick follow-up.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think actually for the last couple of conference calls weve broken it out. What happened now is that in the memory business when NAND was first starting to ramp they were basically utilizing their existing DRAM line and then they were adding various pieces of equipment to kind of create the ability to run NAND down an existing DRAM line. But, as the industry and the unit demand grew, customers started ordering for dedicated NAND FLASH lines and dedicated DRAM lines and they communicate that to us and we know what the configurations are that are different between a NAND line and DRAM line. So thats whats changed in the last 6-9 months so now we are able to break that out pretty readily.
Mark Fitzgerald: And then just a follow-up, the cancellations at $7 million in cancellations, where did they come from?
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: To your question there, we had 2-million of adjustments which are essentially kind of price suggestments. The cancellations where both, as it turns out, Foundry cancellations. But in and all of itself thats not very meaningful; neither were competitive losses. One of them was a cancellation from a customer and then the customer reordered a very different specification and if they do that simply as a change order we never record it as a cancellation; it is just an adjustment. In this particular example, they cancelled and then replaced the order with the new specifications. So one was just a trade out the other one was again a Foundry customer, one system where they concluded they had ordered one too many. So, neither were competitive situations very, very (inaudible), two systems.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Sorspnijer, Morgan Stanley
Tim Sorspnijer: Hi, good afternoon, two very quick questions if I may. You referenced price cuts in the service instead, can you just give us some sense as to those cutting prices at what technology node that you sort of most focused and could you just give us a sense of what those revenues what proportion of your overall revenues service accounts for and then I have a quick follow-up.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ok, Tim, one we are not doing it on service per say, were doing it on spare parts only not service labor in any specific way. The area where we are focused is really on our 2300 product which really makes up a significant part of our customers 130-nm. Fundamentally for quite a while now, which really started in the down turn of 2001-2003, customers business models started to change. Because, the growth rate was kind of slowing down and going up and down customers got very focused on whats happening to their fab operating costs and a process started then where we would work with them on cost reductions, whether it was via pricing or parts lifetime or looking at alternative materials. That continued for a while and then we went into the 2003-2004 ramp and, once again, now I think that what you have is a situation where the semiconductor business is very competitive a lot of what goes on out there is more commodity related. So therefore the focus on cost in the fabs across the whole variety of product lines and applications is very strong. So whats different today is that in the last couple of years a so called third party spare parts pretty much localized business has sprung up. In the industry theres probably a $2.5-3 billion parts business thats out there for the industry as a whole. The customers working with us working with them have really started to take a stronger look at spare parts and the impact of their business. We got together at the end of the quarter, weve looked at the actions that we have taken; we looked at the actions that we were planning to take as it related to responding to our customer requests and responding to the competitive situation. We just fundamentally decided that we wanted to really be a lot more aggressive and one, build on the customer trust that we have by demonstrating to our customers that we were really going to be a supportive partner in their efforts to get their fab operating costs lower. And, we wanted to basically make it much more difficult for these third party suppliers to compete for that spare parts business and essentially really ensure that our customers would be able to continue to have a source of high quality and reliable delivery from LAM. I think that we also fully expect and we have in the cases where we did some of the early roll out of this is weve won back market share, weve gained customer commitments that well get all of their spares business when they may have outsourced 10 or 20% of it as a function of the actions that we had said we were willing to take. So when I look at the opportunity for incremental revenue and incremental operating profit dollars and the result in an increase in EPS I think its a good thing to do financially, I think its a good thing for the customers, and I think its a good thing for us overall in terms of EPS growth.
Tim Sorspnijer: I guess with the production being so one steady nanometer and below I mean we need relatively new products, I mean wouldnt somebody be infringing your patents or you IP if they were really reverse engineering does that count for your equipment.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats an interesting and very complicated subject. There are cases and there are situations at times when our patent or our IP have been violated and in fact we have instigated some legal actions and it had in fact had been successful and protecting some our IP as it relates to the parts business. Many parts, its not necessarily against the law, if I understand the legal aspects of this, to go and take a part and reverse engineer it and redraw it. I think that one of the issues here is that sometimes a part gets made it appears and may physically look like its the same part but actually there may be some trade secrets embedded in how that part is manufactured, or what the actual properties of that part are. And so in the semiconductor business, which has many, many high purity materials its a difficult process to get a spare part qualified but obviously it is possible to do. Most of that competitive risk is really occurred in more a commodity parts areas because some of the suppliers having two years ago trying to get into some of the more high value added proprietary parts found that one they couldnt make them or two the violation of the IP wasnt something they wanted to enter into and so a lot of whats going on now is kind of outside that space for all the reasons that I noted.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Cavello, Goldman Sachs
Jim Cavello: Good afternoon, thanks so much for taking the question. Steve can I probe a little bit about the rationality of the spending and let me just, here if we think about it this way, we had gone unprecedented declines in pricing in two of the key markets in the first Quarter being NAND FLASH and micro processors and those customers continue to be very, very aggressive even accelerating the spending from pretty healthy levels to begin with, is that rational?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont know youre going to have to ask them in the face that some of those price declines is irrational. All I can tell you is from things that they tell us when we have these discussions, one is that yes there has been significant price decline in NAND FLASH, but its still more profitable than DRAM and some would even say much more profitable than DRAM. Two, the reality is that they were making very high margins because they were -- over the last six-nine months -- that environment of demand was greatly stripping supply and whenever that happens, prices are pretty high. So what weve seen is that clearly that the supply has ramped up and its still short of the demand, but that and then you have more players that are in the market now, there was only two or three about a year ago and now theres going to be five or six, so all of that competition is a logical expected decline as it relates to NAND FLASH. And micro processors, I mean, I really cant speak too much on that because we dont really focus too much on the economics because its really two players. We kind of just look at whats going on overall in that market and clearly it was one of them we have a good position, the other one we dont have a position, so we dont spend too much time on micro processors, so I really couldnt comment on that for you.
Jim Cavello: Steve, if I could follow-up on the pricing on the NAND side and the margins, I mean if you look at it in pretty real time basis, certainly the excess margins were true last Quarter, you look at our real time basis and actually some of these companies are losing money, you look at a micron report from this week, so thats why I get into the questions about that rationality, yes they continue to accelerate the cap-x, I mean thats were I get into the questions on the rationality. Its one thing when they were making such profits and now some of them are losing money.
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Micron right now from a revenue standpoint, if my information is correct, probably has less than 10% of their revenue is coming from NAND because they just recently took some of their DRAM capacity in their Virginia facility and started to convert it over to NAND and micron is largely done in DRAM and other specialty memory products so I cant speak for them other than to say that I think that micron which just recently announced if everybody read, believes that the economics in the NAND market where theres over 100 different customers that you can sell directly into and thats kind of what exists today and it expected to be much larger over the next couple of years that the pricing tower for the players in the NAND FLASH market is going to be much better than in the DRAM market where you really only have about five major consumers of all the volume DRAMs and those guys have the pricing power and the elasticity of what they put into their products that makes the DRAM market very difficult at least from the perspective of micron. I think that again, in my discussions with the players, I specifically have asked the questions is 200% bit growth really whats occurring, if so, why. The answers that we get are embedded in the comments that weve made at the Investor and Analyst meeting and in todays conference call, they believe that the growth rate thats occurring is still significantly greater than the amount of investment thats been put into adding capacity for output. Thats all I can tell you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Hooders, Merrill Lynch
Brett Hooders: Thank you, just two quick ones. First, given the very short acceptance times the one-four months you mentioned earlier, is there really any difference between booked and shipped market share and etch any more?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there is because you book it and you will ship it two, three, four months later and then youll accept it another one-four months later, so from booking to revenue acceptance you still have six, seven months of lag, so yes there is still a big difference between book and revenue. Theres less difference between shipped market share and revenue market share but its still exists in the two-three month average lag time.
Brett Hooders: And then the second just quickly, it looks like you know with matching some of your shipment rate with you bookings rate roughly that your backlog going to stay looks like it will stay fairly stable around this level the next few Quarters, is that accurate and if not or should I say wouldnt you want to be building some backlog I think at this point given the higher revenue run rates?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ill let Martin talk about the specifics of the backlog, but as it relates to building backlog, those were maybe the good old days although let me tell you what happened. Whenever you built up backlog, that generally was what you ended up getting cancelled on you because back in those days when you had six and seven months of backlog and customers were ordering for delivery nine months out, etc., thats how we all got in trouble because they were ordering all based on speculation and not real demand that they were getting from their customers, so I think that actually the fact that we have very short backlogs in our case probably around 10 or 11-weeks is a reflection of the fact of why change your fast, the turns are fast, but their order decisions are really now much more based on a reality of what they see and not nearly so much about the speculations so with that now Ill have Martin address the rest of it.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: I think that maybe that best answers the question quite honestly, I think that the convention that we all got used to is, when we as an equipment company offer a three lee time our customers tend to take advantage of that and so you know my take is with that in mind which is taking the customers behavior and one of our kind of principal operational objectives is to balance our business and try and target as close to a one-to-one ratio on shipments booked to bill, you should extend the backlog of the company to continue to be in the two to three month range and you should continue to see us target a shipment bill close to one. And, you know when I look at the forecast thats in place in the company, it looks pretty stable, but the basic answer to the question in the backlog going to move with the bookings environment with a one Quarter lax. Hopefully that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Ho, Stifel, Nicholaus & Company
Patrick Ho: Quick question for you Steve, in terms of the 5-15% orders outlook that you gave, now that we are getting into these bigger numbers and on the 15% side you started to push I believe $600 million dollars of booking, what I guess is the swing factor that can lead you from I guess the low end or the high end when you get when you are between Quarters are complete?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that a lot of reasons that I gave guidance at the 5-15% is that customers are ordering in some respects in some areas $50 million sometimes more, but a $30-50 million dollar order is not uncommon and all it takes is one of those that was supposed to come in at the end of the Quarter and it doesnt and all of a sudden now instead of being at your mid-point at 10% a $30 million dollar order is you know 3 or 4% or Im sorry about 5 or 6% and if its a $30 million dollar Quarter actually comes in earlier, then you can see how easily you could swing plus or minus 5%. So, I think thats really the reason for kind of providing some flexibility there and you know where we are actually going to come out its just not predictable when one order slides one way or the other. Ok, thats really helpful. And a second question and maybe Martin can give a little color on this, in terms of the gross margin will you continue to see gross margins progress upwards, but you did mention that the spare parts are youre going to I guess take a little more aggressive pricing in that, whats offsetting against allows you to continue to grow margins over the next three Quarters?
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: You know, I think the answer to that question is kind of defined by two things. One of them is, there is some economy of scale consequence of having a bigger business. Clearly at these levels that benefit is a reducing economy of scale which is why when I shared the gross margins scenarios in Shanghai a few weeks ago, I was very deliberate about the choices that I made and so we had 51% and the 52 at the 550 revenue level and so as Steve had talked about a little earlier there are kind of two parts to this decision. One of them is the decision to work with customers aggressively, proactively, and work to reinforce and gain share positions which is the AFC on the revenue side of the equation and as you might remember in Shanghai (inaudible) early our Vice President of Operations discussed our global cart sourcing initiative where we are pursuing a 1-2% point revenue cost reduction play in the next couple of years and our ability to accelerate that is fully a focus and a priority as we proceed in the next coming Quarters.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communic: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from David Duley, Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.
David Duley: Yes, good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity to ask the question. I was wondering you gave us your booked market share in the etch market at 39-40%. Could you give us a little more granularity as what you think your share is in the dielectric side, and one other follow-on question from that is the current order guidance that you have, I believe that exceeds your peak order number in 2000, can you give us some commentary where you think the how the overall industry is going to see their peak or is this unique to LAM with its market share growth?
Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ok well work on the data for the second one and Ill answer the first one while we do that. Yes, for 2005 our book market share we believe about 39-40 and since recently a number of market research firms have come out with their revenue based market shares, both of those firms indicated that we grew our market share 15% from 2004 to 2005 which essentially puts you in the 36% type of range for revenue. I think that the situation for us in dielectric is that our market share is right around 30-31% at the end of 2005. When I talk about our targeted 10-12 new application wins in the first half, some of those are clearly targeted at winning additional market share in dielectric because our market share in silicon and metal is in the mid to high 40s and so clearly theres a larger target market opportunity in dielectric and we are clearly pursuing that. As it relates to bookings peaks from the prior 2000 time frame, we had a new orders peak $553 million in December of 2000 and so if you take the mid-point of our guidance at 10% over 520 that will get you to 572 so clearly we have an opportunity to have the bookings in the June Quarter be a new order peak for LAM. As it relates to the rest of the industry, you know I really cant speak for that for other people, because I think as we talked about earlier what a company ends up booking is a function of the markets you serve and the growth rates of those markets, its a function of your market share growth and certainly for us you now etch is a market thats growing faster than the overall investment our market share, we believe, continues to grow at a good clip. So those two things combined I think give us an opportunity to have a higher level of bookings in this cycle than perhaps some might have.
Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Ok, wed like to thank everyone for joining us for todays conference call. We look forward to speaking with you again next Quarter.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-01-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts::  James Covello, Goldman Sachs   Timothy Arcuri, Citigroup   Suresh Balaraman, ThinkEquity Partners   Gary Hsueh, CIBC World Markets   CJ Muse, Lehman Brothers   John Pitzer, Credit Suisse First Boston   Brett Hodess, Merrill Lynch   Jay Deahna, J.P Morgan   Steve O'Rourke, Deutsche Bank   Mark Bachman, Pacific Crest Securities   Mark Fitzgerald, Banc of America   Stephen Chin, UBS   Tim Schulze Melander, Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Lam Research December Quarter 2005 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following todays presentation instructions will be given for the Question & Answer session. If anyone need assistance at anytime during the conference, please press the * followed by the 0. And as a reminder this conference is being recorded today January 18, 2006. And as a reminder this call is scheduled to run for one hour. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Bela, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Bela, Director, Investor Relations: Thank you Rob. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the quarter ending December 25, 2005, and the business outlook for the March quarter. Our press release today cross the wire, business wire at approximately 1:50 pm California Time. We are webcasting a slide presentation in conjunction with todays commentary. The presentation can be accessed through our website at www.lamrc.com. Here today are Stephen Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Except for historical information, the information Lam is about to provide and the questions Lam answered during this call may contain certain forward-looking statements including but not limited to statements that relate to the Companys future revenue and operating expenses, management's plans and objectives for future operations and product development, managements plans for continuing the Companys stock repurchase program, global economic conditions including consumer sentiment and customer standing and the demand acceptance and competitiveness of the Companys products. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and changes in conditions, significance, value and effects that could cause results to differ materially and in ways not readily foreseeable, and which are detailed in the companys SEC report. We encourage you to read those reports in the entirety. Lam would also like to disclaim any obligations to correct or update any of the information we are about to provide. This call is scheduled to last one hour. We ask that you to please limit your questions to one per firm. I will now turn the call over to Martin for a review of our financial results.
Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Kathleen. This afternoon we will discuss our December 2005 quarter financial results. Highlights today include significant growth in new orders of 24% sequentially, increased R&D investment to support targeted revenue growth, strong operating income at 21.5% of revenues made possible by our responsive business model, leverage, strengthening earnings and a corporate finance strategy that combined have resulted in an expectation of a lower fiscal 2006 tax rate of 21.5%, and sustained operating asset managements in an environmental ramp driving cash from operations of over $100 million. New orders entered into backlog for the quarter were up 24% at 403 million. Adjustments into backlog were a net positive 11 million reflecting our revised estimates for demand under spare part contracts. The customer environment is clearly more buyers to pull-ins on a compressed schedules at this time. In view of that we are pleased that our operational capability and the response from our suppliers continuous to allow us to respond quickly and efficiently to these inflection points in the cycle. 300 millimeter applications represented approximately 79% of total systems new orders, the proportion of order that less than or equal to the 90 nanometer technology node with 85%, against on a guidance of up 5% to 10%, the 24% growth in new orders reported today, we geographically concentrated in Korea, and Japan. For the quarter our systems new orders market segmentation comprised memory at 80% ID and logic 15% and foundry other at 5% of the total. The split of memory new orders was approximately 55% flash and 45% DRAM. Revenue of $358 million up 12% sequentially slightly exceeded the high points of our guidance range. On increasing customer demand, shipments in the quarter accelerated beyond our initial expectance up almost 40% sequentially to 392 million. The ending unshipped backlog moved higher to 404 million. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of orders and revenues please see todays press release on our website for a reconciliation of new orders, shipments, revenues, deferred revenues and backlog. Worthy of note this quarter was responsiveness and leverage of the business model, particularly the gross margin line. It is very satisfying to see that having trended off $354 million in revenues and 49.7% gross margin in June 05 to $321 million revenue and 48.6% in September 05. We have immediately returned to a 49.5% gross margin on the $358 million revenue reported today. We have continued to target higher R&D investments focused on supporting the Etch growth and new product growth opportunities previously discussed. Steve will characterize for you in a little more detail later, our expectation of this trend continuing in the coming quarter. For December we guided total company equity compensation tasks of $8 million to $9 million. This increase reflected our then current intentions to grant equity to certain executive officers in the company. We have not made that grant and consequently total company equity compensation costs were $6 million. The company is in the process of modifying the executive compensation plan and stock ownership guidelines for certain executives, required disclosure of those changes will be made in our future 10Q and 10K reporting. Turning to some specifics of our corporate finance strategy, I had previously articulated a fiscal 2006 full-year tax rate expectation of 27% plus or minus one percentage point as outlined in our past 10K disclosure. In fiscal 2002 we implemented certain conservative and responsible strategies to limit our tax liability on the sale of our products worldwide. In this quarter resolution was reached on a number of rulings related to our foreign tax holiday that is a reminder is effective for a period of 10 years ending 2013. In addition our business and earnings environment is clearly trending positive which combined with our international jurisdiction mix have the effect of improving our expectations of the fiscal 2006 tax rate to 21.5%. Although this rate has the potential to change as our business volumes, customer mix and future tax negotiations conclude, we target over the next 3 years an effective tax rate each year of less than or equal to 25%. A final note on taxes. In understanding our reported financials today, please note that all other things being equal at the guided tax rate of 27% our December 05 quarter EPS would have been $0.44 compared with our guidance range of $0.34 to $0.39. Cash from operations was $111 million this quarter, completing the second sequential calendar year of sustained strong economic performance. Free cash flow for the calendar 2005 year was $375 million compared to GAAP net income of $253 million. In the quarter we received $62 million from the exercise of employee equity plans and we used $62 million to repurchase 1.85 million shares at an average price of $33.50. The total cash balance including restricted cash was $977 million at the end of December. Deferred revenue and deferred profit balances both increased to $161 million and $98 million respectively. These balances exclude approximately $46 million of anticipated future revenue value for shipments made to Japanese customers where title has not yet transferred. These shipments are currently recorded as cost in inventory. In the quarter capital expenditures were $5 million, depreciation and amortization was $5 million. At the end of the period, net fixed assets were $42 million. As we invest in our growth employment levels increased meaningfully for the first quarter in almost 2 years by approximately 50 to close in the mid 2200 level. Now well move to Steves comments.
Stephen G. Newberry, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Martin, and thank you all for joining us today. I am going to cover the following topics on todays call. I am going to comment on the December quarter and the market share gains that are behind the growth in new orders. Ill provide our industry outlook for 2006 including our spending forecast by market segment. Then Ill present a financial model for our calendar year 2006 based on the scenario using an assumption for capital expenditures, wafer fab equipment spending, the Etch shipped market and our market share gains achieved in 2005 which will manifest themselves in 2006. Then Ill conclude with guidance for the March quarter. I am very pleased with the Companys performance throughout 2005 and in particularly with the results of the December quarter which demonstrated our ability to deliver the profitability and cash generation that Martin outlined in his remarks. I am particularly pleased with our growth in new orders in December, this is a result of our new application wins throughout 2005 that I have spoken of, which have resulted in an acceleration of bookings as those wins turned into volume orders. We had 9 new application wins in the first three quarters of 2005 and we were targeting 5 to 7 additional new application wins in December. We were successful in winning 6 of those targeted new applications and taken together these 15 new wins last 4 application losses in the year have resulted in an increase to our booked market share for 2005 to 40%. As we go forward, we expect 10 to 12 net new application wins in the first half of 2006 leading to overall booked market share growth up 43% to 44% in 2006. Turning to our outlook, for 2006, we expect demand for electronic products to remain strong, supporting our outlook for semiconductor revenue growth in 2006 of 12% with unit growth slightly higher. Were expecting similar end market growth drivers to carry over from 2005 into 2006 such as cell phones, PCs, MP3 players and digital TVs as well as game consoles. Lead times in the semiconductor device industry remain short from a historical perspective as end market customers keep a tight lease on inventory. Early indications are at the inventory at the end of 2005 is at healthy levels for the industry. Exceeding 2005, the trend for factory utilization is up with capacity additions and wafer output RAMs schedule throughout 2006. Our outlook for 2006 capital spending is for growth of approximately 7% to 10% bias toward the higher end in light of the recent announcements by Intel, Powerchip and ProMOS and with the spending emphasis being on equipment to support production growth. We are currently forecasting wafer fab equipment to grow around 15% to 17% and for the Etch market to grow faster than the wafer fab equipment market coming in at around 22% to 24% higher in 2005. Now for our industry outlook by market segment, lets start with the foundry market, we believe over capacity issues that impacted foundry spending for equipment in 2005 have now been corrected. We see an aggressive move to 90 nanometer technology from fabulous companies like Qualcomm, Nvidia and ATI from IDMs (ph) migrating to a fabulous strategy and from the emerging game console products cycle which is beginning to put a significant load on advanced capacity in the foundry. The new key foundry customers are expected to be aggressive in the qualification of 65 nanometer processes with at least half a dozen of these fabulous companies committed to generating revenues from 65 nanometer devices by the end of 2006. Foundries will lead to invest for this demand and we are expecting spending on equipment to increase by more than 50% to 60% in 2006 compared to the under invested level, we saw in 2005. The $5 billion wafer fab equipment forecast were foundry spending should be in balance with the end-market demand and although this level is still notably below the $8 billion spent in 2004, it is moving closer to the average run rate of spending we would normally expect from the foundries. For Lam, foundry orders will grow strongly in the March quarter to approximately 21% of orders. We expect to see continued growth in the memory sector. The outlook for NAND Flash is excellent with forecast calling for this market to see a 150% to 200% big growth compared to about 55% big growth for DRAM. An increased focus on the NAND flash market should stabilize the supply-demand cycle in DRAM for the near term. We are expecting wafer fab shipments into the memory sector overall to increase approximately 15% in 2006 with investment in NAND Flash to grow roughly 80% to 100% while investment in other memory categories is flash. As well as Lam is positioned in the, excuse me, as Lam is well positioned in the largest NAND Flash producers our memory business remains healthy. We have also gained significant market share in the expanding memory fabs in Taiwan to go along with our greater than 50% market share in NAND Flash. Our orders strengthened memory is expected to be solid again in the March quarter at around 50% of our total new orders. As for the remaining logic in IDM market we see strong growth in bookings driven by 300 millimeter expansion plans for us especially coming out of Europe and Japan. Overall, we expect wafer fab equipment shipments into this segment to increase about 10% and for the March quarter we are expecting our orders from logic and IDMs to more than triple from our December rate and account for approximately 30% of the mix. Now I would like to plaid some perspective on our potential performance in 2006 through a financial model built around a scenario of 10% CapEx growth, which results in 17% wafer fab equipment and 23% ex-market growth. Factoring and our four points of market share gain to 41% under this scenario our revenue would grow about 30% to about 1.8 billion at that revenue level we would expect that at least one quarter at or above 30% operating profit achieved by leveraging our business model in global infrastructure. Consistent with our progress in the past 2 years, we would also expect in this scenario strong cash from operations of around 500 million closely aligned with our profit before tax. This model includes equity expenses, assumptions and a continued robust investment in new development in the Etch Strip and Clean. I will now provide guidance for the March quarter. Guidance on marginal earnings includes the impact of equity based compensation. We expect new orders to increase approximately 25% to 30% over December levels. Shipments will increase approximately 30%. We expect revenues in the range of 410 million to 430 million with gross margins increasing to around 50.5%. Operating expenses will increase to approximately 110 million which combined results in approximately 24.5% operating profit and a 40% incremental operating margin flow through at the midpoint of the revenue guidance. Earnings per share are expected to range between $0.57 and $0.63 on a share count of 142 million. I would like to close my comments by thanking and congratulating our employees outstanding quarter and year. Their dedication to our customer success and the company success is truly commendable. With that I would turn the call over to Kathleen for the Q&A
Kathleen Bela, Investor Relations: Thank you operator you can begin polling for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen at this time we will begin the question and answer session. If you have a question, please press the * followed by 1 on your telephone keypad. If you like to decline from the process you may press the * followed by the 2. You will hear a three tone prompt acknowledging your selection and your questions will be polled in the order they are received. If you are using speaker equipment you will need to lift the handset before pressing the numbers. Also please limit your questions to one question and a follow up. For additional questions please re-queue using the * 1 feature. Our first question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs please go ahead.
Q - James Covello: Good afternoon thanks so much congratulations on terrific results and guidance this is about the most bullish Ive ever heard a semi equipment company on one of the calls, couple of quick questions for the NAND investments for 2006, I hear you say the -- you thought would be up 100% year-over-year in CapEx.
A - Martin Anstice: In wafer fab equipment spending we expect that the amount invested in 2006 for NAND Flash will be 80% to 100% more than they spent in 2005.
Q - James Covello: So one, so a follow up there, when there is only a couple of producers of NAND Flash globally, one of them already gave us some guidance on the CapEx. Now, you know, they gave CapEx, and they gave some commentary around wafer fab equipment, so wasnt exactly, you know, there is some interpretation to be made. But, you know, we are kind of indicating flatter up a little bit, they were pretty big spender. So, you know, I would imply everybody else is up a couple of hundred percent in terms of wafer fab equipment to get the whole market out about 100%, is that am I missing something?
A - Martin Anstice: Well, I think that one, you know, specific adds that relates to Samsungs comment, that while their total capital expenditures was going to decline slightly or at least forecasted to the percentage of their spending in terms of wafer fab equipment was going to be higher and clearly they are going to be targeting more of that spending in NAND Flash in 06 than they did in 05. I think if you look at the NAND Flash players that existed in 05, the numbers are increasing in 06. You have the IM Flash Technology joint venture with Intel and Micron. You have Hynix making significant additional investments. Powerchip just announced that they are intending to double their CapEx with an additional billion dollars targeted at a flash fab, and I would expect 70% of that billion dollars to go into wafer fab equipment. ST is accelerating its investment in the NAND Flash segment. So you have both the existing players continuing to make strong and increased investments in 2006 and you have the number of players that are coming to the market in 2006 spending much, much more than they did in 2005.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri, with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Q - Timothy Arcuri: Hi, actually I had two things, I guess the first thing Martin is, you know, if I look at the guidance and I compare to what the results were 9 months ago, you know, the revenue roughly the same, you know, if I look at December results versus March quarter results. The revenues are almost the same but the margins are a little bit lower and R&D is up about 17%. Can you help explain is the entire increment in R&D on these new products?
A - Martin Anstice: Its not quite as simple as that obviously in the comparison you are making Tim, because before the September 05 quarter obviously there is no equity base compensation in the P&L. So the first part of the story comparing to March or December where arguably you could ask the same question, is that in todays P&L there is a $6 million of equity compensation that wasnt there in the prior period. To your point we have made some very specific discretionary decisions to increase our investment in R&D, and I think Ive sized those as round about the $5 million level per quarter, thats what we targeted and it took us a little longer to kind of get to that level, you remember in September we didnt spend quite as much as we guided, but we essentially got December dead-on at the, at the $100 million level. In terms of margins, I think there is a very different story. Obviously in December 04 and March 05, the shape where we were on the curve, was quite different, right were on a curve that was coming down in terms of investment which means we have the opportunity to leverage coming down. We clearly today are at an investment point. So, at revenues of the 350 level, we have shipped 390. So depending away you are on the curve, the cost structure of the company is always kind of dealing with that point of inflection. So, thats kind of part of the margin story, the other part of the margin story, that I think Steve spoke to you in the last call, is that clearly in December 04 and to a lesser extent March 05, we had some really phenomenal customer mix configuration choice dynamics it really helped us in margins terms. And about 3 months ago, we said very specifically that as we were increasing, and rapidly expanding the base of shipments of leading edge products, we were under some amount of pressure initially, but expect to kind of turn that around through the year. And the headline of this earnings call obviously as we did better than we originally targeted by about a percentage point.
Q - Timothy Arcuri: No, sure, sure, I guess Im just wondering, you know, it just seems like the incremental margins are kind of coming -- coming down here, you know, we are at the heart of the cycle, and it seems like that, you know, margin leverage is not what it could be, you know, you werent investing in these new products. So, I guess, Im just trying to figure out whats going to take the model to the next level?
A - Martin Anstice: No, I mean, Im not sure I would conclude what you are concluding Tim. I think you know relative to were if we go back to November of 2004 when we first put some models out there for profitability for the company, we put out two models one of the year model, and I think we were on a dead-on in terms of the revenue, and better in terms of profitability. We also said if we have a $350 million revenue quarter margins would be around 48%. So we are, you know, very, very pleased with the margin performance in terms of operating income the same is true. So, Tim were just starting into the acceleration in this cycle. And we will be growing on a gross margin and more importantly as I commented in the financial model, if we get the kind of spending that we expect, we will be going from an 18.5% operating income percent in the September quarter to 30% operating profit sometime in the 2006 timeframe if that scenario plays out. I think thats pretty good leverage and I think that thats speaks to the fact that there are significant earnings to be coming forth in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Suresh Balaraman with ThinkEquity Partners please go ahead.
Q - Suresh Balaraman: Thanks. Steve in general you guys have rarely given guidance beyond one quarter, and now you are making bullish projections for a whole year, and even though the Japanese budgets for next fiscal, for fiscal07 will not be known for another 2 or 3 months, what has changed that gives you this much confidence and visibility?
A - Stephen Newberry: Well, I think you need to be very careful at your assumptions. I gave guidance for the March quarter. What I did was give you a picture of what 2006 could be like under a set of assumptions. Yes, wafer fab equipment is up 17% on a CapEx increase of 10% then those numbers that I laid out is, what you would expect to see. So I have presented you a model of how we would expect to financially perform against an assumption not a forecast, but an assumption of what would happen should wafer fab equipment spending be 10%. So, I think thats a significant difference, and I think that you have to draw your own conclusions about what you think the CapEx spending, and the wafer fab equipment spending environment will be, but as you make those assumptions, and you do your calculations I want to give you a feel for how we think we would do in a 10% CapEx increase spending environment.
Q - Suresh Balaraman: Okay and any thoughts on how Japan would be -- those in terms of that assumption that you have?
A - Stephen Newberry: How do you, Im sorry, how do Japan will do what?
Q - Suresh Balaraman: In terms of CapEx spending for 06 versus 05?
A - Stephen Newberry: We typically, the Japanese as they go through their cycle which really comes about in the March, April timeframe there has not been any particularly new information thats coming out of Japan, which is not unusual. The assumption is that if we look at the health of the end demand markets, and the positions of the major Japanese semiconductors that have been spending for equipment and adding capacity, the expectation is that they will be spending in a similar amount to what they spend last year. And like I said, our official forecast for CapEx is somewhere in that 7% to 10% increase spending and that assumes a Japan thats relatively flat year-over-year.
Q - Suresh Balaraman: Great thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Hsueh with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Q - Gary Hsueh: Hi, just want to clarify, under those assumptions, Steve that you kind of outlined 10% CapEx growth, 17% wafer fab, with market share gains you believe that Lam could grow in calendar 06 by 30%, or was that 27%?
A - Stephen Newberry: Yes, the assumption that I laid out is, if CapEx grows 10%, then I would expect that with our market share gains that I believe will occur has a function of the applications wins that we achieved in 2005, that we will grow by about 30%, and that, in that 30% growth that would take us to about 1.8 billion from the 1382 that we revenued in 2005.
Q - Gary Hsueh: Okay, but if I look at your bookings guidance for March its just kind of around 500, or 510, I think this suggest basically kind of a peak bookings quarter already, and if I kind of drive bookings sequentially down in June, September, December I can kind come up with 30% growth for bookings in 06 over 05. So, does it suggest that bookings will be down in June?
A - Stephen Newberry: No, I think in fact from what we can see right now, I would expect that June in fact would be up from March. And so, I think that if you, you have to remember there will be a book-to-bill ratio, and typically in a strong upturn environment back in run 1.05 to 1, can run 1.1 to 1 and so, remember also that if you have a bookings environment at a certain level, a shipment environment at slightly less than your bookings, or maybe somewhat equal depending upon how fast we can turn it, Lam is in SAB 101 revenue upon acceptance company, and there is a delay that will occur to some degree that will have our revenues slightly lag from our shipment output levels.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from CJ Muse with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Q - C. J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon, two questions, first. In terms of the 6 of the 7 wins that you outlined for December, and the 10 to 12 that you are targeting for the early part of 06, could you give an outline of what percentage came from Japan?
A - Stephen Newberry: Well I think, what I would rather do if I could is, try to give a little flavor for the application wins and total for the 2005 year as a whole. And those wins came on a worldwide basis. There were a number of wins in Japan. There were wins in the US, there wins in the Taiwan, China and Korea. When we look at the first half of 06, you have the same pattern. There will be wins expected in Japan, Taiwan, China, Korea, Europe and United States. So, these are broad-based, they go across the memory, foundry and logic idea, and they really represent that if we are successful to the extent that we believe we will, that our book market share in 2006 will approximately 43%, or 44%. And so, as a function of that high of a market share, you would expect that its a very broad-based penetration across a number of market segments.
Q - C. J. Muse: Gotcha. And second question, I guess given the market share gains in 05 and presumably some of those contracts coming up off 1Q, can you talk a little bit about how you see your spares in the service business growing in 06?
A - Stephen Newberry: But we think that wafer starts are going to be strong. And that with unit growth up 13%, 14% we are going to have wafer start growth about 10%, 12%. So, we think our spares in our service business will grow as a function of that environment. We also expect that some activities that we are doing to work with customers on increasing our support level in the fab to increase their optimum utilization of our equipment, maximize the availability, lower the cost for wafer, along with we are, and have been successful over the past 6 months in winning back market share in our spares consumables area, where some of the low-cost country, local supplier had taken some share away in the year before that, we had been successful and wining some of that back. So, I would expect that we would see our spares in service business grow 20%, 25% next year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse First Boston. Please go ahead.
Q - John Pitzer: Yeah, good afternoon guys. Steve nice results, couple of questions here, first, your assumption that Etch grows faster than WSC this year, is that just based upon the fact that Etch always grows faster in upturn, or is there something else, and then I have a follow-up.
A - Stephen Newberry: Thats a good question. Weve done a study going back really 20 years of the past cycles. And what you see is a very consistent trend, in a downturn Etch will have less money spent on it, in an upturn you will have more money spent on it. So, when we saw that we said well, whats really the reason behind that? And much you have is that Etch is a critical yield enabling tool, and its a very difficult, its a tool that has to deal with some very difficult application steps. Customers want to make sure in an upturn environment that they do not run out of capacity to get through their Etches. Its somewhat of a similar pattern but to a lesser degree than you see in total photolithography. I mean if you dont have your photolithography tools in your fab, and what you can ramp into, you are going to run yourself to a grinding halt. And so, Etchers in an upturn are purchase that slightly higher rates, in our case we believe that they go from being 12% of wafer fab equipment to about 12.6% of wafer fab equipment. And we expect that will be exactly the trend that we see as we go into this capacity ramp.
Q - John Pitzer: And then Steve as a follow-up question, you talked a little bit about June visibilities and you said that the thing which you see today June is probably up. Can you at least qualitatively tell us why you think that, and I think that, I asked the question but I think thats just board poorly for the second half bookings momentum for the calendar year? Thanks.
A - Stephen Newberry: Well, everybody wants to know if they could what September and December were going to do. And the reality is in this business, we are normally operating where as we can see whats going to happen in the quarter were in. Were happy. I think what happens in some of these upturn environments is that you do tend to get, more visibility out to a little longer, as a function of the fact that lead-times begin to move out some, customers get nervous about making sure that the supply chain is going to be support them, and so you certainly have a lot more conversations that, or talking about what customers would like to do in terms of equipment deliveries over a longer period of time. So thats why I can talk about the direction of June, I am not going to talk about the specifics of June because there is still a fair amount of time to go in terms of how June will exactly shape up, but clearly if what occurs in fact and thats what we see today if thats what occurs then June will have higher bookings than the March quarter.
Q - John Pitzer: What is that mean for the second half?
A - Martin Anstice: I dont know. I mean one of the things that we look at clearly because we try to understand those kind of things as you do is, whats the demand environment that is likely to be present in 2007. Whats happening to the -- the amount of total capacity thats going into the industry, how is that stacking up against the demand environment and whats happening to the, the ratios of wafer fab equipment investment as a, as a percent of semiconductor revenue and because most people believe that 2006 is going to be a 12% type semiconductor revenue environment. We had very modest wafer fab equipment investment in 2005. We are going to have a stronger wafer fab equipment environment at 17%, by historical means thats not some super strong level of investment weve clearly seen periods where wafer fab equipment investments gone up 40% or 50% year-over-year. And so when you look at the investment that might occur around a 10% CapEx, and 17% wafer fab equipment, it does not take the financial metrics and the efficiencies and productivities that are needed in the industry, they dont take them out of luck. So, I think that we are in a situation where clearly we were accelerating off of where we were in the June and September timeframe, but I dont see that this acceleration is getting, getting out of hand and I think that if -- if things continue to be healthy on a global consumption situation then we should expect that the second half of 2006 will be fine.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brett Hodess with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Q - Brett Hodess: Steve, two questions. First on the, you talked a bit before about the breadth of the new application wins across the different customers, are there particular product areas you are doing better in your dielectric versus metal or poly, and there is other specific applications in dielectric for instance that are, that are, you are seeing the best leverage in.
A - Stephen Newberry: Well, clearly we have been targeting how to increase our application wins in the dielectric market as it represents 60% to 65% of the total expanding in Etch. Weve been pleased with the progress that weve made in winning a number of dielectric applications. And we clearly saw a market share growth in dielectric. But, we still invest a significant amount of money and peoples time and effort into the conductor market which for us is both the silicon and the metal market. And we had a number of important application wins in both of those areas. But, it would be fair to say that the majority of those application wins in 2005 were dielectric, and I think we will see a similar pattern in 2006 as the dielectric market share represents a greater opportunity for us than the very high market share that we already enjoy in poly silicon and metal.
Q - Brett Hodess: And the quick follow-on Steve was, can you give us some kind of qualitative feel for when we might see the some of the new strip and clean products you mentioned earlier?
A - Stephen Newberry: We are, I would expect that in our March analyst meeting, we didnt say that.
A - Martin Anstice: Not formally though.
A - Stephen Newberry: Okay, all right so I guess this will constitute some kind of communication that we are planning to have in an analyst conference in March in Shanghai, China. And we have to get that official I think here shortly. But at that time, I want to talk more specifically will have our product group management team, and our technologist there. We are going to talk about our business opportunities both in Etch but also into the Strip and Clean market. Talk more specifically about the applications that we are targeting. We will talk about the size of the market opportunities. And we will look at, and how we see our business model shaping as a function of these new product activities. And we will layout a roadmap so to speak of what we would like to do over the next 12 to 18 months with these products. So maybe this is the classic teaser good reason to tune into our March meeting. I think of there will be some great information for you there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Deahna with J.P Morgan. Please go ahead.
Q - Jay Deahna: Thank you and good afternoon I have got two topics I would like to discuss. The first one is memory. I believe you stated in the past that your share in flash for total Etch is over 50%. I am wondering what it is for DRAM and I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, something about gaining share with Taiwanese memory suppliers. And the follow-on to that is our understanding is that Micron, Samsung and Hynix are spending a lot of money on flash this year, high percentage of their CapEx. But as we roll into the back half of this year and then into next year there is going to be digital DRAM, which is going to be a DRAM PEG. So, I am just wondering, are you going to see, you know, exceptionally strong order for flash in the first half transitioning into over DRAM centric scenario in the second half and then I got another topic to follow up on.
A - Martin Anstice: Okay, yeah I talked about our market share in the NAND Flash segments greater than 50%. Our market share in DRAM is less than that, its in the mid to low 40s and we are expecting that if we continue to make good progress, and some of the memory DRAM manufacturers that we can see that number move up in 2006. But there are some decision points that have not yet been made, so we are in that low 40s percent for DRAM. As it relates to what the kind of breakout might be as you look at spending for the quarter. Certainly in the December quarter there was some significant NAND Flash ordering. I think that we are going to see some continued investment in the March quarter, and I think we will actually see in the June quarter, a good strong investment for memory and that will be both the mixture of Flash and DRAM. In terms of the second half, again you have this kind of visibility problem in terms of whats really going on, but historically the December quarter is a major ordering quarter for the memory manufacturers, its done that for the last two or three years and so I think that well see a sustained level of investment for memory, mixtures of Flash and DRAM throughout the year, but its too early in the year to really know for sure what will the memory investment be in the second half.
Q - Jay Deahna: Are your customers talking to you about long range planning for the potential impact of big growth acceleration in DRAM next year?
A - Martin Anstice: Most of our customers are very focused on whats happening in the near term. And as you know, the activity in the NAND Flash area has presented some tremendous opportunities and you have certainly a lot of companies ploughing into that space. And you know one the interesting things is that when you look at the customer base, and how the NAND Flash market lays out, for a semiconductor company theyve got maybe a 100 different outlets in terms of how they can sell their NAND Flash devices. When you look at the DRAM market, its selling into maybe 5 major players who have enormous control of the pricing environment and the balancing of supply and demand. The NAND Flash market is a market that the applications are just emerging. I think many people who looked downwards coming out of the consumer electronic show clearly got a hint of some new flash applications that are being designed in that if they occurred in a reasonable timeframe like instant on ARM PCs. The amount of NAND Flash that would be absorbed would make whats currently being produced throughout. So, I think we are entering in era, and what our customers do talk to us about is they are very bullish about the multiyear expectation of significant ongoing demand in NAND Flash in particular but memory in general.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Q - Stephen O'Rourke: Thank you. Its just a follow-up on a line of questioning here tonight. When you think about short lead times, the flexibility in business models particularly yours, do you think the equipment industry is kind of showing a measure of seasonality that nearest maybe anticipates the semi industry?
A - Martin Anstice: No, I think certainly the equipment industry as a whole and the supply base that serves it have enabled over the last few years to really shortened up the cycle times, and have really increased the ability to respond half of the given base by ramps of 30% to 50% in 3 months to 5 months timeframes. What this has done is certainly created a much closer linkage to what the semiconductor companies are trying to do, and their response to their customers, who are clearly shortened up their lead times to them. So that the whole entire supply chain by being shorter and faster, I think actually creates the opportunity for us to stay in better balance relative to supply and demand. When we have lead times that go out 6 months and 9 months and we have the huge backlogs. And weve got customers having to make investments in filling out wafer fab shows, and spending that money all well at advance of really knowing how well that their customer demand will holdup. As weve shorten the whole process, I think its one of the reasons that we saw the cycle in 03 and 04, be one that ramped up, got itself in sink with the demand environment and then, slowed down, but relatively modest slow down, stayed in balance relative to supply and demand. And I think that if we can keep lead-time short that we are going to have an opportunity that we will end up with these massive over shoots of excess capacity which then results in huge problems in spending a year, or year and half, or two years to absorb that excess capacity.
Q - Stephen O'Rourke: Okay. And you gave us a fairly strong picture of 2006 and made it very clear that they were assumptions and not a forecast. Can you handicap the confidence level that you have in your assumptions?
A - Martin Anstice: Well
Q - Stephen O'Rourke: Or I would ask it different way?
A - Martin Anstice: I mean, let me put it this way. I dont know whether or not CapEx will go up 10%, because there is just too many variables that could lead to that being higher or lower. But, what I do have a high level of confidence in, is if CapEx goes up 10%, and if wafer fab equipment goes up to 17%, and we get the kind of increased investment in Etch and so that the Etch market grows 23%. So, if you just say if thats what happens, whats my confidence level that things will play out in terms of that financial model that I laid out? I have a high degree of confidence, that its, thats the level of spending we get in 2006. Those are the kind of results you are going to see from Lam Research.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Bachman with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Mark Bachman: Hi Steve, you mentioned 4 application losses in 2005. Can you discuss the difficulties that you face during these negotiations, and maybe some of the primary reasons why, why you lost that business?
A - Steve Newberry: Well, I think like in, in any competitive situation, we, what I define a loss its where the production to a record and when I define a win, its the competitor was and we kept it away from them. Etch is a very difficult business. Each of the customers have a very unique structures, and designs, and different film stacks. And in a couple of cases, that as they we change technology nodes, we had difficulty in getting our current configuration of hardware and in process recipes to meet the needs that the customer had as they change their phone structure at the next technology node. Most customers keep other suppliers with chambers that are in various stages of evaluation. And so, where we lost, it was a place where our competitors were able to deliver the customer solution. The customers felt that the solution work better for them. And the problem for us was we just didnt get them to solution faster enough. Now, in two of those four cases, weve been able to demonstrate that in fact even though it took us a little bit longer, we now have a superior solution, and we may very well win back that market share position. But, I think its only appropriate that if I am going to talk to you about the wins we have, I think we have to acknowledge that. We dont win every single thing thats going on out there, but at the end of the day, if we are winning a lot more than we are losing, then it says thats a competitiveness of the tool. And the differentiated capability of both the tool and our peoples capability is still strengthening relative to the competition.
Q - Mark Bachman: Okay. I guess that will leave me then to my follow-up, you also discussed 10 to 12 new applications here; you expect to win in the first half of 06. Can you give us some more color on those, maybe the types of applications, and the end-markets that they serve?
A - Stephen Newberry: I will give you only a very brief kind of broad-based overview for a couple reasons. One is, I dont want be altering (ph) my competition to the fact that there maybe greater risk, than they have realized. And so, those specific applications in customers, I am not going to talk about. Second is, in March, we will be providing more color on specific aspects of the market, where, when we look at our technology, when we look at our product offerings, we want to help people understand better, why had weve been winning, why are we still winning. When we look at next generation tool sets at the 65-nanometer and 45-nanometer node, as we are shipping those Flex 45 dielectric tools, the Kiyo 45 conductor tools, we want to help give people a better flavor for, why those tools with there technologies are going to be very successful not only defending our position, but also continuing to increase our market share capability and so we will talk about that more in March.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Fitzgerald with Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Q - Mark Fitzgerald: Yeah, two questions here. On, given that NAND 50% of the mix, and its a big seasonal market for demand, you know with these iPods and camera selling largely at Christmas timings, Chinese New Years, if you are a chip manufacturer, why wont you order very aggressively install in the first half, and then cut it off in the second half?
A - Martin Anstice: Well, I think you probably have to ask them to give, because I think they could give you a better answer in terms of, you know, how they plan their investments, their use of their capital dollars, and when they want to put capacity and at what timeframes. I think the reality is maybe somewhat different than what you are characterizing, because its not that capacity additions only going in the first half, but certainly if we look at some of the seasonality aspects, if you get your equipment shipped in the first quarter, you get it up and qualified in the second quarter, then you are in a outstanding position that as the demand market unfolds for that next year, you can wafer start an output right into that demand environment. So, certainly a portion of that make sense relative to the Christmas seasonality. But the reality in NAND Flash is, it is a market that today is characterized, greater demand than what can be supplied in any given period in time, and thats because the overall market continues to grow and its the far more dominant factor than the seasonality aspects of whats going on in some other markets that are growing at slower rates, and therefore more mature and they are more subject to seasonality demands.
Q - Mark Fitzgerald: Right. Then the second question is, you said your internal model is for 7% to 10% growth. I mean is that a bottoms up and do you have by identified capital spending per each individual company at this point.
A - Martin Anstice: Our track, corporate marketing team in fact does that very thing. Theyve got every major and most, not so major semiconductor companies. We track every announcement, we track what they said they were going to spend, what they have spent. And so, that forecast of 7% to 10% is our estimate of what we think CapEx spending will be. And so, clearly we begin to position the company in terms of resources that we need in various places. Its why as Martin mentioned we added 50 people to our headcount, which for us is a very significant addition. We would anticipate that if things continue to expand over the year as we expect that we will add some additional headcount particularly in our field based engineering and technology capability. So yes, we look at this stuff very carefully, very specifically and break things down into wafer fab equipments spending by foundry, by memory segment et cetera so quite a detail analysis.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Q - Stephen Chin: Great, thanks. Steve that strength that you expect to see from the foundry segment in the March quarter is the majority of that strength coming from one customer or multiple foundry customers contributing equally the strength?
A - Stephen Newberry: There are multiple foundry companies in Taiwan, in China in which obviously are the biggest markets for foundry but multiple companies and multiple regions.
Q - Stephen Chin: Okay, and just on the memory orders it looks like they will be down a little bit in the March quarter. Can you share with us an idea of how you think the flash versus DRAMs split likely plays itself out?
A - Stephen Newberry: Well, in the March quarter, there is less NAND Flash spending or ordering and the ratio is actually pretty strongly DRAM, probably 75% of the orders are likely to be coming from DRAM in the March quarter and that could change obviously, but we had a big strong investment in NAND it will be stronger in DRAM in the March quarter and then I would expect that will see NAND Flash investment increase in the following quarters of 06.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Schulze Melander with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Q - Timothy Schulze Melander: Sir, can you hear me, hear me?
A - Kathleen Bela: Go ahead, Tim.
Q - Timothy Schulze Melander: Let me try, can you hear me?
A - Kathleen Bela: Much better.
Q - Timothy Schulze Melander: Okay, great. Congratulations on the quarter, and also just on the open dialog definitely much appreciated. Two quick questions, the first is on the ASPs if you put us, could you just make a broad comment in terms of what the pricing trends are, that are up and down and against that should you maybe share with us how frequently you renegotiate pricing with your key supplies is it quarterly, semi-annually, annually and then Ive got a follow-up.
A - Stephen Newberry: Okay, first I before answer that I want to thank all of the folks who have had kind words and congratulations to -- to us its hard to sometimes to express that because if there is stocking going on, you cant hear us say that, but I want to make sure that we all do appreciate the comments. As it relates to ASPs, the environment at this point in cycle is stable. I think that we typically are in a situation today that Etch is such a critically difficult activity that if you are getting a differentiated result from the wafer you are able to price for that value. So the reason for us its stable is that we continue to maintain a very competitive capability across our various Etch products. I would assume and what will happen for us is that we will continue to have some margin expansion as a function of it efficiencies and the factory well also gain some benefits from our suppliers. While we have contracts with some of our suppliers that as the volume goes up and their cost down, they pass on additional savings to us on an annual basis with our suppliers, we have a global agreements with them, those contracts are setup with levels of business that are expected, and discounts from prior years that have enabled us to continue to stay very competitive on the cost side of the equation. And so I am very pleased with the suppliers they have -- they have been ramping their output, they have been maintaining their quality, their on time delivery is phenomenal, and maybe different than some people think, maybe its happening to others. But our suppliers do not rise prices to us in the upturn and part of that is contractual and the other is they want a long-term relationship with us because they see the benefits of that.
Q - Timothy Schulze Melander: Great and then my follow-up is just, you had a number of questions, everybody of kind dealing with the sustainability of the up cycle, you mentioned two numbers which were CapEx plus 10%, WFE plus 17, can you maybe just share with us, what are the key assumptions that you see underpinning that sort of 1.7x close of WFE when compared to the for the CapEx numbers. Thanks.
A - Stephen Newberry: I think, I already say 1.7x growth.
Q - Timothy Schulze Melander: Yes, if you go 17% WFE compared to 10% CapEx its almost the WFE is almost growing twice as fast as the CapEx from the year-over-year?
A - Stephen Newberry: Right, thats fundamentally a function of on average. In down cycles in particular the investment percentage of CapEx that goes into wafer fab equipment drops into the 50, 51, 52% range. As biggest companies in downturns build ourselves, get their properties and plants kind of setup. In an upturn environment that percentage moves 55% of CapEx going to wafer fab equipment. Sometimes it can go as high as 56% or 57%. So the assumption of 17% wafer fab equipment growth is based on the assumption of 55% of that CapEx will go to wafer fab equipment and thats how you get that increase in growth, and then if you take it to the next step Etch goes from being 12% of wafer fab equipment to 12.6% and thats how you get Etch growth at 23%. So you can see the leverage that occurs in its quite significant half of a 10% CapEx.
Kathleen Bela: Okay, thank you we would like to thank everyone for joining us on todays call and we look forward to speaking with you again in the next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen this concludes the Lam Research December Quarter 2005 Finance Results Conference. Thank you again for your participation on todays conference and you may now disconnect.
