===== 2025 Q2  (2025-05-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Raji Gill, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development for Skyworks. Mr. Gill, please go ahead.
Raji Gill: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Skyworks second fiscal quarter 2025 conference call. With me today for our prepared remarks is Phil Brace, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. This call is being broadcast over the web and can be accessed from the Investor Relations section of the company's website at skyworksinc.com. In addition, the company's prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after the conclusion during the call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, today's discussion will include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil.
Philip Brace: Thanks, Raji and welcome everyone. I'm excited to join you today for my first earnings call as CEO of Skyworks. Over the past few months, I've engaged with our customers, partners, employees and shareholders, and I'm energized by the opportunities ahead. Since stepping into the role, I spent time getting to know our teams across the company and I've been incredibly impressed by the depth of talent and expertise throughout the organization. We have some of the smartest engineers I've ever worked with, and there's a real energy and passion for innovation that you can feel everywhere. There's also a competitive edge and a hunger to win. It's been exciting to jump in and be part of such a strong and capable team. Skyworks sits at the center of the wireless revolution, backed by a rich history in RF innovation. Our proprietary technologies power some of the most demanding connectivity platforms in the world, from 5G and WiFi to automotive and edge IoT, and we're continuing to push the bounds of what's possible. Now let's review our fiscal Q2 results. Skyworks delivered solid performance driven by our diversified portfolio and disciplined execution. We posted revenue of $953 million, delivered earnings per share of $1.24 and generated free cash flow of $371 million. Revenue, gross margin and EPS exceeded the midpoint of our guidance. We returned a record $600 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments, the highest amount ever. This underscores our confidence in the long-term outlook as well as our commitment to delivering value to shareholders. Let's provide some additional color on the business. In mobile, we experienced typical seasonal patterns during the March quarter while executing on multiple new product launches with our leading mobile customers. Smartphones are evolving with AI driving more uplink intensive workloads like real time voice processing and enhanced imaging. Over time, this trend should drive higher transmit power, better efficiency and expanded uplink MIMO areas where Skyworks is strongly positioned. In our diversified businesses, we've seen a steady recovery underway for more than a year with five consecutive quarters of sequential revenue growth and two quarters of positive year-over-year comparisons. This improvement is being driven by strength in Automotive, Edge IoT and Wi-Fi 7 adoption across consumer and enterprise devices. Demand signals are firming, bookings are improving and in most segments, we're seeing inventory normalization across the distribution channel. In Edge IoT, Wi-Fi 7 adoption is accelerating to meet real time demands like high resolution video and smart sensors. Its advanced capabilities are driving greater RF content per system, creating strong momentum for our connectivity portfolio. In addition, we've already begun early development on Wi-Fi 8 to solidify our technology leadership in the next generation wireless connectivity. In automotive the move to software defined vehicles is driving the need for robust wireless connectivity as these vehicles rely on over the air updates, real time sensor data processing and interconnectivity between vehicle systems. The RF content should also scale up. Lastly, as AI drives more complex data center workloads, the need for tighter integration between timing devices and processors is growing. While still early, we see a long-term opportunity to capitalize on this trend with our precision timing portfolio. Overall, we're encouraged by the momentum in our diversified businesses. Our position in next generation product cycles from automotive connectivity to edge IoT to timing reinforces our long-term trajectory. Turning to our quarterly business highlights, we secured design wins across 5G premium Android smartphones and for in vehicle infotainment systems with major OEMs. We also expanded Wi-Fi 7 across enterprise access points, routers and home mesh networks. Before I turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and outlook for Q3 of fiscal '25, I would like to highlight some changes to the executive leadership team. First, Mark Dentinger will be succeeding Kris as the CFO of Skyworks, effective June 2, 2025. Mark brings significant CFO level and strategic experience across the technology sector. His deep expertise and proven track record make him a strong addition to the Skyworks leadership team. Kris will be stepping down to pursue another professional opportunity. On behalf of the entire board and everyone at Skyworks, I would like to thank him for his valuable contributions and wish him success in his new endeavors. Second, Todd Lepinski will be succeeding Carlos Bori as Skyworks Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing, effective June 2, 2025. Todd brings experience driving global revenue growth and building high performance teams in the semiconductor and technology sectors. Carlos will be shifting to an advisory role to help ensure a smooth transition. I'm looking forward to partnering with Mark and Todd and leveraging their strong leadership capabilities as we execute on our long-term strategic initiatives.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks Phil. First of all, I would like to thank all Skyworks stakeholders including the board, the executive team and employees around the world for many years of strong collaboration. It's been an honor and privilege to serve as Skyworks CFO for the last eight years. I only work for a short period of time with Phil, but I know that under his leadership, with the help of Mark and Todd and the rest of the executive team, Skyworks will prosper in the years ahead. Now let's turn to the quarterly results. Skyworks revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2025 was $953 million above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile revenue was 62% of total revenue, down 17% sequentially, consistent with historical seasonal patterns as demand normalizes following peak holiday shipments. Revenue from our broad markets portfolio, which includes Edge IoT, automotive and industrial and infrastructure, networking and cloud, increased 2% sequentially and grew 3% year-over-year, marking our fifth consecutive quarter of growth since reaching a cyclical low in the December quarter of 2023. This sustained momentum reflects the expanding diversification of our business even amid a volatile microenvironment and ongoing inventory digestion in certain end markets. Gross profit was $445 million with gross margin at 46.7%, exceeding our expectations, driven by favorable mix, continued execution on our cost reduction initiatives and operational efficiencies. We also made further progress in improving our working capital position, marking our ninth consecutive quarter of inventory reduction. Operating expenses were $223 million, aligned with our strategic priorities. These investments support our long-term technology and product roadmaps. Looking ahead, we remain focused on striking an appropriate balance, investing in innovation and strategic market expansion while maintaining cost controls to protect and grow profitability. We delivered operating income of $222 million, translating into an operating margin of 23.3%, demonstrating financial discipline as we invest for growth. We generated $5 million of other income and our effective tax rate was 13.4%, driving net income of $197 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.24, $0.04 above our guidance. We demonstrated robust cash generation with operating cash flow of $410 million, capital expenditures of $39 million and a free cash flow of $371 million, or a 39% free cash flow margin. Our ability to consistently convert earnings into cash is a cornerstone of our financial strategy. Throughout the second fiscal quarter, we remained committed to disciplined capital allocation, returning value to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. During fiscal Q2, we distributed $111 million in dividends and repurchased 7.4 million shares of our common stock for a total of $500 million, translating to over $600 million capital return to shareholders, the largest quarterly return ever. After the end of the quarter and through May 2, we repurchased an additional 3.6 million shares of our common stock for a total of $212 million under an established 10b5-1 program. At quarter end, we maintained a solid cash position and a well-structured balance sheet with over $1.5 billion in cash and investments and $1 billion in debt, providing us with financial strength and flexibility to support both near and long-term priorities. We view our strong balance sheet and consistent free cash flow as key strategic assets. Before we go into the details of our outlook for Q3 of fiscal 2025, I'd like to briefly address the recent macroeconomic and tariff developments. While the evolving tariff landscape presents new complexities, we believe our diversified global supply chain positions us to navigate potential disruptions. As this is a dynamic environment, we will continue to actively monitor the situation. With that context for the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we anticipate revenue of $920 million to $960 million. We expect our mobile business to decline low single digits sequentially in-line with typical seasonal patterns. Broad markets remain on track for another quarter of sequential growth, with year-over-year trends accelerating. We are encouraged by improving bookings, backlog and channel sell through. Gross margin is projected to be between 46% and 47%. We anticipate operating expenses in the range of $220 million to $230 million. As we continue to invest in our technology and product development roadmaps fueled by our strong cash flow generation. Below the line, we anticipate $5 million in other income, an effective tax rate of approximately 13%, and a diluted share count of approximately 152 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $940 million, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.24. Now let me hand it back to Phil for some final remarks.
Philip Brace: Thank you, Kris. As we wrap up, I want to take a moment to reflect on some key business initiatives. First, we must reinforce our leadership position in mobile, focusing on what we do best, developing the most innovative solutions in the industry and delivering the highest performance RF products to our customers. Second, accelerate the growth in our diversified businesses. Third, optimize operational efficiency with cost discipline and gross margin improvements. Before I close, I want to thank our employees for their incredible dedication and our customers and partners for their continued trust and collaboration. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Chris Caso at Wolfe Research. And Chris, your line is open. You may have yourself on mute.
Chris Caso: Hi. Good morning. I hope you can hear me now. So welcome, Phil and Kris. We'll certainly miss you. But perhaps, Phil, the first question would be for you. You haven't been at Skyworks long, but I'm sure you've been working hard to kind of dig in here. Perhaps some initial thoughts about strategy, about sort of where you're looking to take the company, just kind of an assessment of, what particular strategic changes you might be contemplating at the moment.
Philip Brace: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Chris. Appreciate the acknowledgment. Some of the things I've been most excited about so far, I mean, first, when you look at the core technology and the core engineers that we have, some of the smartest people I've worked with in my career and really are at the foundation of kind of the core wireless capability you have. And so, one of the things I'm most excited about when you, when you think about where Skyworks position long-term, you look at how many devices are out there connected to the Internet, and the vast majority of them are and will be connected wirelessly. And some of our core technology is right in the center of that. And so, I think you can imagine that some of the things I'm looking for going forward is how do we take and build upon that core wireless capability and look for adjacencies that continue to fuel that growth. And that's really where I'll be focused some of my energy.
Chris Caso: Great. As a follow up question, it's with regard to broad markets and it sounds like you've seen a little bit of bookings improvement and certainly some sequential growth there. What sort of, I guess in the short-term, what sort of growth do you think? Well, I guess to start, you know, do we think that customer inventories have now normalized and therefore, we're getting on a more normal growth path here? And what do you think that growth path is likely to be? Where do you see the longer-term growth in this broad markets business and where's the trajectory for the rest of the year?
Philip Brace: Yes, I think, you know, that's a good question. I think in general, like if we look, step back and look overall at those businesses in general, I think if we look in general, a lot of those businesses still had pretty significant inventory corrections post Covid. In many cases, some of the business, some of the businesses had the infamous golden screw, right? And so as a result, customers just bought just tons and tons of inventory. I think in general across the landscape we've seen a normalization of that. We started to see inventories getting back to normal positions, booking trends continue. So, I think in general what we're seeing is kind of that hangover that we experienced, we think that's behind us. If we dig down, right, and look at the kind of the three segments underneath it with Edge IoT, that's really about Wi-Fi 7 adoption, right? That is really at the early ages or early innings, I would say, of deployment that has more RF content per device, more performance, strong customer value proposition. I think that'll be a tailwind for us going forward. On the automotive side, we're seeing good year-over-year growth there. And it's really important to note that what we're seeing there really is not just tied to EVs or particular how the combustion engines, whether it's EV combustion engines or hybrids, it's really around the software defined vehicles and all the connectivity that's around that. And so we're seeing good growth there. And then on the infrastructure networking cloud, that's an area where it's still a little bit choppy from that side. But I think long-term, some of the secular trends with respect to what's happening in the data centers and the connectivity space I think that's going to continue to normalize there as well. So on balance I think we've seen right overall inventory correction. We're starting to see some return to normal growth. And then underneath that it's Wi-Fi 7 connected cars and infrastructure networking cloud. That's kind of how we see that.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Karl Ackerman at BNP Paribus.
Unknown Analyst: This is Yan Pooh for Karl Ackerman. Thank you for taking the question. So, I just want to touch on tariff. I know it's a fluid topic but I just want to understand how your view, how do you view tariffs and what portion of your cogs could get qualified for USMCA import exempt status given that you have the Mexico fab. As you address that, could you also discuss how you can how much of your ability to pass down tariff cost to other customers? Like, thank you very much.
Philip Brace: Yes, so this is Phil. Maybe I'll just take a high-level remark and then I'll pass it over to Kris for any particular details on it. Look, in general the tariff environment is incredibly dynamic, right. As you can probably imagine. I'm not telling you any news there. I think our current assessment though, given our supply chain and where we are, the current guidance really reflects any impact that we see from that and we're continuing to monitor that daily. And I think our guidance reflects what we believe to be the current environment right now. And I think our diversified supply chain where we ship things, how we ship them, where we get them, manufactured with free trade zones, all sorts of other things that are happening. I think all of that is reflected in our current guidance. Having said that, obviously we monitor every single day and we'll continue to do so. But right now, the current guidance reflects what we believe is the current environment for tariff. Kris, any other comments you want to say?
Kris Sennesael: No, just I mean based on our current understanding of the tariff landscape, we don't see any major direct impact on our business. Obviously we will continue to work with our customers and supply chain partners but for now as it stands, no major direct impact on our business.
Unknown Analyst: Thank you. And as a follow up can you discuss will you be able to maintain your CapEx outlook or do you have any intention to move around your manufacturing locations to avoid tariffs? Thank you.
Philip Brace: Our CapEx spending is really focused honestly on new product, new technology development versus any sort of production capacity. So, any, most of the CapEx you see, the vast majority of it is on new technology development. So I wouldn't necessarily see, I wouldn't expect to see any change with respect to our CapEx plans based on that.
Kris Sennesael: Right. And just CapEx is running on or about mid-single digits as a percent of revenue.
Unknown Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Edward Snyder at Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Thank you very much. A couple questions if I could. First off, it looks like based on the content in your largest customer's phone, from the teardowns we've done and other folks have done and stuff we saw from last year, that is it fair to assume that you think your content will bottom end of this year and then maybe make a slow recovery? I know it depends a lot on mix and I know that's hard to predict. I think Qualcomm guided for 30, 30-70 mix favoring their solution. So I just want to get an update on your view of where you think your content will bottom into your largest customers? And then I have a follow up. Thanks.
Philip Brace: Yes. Hey Ed, it's Phil. Nice to talk with you again. You know, as you might imagine, we can't really comment on specific customers plans and what's getting going, but generally speaking, let me try and give you a little bit of color. I mean, when I look holistically, I think we have some tailwinds behind us in that regard. The first is we've got to deliver better products and compete for the sockets that we believe we have the chance to win. And I think we're putting our best foot forward there on that. Second, I think there's going to be a trend that's going to have more RF content as I talked about with complexity, workloads, MIMO capabilities and those kind of things. And then thirdly, I do think there's some potential content differences that may happen with respect to certain solutions that may happen on the baseband side. And I think some of those trends right, should play in our favor. So look, I think overall, I think there's, there's three things and then you overlay that where hopefully you get some tailwind on the unit side. Respect AI adoption and I think we've got some things that work in our favor. Look, we have to continue to execute. As I've always said, we've got to deliver great products. You have a great product, you win, you have a jump ball, you split and you have a bad product, you lose. And, and that's the game we're playing. So that's what we're focused on.
Edward Snyder: Okay. My follow up, I know that. Well, your filters are built out of Japan. BAW is anyway. And then the part that you kind of gave up to Avago, used a lot of those. And so you got utilization issues there. First of all, between the lower utilization and some of the advances you made in filters reducing the die size, is it fair to assume that even if you were to win a larger module that takes a lot more filters, you wouldn't have to put a lot more capping into that facility or it depends on the module like the mid high band, et cetera? It's got 22 filters in it. No matter what, if that were to come about, you're still going to need CapEx expansion even with where you are today?
Philip Brace: Yes, I just want, thanks, Ed. I think one clarity is, you know, the particular area you talk about. I would characterize that as a jump ball where we split versus clear win, where we got 100%. So it wasn't a -- I would just say that. And the other to your point on CapEx expansion, I mean, look, right now I think we are sufficiently capitalized from a production capability and I don't expect to have any capacity concerns with respect to that. Our capacity investments right now are really focused on new technology development that we need to power the innovation forward. So right now, I'm not expecting, certainly not expecting any incremental capacity need for production based on what I can see. As far as the -- I can see.
Edward Snyder: Okay, but just to be clear, you have to have the capacity in place before you're awarded a big modular, any big OEM. Correct. This can't be done after the fact. Correct?
Kris Sennesael: Right. And so Ed, we do have plenty of capacity in place to absorb a potential large upside to the business.
Edward Snyder: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Gary Mobley at Loop Capital.
Gary Mobley: Hi guys, thanks so much for taking my question. I really just have a multi part question and that's it. Phil, you highlighted your three priorities, one of which is stabilizing and maybe regrowing your business with your leading smartphone customers. So do you feel any differently today versus what you communicated last quarter with respect to your blended content in the upcoming, you know, smartphone launch at your largest customer? And then with respect to optimizing operational efficiency, could you give us a sense of where your utilization rates are now and what those, what the goal may be in terms of, in terms of optimizing that manufacturing footprint?
Philip Brace: Yes, let me, let me try and I'll have Kris jump in here. You know, I think the one thing, you know, the, I guess I would characterize if you look at, in general, the mobile business in general, it's characterized by very short product cycles. You got to earn the business every year or every other year. You got to deliver highly competitive parts and it's a very competitive landscape. I believe we've got some of the best, if not the best RFA engineers on the planet. But sometimes having the best team on the floor doesn't necessarily mean you win every game. But I'm feeling very good about where we are, the investments we're making, the people we've got, and we're working really hard to do it and we're laser focused on doing it. And frankly, I'm taking a no excuses kind of thing. Right. We just got to deliver better parts, period. The answer is we've got to deliver better parts. There was a lot of rhetoric around stuff being done to us, and I just don't like that rhetoric at all. I think the reality is we got to deliver the best parts and we'll take care of ourselves and that's what we need to be focused on. I think your other question was around?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So, Gary, as it relates to utilization rates, obviously we have multiple factories in the U.S. in Japan and Singapore and in Mexico. The utilization rate varies by manufacturing location. But I would go back to my previous answer. We have plenty of capacity in those factories. And so as future revenue growth is going to fuel better factory utilization, that will lead to gross margin improvements without us having to put much capacity in place to fulfill future revenue growth. And Gary, maybe as it relates to, of course, the blended content at the next upcoming phone, that obviously has not changed.
Gary Mobley: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland at Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: Hi guys. Thanks for the question and welcome Phil and Kris, sorry to see you leave. Phil, you mentioned some wireless excellence at the company and looking at adjacent markets also, you came from the IoT world previously. Could that be an adjacency for you, whether it's cellular or unlicensed?
Philip Brace: Yes, look, I'm not going to comment on particular areas of focus there. Obviously, I came from the IT side, but I would say my purview is a very wide, wide landscape. I mean, some of our core technologies are, you know, acoustic resonators, filter design, some of the core processes that are involved in that packaging, multi, multi-chip packaging modules, very tight integration. I mean, the technology required to deliver some of our solutions is just incredible. And so, you know, I look to a wide, a wide range of things where we could go there. So, I'm not going to comment on specific, specific areas, as you might, you might guess.
Christopher Rolland: Fair enough. And then secondly, saw and typically lower frequencies. You have made a push into BAW, but we haven't had any major updates there, I think in a little bit. Is this a focus for you and is there kind of, do you see any evidence of greater traction in BAW moving forward and doubling your efforts there? Thanks.
Philip Brace: Look, I think BAW is like a critical component of our technology and we remain significantly invested in that and we've got a very robust roadmap going forward. And so I think we've seen good traction in that and that continues to be a cornerstone of our investment.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom O'Malley at Barclays.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question and Phil, Mark, congrats on the roles. Look forward to working with you. A tactical one first and then a longer-term one in the March and the June quarter. Can you guys give what Android did in both of those quarters in the mobile business?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So Android was in the March quarter flat on a sequential basis. So, in that call it on about $70 million range. But we do expect a sizable sequential bump up in the June quarter for Android.
Thomas O'Malley: Okay. And then I guess the second one is the broader one and that kind of encompasses the answer there. But when you're looking at what you think is pulled forward, obviously there's a new phone that's launching or that just launched here that's going to help you with some content. But obviously buying patterns are a bit different and Android traditionally isn't seasonally up in June. Can you guys try to parse out to the extent that you can, what you're seeing, what is a pull forward, what is better demand and how you guys are going about that internally to protect against potentially like stronger first half, weaker second half? Thank you.
Philip Brace: Yes, that's a good question. Look, we continue to monitor that care, you know, closely. I don't think, you know, order patterns now represent what we've seen historically and represent seasonality. And if you look at kind of our results, it was kind of in where we in the range or a little bit above the range where we started in January, which is before a lot of this turbulence. And so I would say that what we've seen is what pretty typical order patterns at this point. Obviously, we're trying to manage it closely and we're keeping a close eye on it, but that's the best we can say now. No evidence of anything other than what we'd expect to see seasonally at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar at Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Yes, hey, congratulations, Phil. Looking forward to working with you. Kris, I've worked with you multiple years. We'll certainly miss you and best of luck to you. So Phil, I wanted to ask you about follow up maybe on the new modem at this large customer and what that means to you. Typically, with that there comes a lot of shifting around of content and provides a lot of opportunity for people. So, I'd be curious how you view this content and maybe you could talk about what this means to you and what you might have won and what you think you can do with this. And I've got a follow up.
Philip Brace: Yes, so look, I think that we can't really get into those specifics per individual customer and segments and what happens really, it's not something we can do. But let me just comment just in general, why I think there's some tailwinds there and I would focus on probably what I would say is more secular long-term trends with respect to increased RF content as a result of things like more transmit, higher power requirements, lower battery requirements, new frequency bands and certainly any particular choice they have with baseband may result in some potential incremental content opportunities for us. But I think in general I would just focus on, I think that over time we're going to see increased RF content as the workloads demand it, as the RF complexity gets harder and the requirement to kind of manage power continues to be a key component. So I think in general, I think we do now clearly, we have to execute, we have to deliver the best parts, but I think we've got the canvas upon which we can draw a pretty good picture.
Harsh Kumar: That's it, thank you. That's it for me, thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Timothy Arcuri at UBS.
Unknown Analyst: Great, thank you. This is Jamal Cohen for Tim. Phil or Kris, I wanted to double click on the guidance specifically what changed versus 90 days ago, what segments you've seen improve, what got worse? And can you speak to that bump up in Android in the June quarter? What's driving that?
Philip Brace: Well, I mean I'll let Kris jump in here because he was in the park. I mean I don't think we necessarily guided two quarters ahead. So I think what we're doing now reflects our current view of the next quarter ahead. And I would say that in general, certainly on the mobile side we're seeing pretty typical order patterns, the Android segment up as a result of new product launches that we talked about. And in broad markets we're just seeing continued, you know, sequential year-over-year, you know, sequential growth and continued year over growth as I talked about. So I wouldn't say there's anything abnormal. And so mobile, I would say, is seasonal added on a product launch and in broad markets, it's kind of a continuation of the trend we've seen for the past few quarters.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then one quick one on pricing at your largest customer. Do you expect to see any sort of pricing pressures in the coming quarters, given the most recent tariffs?
Philip Brace: No, I'm obviously not going to comment on that. I'll just say it's a highly competitive market and we are expected to deliver the best performance parts at a very aggressive cost point. And that continues to be the game across the board in this industry. So, I don't think there's anything changed. And we have to deliver great parts at the right price.
Unknown Analyst: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next we'll go to Joe Moore at Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. In terms of your priorities for the business, you talked about growing the diversified part of the business. Can you talk about organic versus inorganic priorities there and just how you think about that? And do you think M&A is even sort of doable in the current environment?
Philip Brace: Yes. Hi, Joe. Nice to. Nice to talk to you again. Yes. look, when we look at overall strategies and certainly capital structure and capital allocation priorities, I think we have enough firepower to enable us to pursue a number of different options, both organic investments, and I talked about some of those. I mean, we clearly continue to invest in a level that allows us to sustain robust innovation road map that we have, and so I feel good and comfortable about that. And clearly, on the M&A front, I mean, there's a number of different things we can look at. I'm going to be really focused on making sure that's in our strategic priority. We can get the right value and focus on making sure that we can deliver value to shareholders as we look at that. I think with respect to the overall M&A environment, it's obviously a little complex right now. But I think that there's no shortage of things we can look at and it certainly is something I'll be spending some time on as CEO.
Joseph Moore: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Peng at JPMorgan.
Peter Peng: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. You guys talked about seeing seasonal trends on the wireless side for the March and June quarter. But then when you listen to the earnings call from your largest customer, they're clearly talking about some inventory build for some tariff mitigation. So I'm just wondering why there's this kind of discrepancy between what your end customers saying and between some of the suppliers we're seeing.
Kris Sennesael: So Peter, maybe I'll take a shot at that. As you know, there are it's a very complex supply chain, and there are multiple partners between us and the end customer. There are distributors, there are contract manufacturers. Each of them act a little bit as a buffer and have their own inventory dynamics. Again, if you look at the March quarter, we guided to $950 million, and we delivered $953 million. So we did not really see pull-ins or anything like that. And as we guide for the June quarter, we assume there's no pull-ins. And we have no clear evidence of that.
Peter Peng: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then just for the broad markets. You guys are back in the year-on-year growth for a number of quarters now. Can you maybe just talk about within that bucket which markets are showing here in your growth, which still has some work to do to get to a year-on-year growth trajectory?
Philip Brace: Yes, this is Phil. I'll take a crack at that. I mean, look, the strongest tailwind you have growth is WiFi 7, right? That's and I think that's in early days, and we're seeing -- that will be -- that should be a tailwind for us for a while. I think only a small percent of single-digit percentage of the units out there are WiFi 7. So I think we're in the early innings of that. So that's a strong one. Automotive is another good year-over-year growth comparisons, as I talked about. As more and more cars are being connected, independent of their combustion mechanism. And then I think the other area where we've got some more work to do, as I would say, is on the infrastructure side on that side. It's kind of inching along a little bit, but there's more ups and downs, and we'll be seeing some growth there, but that's probably the area where we've got some more growth that we need to see in the future.
Peter Peng: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Nick Doyle at Needham.
Nicholas Doyle: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions and welcome Phil and Mark. How big was a large customer in the quarter? And directionally, how is there a broad markets piece performing? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So the largest customer in the March quarter was approximately total revenue, and we've seen a split between mobile and broad markets in line with historical trends there, roughly 85%, ends up in mobile and roughly 15% or maybe a tad more in broad markets and we expect that to continue in the next couple of quarters.
Nicholas Doyle: Thank you. And then for the gross margins, they're kind of holding steady above this $45 million percent level now, even with revenue dropping down a little bit next quarter. I guess how are you able to hold these above 45% even as we kind of -- the utilization levels remain a little bit lower? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Well, if you look at the June quarter, you have mobile being down sequentially and broad markets being up sequentially. And so you have a continuous benefit there from a mix point of view, as I said before, even within broad markets, we see some mix shift that is favorable for gross margins, and that's why we're comfortable to guide to this 46%, 47% range for the June quarter.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Vivek Arya at Bank of America.
Unknown Analyst: Hi, this is Liam Farr on for Vivek. Thank you so much for taking our questions. Just looking at the Android market. You've been pretty selective on pulling back somewhat in some parts of the Android ecosystem. As AI and RF complexity arises, how do you think about reengaging more deeply with Android OEMs to capture more incremental content? Or are you just kind of remaining to focus -- keeping focus on that high-end tier of the Android ecosystem? Thank you.
Philip Brace: Yes, look, I guess what I would say is, I mean, we're certainly always open to working with customers where we can deliver value and get to value the performance and the solutions that we provide in an economic that's economically viable for us. And so to the extent that there's trends that lend itself to that favor, then we're going to be trying to take advantage of that. But I think we're just -- we're taking an economic ROI-based view of where we do. We've got -- the opportunity cost for engineers is really high. A lot of these solutions are highly complex, highly engineered and tightly integrated. And frankly, we look for environments where we can deliver the value to the customer and frankly, get paid and return ourselves. And so we'll continue to look for those solutions.
Unknown Analyst: Thank you. And then just a quick follow up on your largest customer. Looking ahead at 2026 models and 2027, how are you too the time line of engagement with that customer? When should investors be looking to hear from that? And how are you kind of betting up to hedge against any more jump balls that are split?
Philip Brace: Well, I mean, it's -- obviously, I can't comment on specific things like that, but let's just say this, we have been engaging deeply with that particular customer, but all our customers in general, but that went for a long, long time. And so there's a typical investment design cycle that happens year in and year out. And frankly, in many cases, you're continuing to invest ahead of the curve to develop technologies that can go there. And you work and you're self-critical along the way, to use a sports analogy, you're looking at game film. You're trying to understand what you did, what you didn't do better. You're doing competitive analysis, you're trying to look at the limit of what's possible with the physics you're developing new technology, and you're putting all those things together and you're delivering a part and that gets benchmarked to get other parts competitively. If you do a good job, you win, and that's what we're trying to do. I really don't think there's any change in dynamic. And I think with respect to insulating what we can do, I think that frankly, the best insulation is continuing to execute and execute cleanly. That customer is a very demanding customer and requires a lot of focus on it. And -- but it's such a big customer that you can't necessarily take your foot off the gas, you have to keep pedal to metal all year one, and that's what we need to do.
Unknown Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's question and answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Brace for any closing comments.
Philip Brace: Great. Thank you. Thank you for participating in today's call. I look forward to speaking with you at upcoming investments during the quarter and we'll talk soon.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time I will turn the call over to Raji Gill, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Gill, please go ahead.
Raji Gill : Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Skyworks’ first fiscal quarter 2025 conference call. With me today for our prepared remarks is Liam Griffin, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. Following the conclusion of the prepared remarks, Kris will be available for Q&A. This call is being broadcast over the web and can be accessed from the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at skyworksinc.com. In addition, the company’s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after the conclusion during the call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are, or may be, considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the investor relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Raji, and welcome, everyone. Before we get into the details of the results, I want to address the succession planning we announced today. After an incredible 20-plus years at Skyworks, with the last nine as President and CEO, I will be stepping down. Skyworks has chosen Philip Brace, as our next President and CEO. He will join the Company on February 17, at which point I will shift to an advisory role for a few months to help ensure a smooth transition. Today we also announced that Christine King, who has been our Skyworks’ Lead Independent Director, has been appointed Chairman of the Board. She is an excellent choice. Phil’s appointment follows a robust succession planning process by the Skyworks Board. Phil is an accomplished technology executive who has served as President and CEO of Sierra Wireless from 2021 to 2023. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Blackberry, Lantronix and Inseego. He brings a deep knowledge of the technology industry and extensive experience in scaling and leading successful businesses. I want to offer my sincerest congratulations to Phil on his appointment and am excited for you to meet him. I look forward to watching Skyworks’ business prosper under his leadership through continued innovation, ingenuity and hard work. Let’s now move into a discussion of Skyworks’ first fiscal quarter of 2025. Skyworks began the new fiscal year with solid results. We posted revenue of $1.068 billion. We delivered earnings per share of $1.60, and generated free cash flow of $338 million. Revenue, gross margin and EPS met or exceeded the mid-point of our guidance. In Mobile, our revenue grew 6% sequentially, as we successfully supported multiple product launches across our top mobile customers. The global adoption of generative AI on smartphones is still in its nascent stage. We anticipate this to be a multiyear trend that will catalyze smartphone upgrades and increase the complexity and requirements for RF solutions. In Broad Markets, we have experienced modest growth for four consecutive quarters. We anticipate further growth as demand signals and backlog improve. In certain segments, supply and demand dynamics are in equilibrium, and channel inventories have normalized. Meanwhile, industrial and infrastructure remain subdued due to persistent inventory challenges. Overall, we are encouraged by the recent momentum in Broad Markets and are energized about new product cycles in automotive electrification, edge IoT and AI data center, fueling long-term growth. In edge IoT, we are observing higher levels of intelligence and combined with more nodes being added to the edge of the network, driving higher levels of RF complexity. Artificial intelligence and machine learning increases the range of functionality, running models like voice and computer vision. RF connectivity is the conduit for secure, robust and lower power AI applications. Moreover, the adoption of Wi-Fi 6e and 7 systems, by customers is contributing to the improvement in demand. These systems, characterized by enhanced complexity and utilization of additional bands, enable transmission of higher value content. We are currently in the emerging stages of a multi-year upgrade cycle, with Wi-Fi 7 shipments experiencing a ramp-up. We are seeing growth in wireless gaming, wireless home audio and wireless headsets where customers are adopting Skyworks’ connectivity and audio technology. In Automotive, we returned to year-over-year growth, despite a soft demand environment, as design wins in the connected car, onboard charging and infotainment are gradually converting into revenue. Specifically, we expect our RF content per vehicle to grow, driven by, 5G cellular, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and V2X Lastly, the industrial segments remain a headwind as we continue to undership demand. Turning to our quarterly business highlights. We secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones including, Samsung Galaxy, Xiaomi, Asus, and several others. We supported Gemtek’s launch of the first AI router with voice-enabled AI-powered healthcare service. We enabled Asus’s award-winning quad-band Wi-Fi 7 gaming routers and expanded our design win pipeline in automotive with cellular connectivity and power management solutions. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter’s performance and our outlook for Q2 of fiscal ‘25.
Kris Sennesael : Thanks Liam. Skyworks’ revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2025 was $1.068 billion, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile revenue was 67% of total revenue and increased 6% sequentially, as we successfully supported multiple product launches. Broad Markets was up slightly sequentially and returned to year-over-year growth at 2%. Q1 fiscal ‘25 marked the fourth consecutive quarter of modest sequential growth since the Q1 fiscal ‘24 bottom, despite a muted demand environment and ongoing inventory digestion across selective end-markets. Gross profit was $497 million, with gross margin at 46.5%, in-line with expectations. Also, during Q1, we further decreased our internal inventory slightly below $700 million, resulting in eight consecutive quarters of reductions. Operating expenses were $212 million, reflecting our strategic investments in our technology and product roadmaps. We delivered $285 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 27%. We generated $9 million of other income, and our effective tax rate was 12.2%, driving net income of $258 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.60, $0.03 above our guidance. For the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we demonstrated robust cash generation, with operating cash flow of $377 million, capital expenditures of $39 million, and a free cash flow of $338 million, representing a 32% free cash flow margin. During fiscal Q1, we distributed $112 million in dividends. Our cash and investment balance increased to approximately $1.75 billion, while we maintain a debt level of $1 billion, providing us with ample financial flexibility. Now, let’s move on to our outlook for Q2 of fiscal 2025. We anticipate revenue of $935 million to $965 million. We expect our mobile business to decline mid-to-high teens sequentially, in-line with historical seasonality. In broad markets, we anticipate additional sequential growth, and a further improvement in year-over-year growth. We are seeing positive momentum in booking trends, backlog and sell through patterns across Broad Markets. However, inventory headwinds remain acute in industrial and infrastructure. Gross margin is projected between 45.5% and 46.0%, which is seasonally adjusted for lower sales volume. We anticipate operating expenses in the range of $220 million to $228 million, utilizing our robust cash flow generation to invest in technology and product roadmaps. The sequential increase is mostly driven by a reset of the social charges at the beginning of the calendar year, as well as an increase in R&D project expenses. Below the line, we anticipate $6 million in other income, an effective tax rate of 12% to 12.5%, and a diluted share count of approximately 158.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the mid-point of the revenue range of $950 million, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.20. Finally, our board of directors has approved a new $2 billion stock repurchase program as part of our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Before moving into Q&A, I want to briefly reflect on our business and address our strategic partnership with our largest customer. Over the past 25 years, we have built a strong technology company, a leader in RF connectivity for mobile solutions, and expanded those RF capabilities with analog and mixed signal expertise, in our growing broad markets business. And over the last 18 years, we have benefitted from a truly collaborative partnership with our largest customer, who has constantly pushed us to develop innovative, high performance and highly integrated RF solutions. We have partnered with that customer since the launch of their first phone, which has resulted in significant content and revenue growth over the years. However, the last couple years have been challenging as the competitive landscape has intensified. As it relates to the upcoming phone cycle, expected to be launched in the fall of 2025, the Skyworks team developed a suite of high-performance RF solutions. Despite our rich product offering, we did not get the result that we targeted. Although we were able to secure multiple sockets, including several highly integrated RF modules, our content position is expected to be down 20% to 25%. This decline will start impacting our revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘25, and throughout fiscal ‘26. While we are disappointed with this outcome, we remain steadfast in our commitment to invest and innovate around our technology roadmaps. We have already started the development of a new suite of solutions for the next generation phone, with an expanding set of products, and addressing more opportunities than ever before. In addition, we will continue to pursue growth opportunities with our other mobile customers, although on a selective basis, focusing on those segments of the market that demand high performance RF. And, we will continue to drive our diversification strategy, supported by multiple secular growth trends in broad markets. We expect those opportunities to partially offset the revenue decline at the large customer in fiscal ‘26 and position us for growth in fiscal ‘27. Now let me hand it back to Liam for some final remarks.
Liam Griffin : To wrap it up, I would like to thank all of our Skyworks’ employees and stakeholders for their support during the last 25 years, it has truly been a privilege and the highlight of my career to lead this company. I strongly believe the Skyworks team, with support of our board of directors, and under new leadership, will execute on the strategic path of profitable growth. I will turn it over to Kris now, who will be taking Q&A this quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Operator, let’s open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Now first question coming from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is now open.
Edward Snyder : Thanks very much. First off, Liam, I guess, congratulations on retiring. I am going to miss you. You did a phenomenal job. Always appreciate how frank and straightforward you've been on everything, and I think you did a bang-up job. So I'd see you go. Hope things are better when you're off on the sunset or whatever you're going to want to be doing. As for Apple or your largest customer, I know it sounds like the new competition is in one of your largest modules. And I know you guys are making a big push towards that in the fall. And there is a whole another round of this coming up in the year out. First off, I'd like to get a feel for if you think it is a target you can hit given how -- which that part is in BAW filters. And secondarily, you guys are probably one of the most favored suppliers to your largest customer. There's a lot of other parts on this version, and what’s going to be the next couple of versions that will change over the years. Maybe you could help characterize what the content opportunity is in other areas. I don't necessarily involve a lot of BAW filters. But maybe more on the WiFi side of the section, the ultra-high band that sort of thing. So maybe you can give us an idea of what you think the landscape looks like in the next couple of years.
Kris Sennesael : Yes, this is Kris here. And so thanks for your question and your remarks. As you know, I can't really go into too much specifics, as it relates to our largest customer and go into specifics on specific sockets or certain design wins. But having said that, right, I think we have a long partnership relation with that customer. We developed really high performance RF solutions. And unfortunately, we didn't really get what we targeted. And a part of that is most of the sockets that we targeted, we actually were able to keep but instead of being single sourced on one particular socket, it's being dual sourced. And that's a little bit of a setback. Having said that, we are already working on the next generation phone that is expected to be launched in the fall of 2026. We actually have been working for many months on that. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we are expanding our reach. We are developing more parts than ever before, targeting more opportunities than ever before. And we collaborate very strongly with our customer on that. And we want to continue to support our customer in their baseband transition, and that's what we need to do.
Edward Snyder : Okay. If I could, I'm sorry for the interruption. Yes, so you are sharing a socket that you may not have shared last year. Is that what you're saying?
Kris Sennesael : That is correct.
Edward Snyder : Okay. So actually, then you are competitive in that. I thought -- I'm sorry, the way we be characterizing it and I thought you didn't qualify at all. So actually, you are competitive for that socket, and now it's going into be horse trading from here on now, right? You didn't lose the whole thing?
Kris Sennesael : That is absolutely correct. Again, we have been investing for many years in our technology and product road maps. We've been investing in our filter technology, both [PC SAW] (ph) and BAW. And as I said many times before, I do believe we are at the gold standard. Our BAW filters are as good as anybody else. Now you still need to develop a product and get to the best performance. And in many cases, we do get to the best performance, but as you indicated as well, the competition has intensified. It used to be -- there are on or about five major RF players and we used to swim in our own swim lanes. But more recently -- including Skyworks, right? We are reaching out and we cross swimlines. And so the competition has intensified, but we’re stepping up. We are developing more products. We keep expanding our technology and improving our technology. And the customer is asking, the customers are demanding and asking for better and higher RF products, in part because, as you all know, they are bringing AI capabilities to the phone, which is increasing the technological burden inside the phone. They're asking for smaller footprint, lower power consumption, lower latency and higher throughput and overall higher performance and we are stepping up. We are -- we demonstrated that our technology and products can do it. Unfortunately, right, we didn't get a single source, we were dual sourced on one important part.
Edward Snyder: Great. Thanks Kris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Christopher Rolland : Hi, thanks for the question. And congrats to Liam and Phil. Yes, just a little more clarity on the down [‘20 to ‘25] (ph). So it sounds like you're sharing a socket instead of sole sourced. I'm assuming that would be the rumor. So you've been hearing about diversity receive. I don't know if that would fully account for the '20 to '25. And the other question is the lost sockets to Qualcomm. Would you take those back? And then, sorry, the last question here is, is this for all phones coming in the fall? Or is this just for the ones with the new modem. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So the content loss is really a result of the share loss. That accounts for all of it because we actually, in certain sockets, we have been able to win back slots that we lost that we talked about nine months ago. So we've been executing well there. We've been gaining content. But unfortunately, on an existing slot, we lost share as we move from single source to dual source. And so I assume that answers your question.
Christopher Rolland : Yes, I did, except just the follow-ups to that or any update on the Qualcomm socket and getting that back that you lost? And then is this just for all the phones or just the phones with the new modem?
Kris Sennesael : Right. So again, I can't really go into the specifics, but we've indicated that it is unlikely or impossible that we win back those sockets, as it relates to the Qualcomm modem, but we've done well as it relates to the internal model. And maybe last point, we -- so we indicated a range of 20% to 25%. The reason of that is because we are dual sourced. And so the final results will still depend on the mix. And the mix, of course, you have to think about new product versus legacy product and also the mix within the new product between different basebands, as well as within a certain baseband, the mix between certain SKUs that are lined up. And so a lot of it will depend on where the demand will materialize and how that all plays out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman : Yes, thank you gentlemen. I wanted to -- I was hoping you could clarify whether you're able to repurpose some of the RF designs that you've spent so much time on within R&D for some of these new content wins within 5G Android and Samsung. And then secondarily, while the content in iOS devices, at least in the handsets is not what you targeted, I was hoping you could discuss your dollar content opportunities you see across the consumer electronic markets such as watches, tablets and PCs over the coming quarters? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Right. So I mean, we developed technology for our mobile business that of course, can be deployed at a large customer and within Android with Google, Samsung and China and some of that actually does spill over into our broad markets as well. So that is the technology building blocks. As it relates to the product development for certain products for our large customer, obviously, they are proprietary for our large customer. And there, again most of the developments we did are resulting in revenue, unfortunately, not in a single source position but in a dual-source position. And typically of course, what we learn from the large customer, the technology and the expertise that we learn, we can leverage that and develop in the Android market. The Android market, as you probably know, and we've talked about that before, we are going to remain selective. We focus on the high-end of the market where the demand high-performance RF. And we believe that we are well-positioned to grow that part of the business going forward. As it relates your second part of the question, as you probably know, we have substantial revenue with a large customer, roughly 85% of that revenue is related to the phone and approximately 15% of that is related to all their other products that they bring to market, the watch, the tablet, the PC, the home port, the vision product and so on. And in that part of the business, we continue to do well in terms of design wins. And we do expect this year and next year, that part of the business will continue to grow.
Karl Ackerman: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari : Hi, thank you so much for taking the question. I just had one question for you, Kris. Given the content dynamics of the largest customer, I'm curious if you plan on making any permanent changes to the manufacturing footprint of the company and how to think about gross margins going forward as part of that. And then similarly for OpEx, I know you are guiding OpEx to grow in the near-term, but any intent or any plans to adjust to the new backdrop, if you will? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. No, that's a series of good questions there, and I will try to address them one by one. First of all, as it relates to CapEx, we are currently operating the business with a lot less capital intensity. As you probably know, we have underutilization in our factories, and so we didn't have any capacity expansion CapEx in our plans. And obviously, now that we recently learned about the down selection for the upcoming phone, we do not have to add or subtract any of the CapEx. So the CapEx plan will remain on or about the same. As it relates to manufacturing footprint, we do not plan to make changes there. But of course, independent of what just recently happened, we will always continue to evaluate our overall manufacturing footprint and make the necessary adjustments if and where we can. As it relates to the gross margin, I've talked before about gross margin, and there is basically three major drivers for gross margin improvement. First is revenue growth that translate into better factory utilization. Second, its operational efficiencies and cost reductions in our internal factories as well as throughout the supply chain and working with our suppliers. And then thirdly, it's a mixed tailwind as broke markets grows faster than mobile and broke markets has above average gross margin. Obviously, here with the latest information revenue growth is going to be challenged. And so we are going to remain with underutilization in our factories for a little bit longer then we initially anticipated. And so that is not going to help in gross margin improvement. But of course, we are going to continue and actually double down on trying to find operational efficiencies in our factories as we deal with this situation. And thirdly, the gross margin tailwind from broad markets is actually going to blow stronger as broad markets is going to become a bigger part of the overall business. And then maybe last on operating expenses we will of course, continue to manage our operating expenses like we've always have done at Skyworks. We run a very tight ship here. But we have already, as I indicated also, we've already started for many months, the development of new products, a whole new suite of products in support of our large customer more products than ever before, right, addressing more opportunities than ever before. And obviously, we are going to continue with those developments that position us well to capture more content in the next-generation form that's expected to be launched in 2026. In addition to that, and we've talked a little bit about that in the prepared remarks. Our broad markets business is back to year-over-year growth. We expect that year-over-year growth to accelerate and improve over time and we see plenty of growth opportunities based on secular growth engines. And of course, we need to continue to invest into the growth of our broad markets as well. Having said all of that, we understand that the setback on revenue will require a deep dive, and we will, as a management team, continue to look at every opportunity to limit the OpEx spending. Obviously, there will be an adjustment to the variable compensation as we will not hit the targets that we set for ourselves and we will continue to look at any opportunity to further decrease or discretionary spending.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from the line of Peter Peng with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Peter Peng : Hi, thanks for taking my question. I think just bigger picture. I think for like two years in a row, you've lost some content not because of your technology positioning, but your relationship. How are you thinking about your relationship with that customer longer term? And does this kind of put you into a more diversification – [saw your] (ph) diversification strategy even faster?
Kris Sennesael : No, we are not changing the strategy here. I mean, again, we've been working with that customer for 18 years. We've built a very strong relationship. That relationship remains intact. Obviously, the last couple of years has been challenging, right, in part because the competition has been intensifying in part because of the multiyear baseband or modem transition, which has created some turbulence amongst the RF players. But we continue to collaborate very strongly with that customer. And as I said before, we are developing more parts than ever before addressing more opportunities than ever before, in part because we've been asked by that customer to go do that. And so we definitely will continue that relationship. Having said that, [diversification] (ph) and focusing on broad markets has always been part of the strategy, and that will of course, remain the case. We like our broad markets business -- it's a very diverse business addressing multiple end markets from consumer to enterprise, to infrastructure, networking and cloud and industrial and automotive markets. We have some key technologies and product offerings in those markets with strong customer relationships and of course, we will continue to invest in that market and drive growth. As I said before, we think our broad markets business should be growing double-digits, more than 10% year-over-year, and that's the target, and we will continue to invest and support that business.
Peter Peng : Got it. And then on the Android space, what was the revenue number for the quarter? I think last quarter it was somewhere in that $75 million. Do you think that we are at a stable level and we can grow from those levels?
Kris Sennesael: That is correct. It was in December quarter, flat sequentially. And as you know, the Android segment is Google, Samsung and China there is seasonality in that business. And sometimes it is offsetting seasonality, but there is definitely seasonality in that business as well. We continue to have a strong relationship with Google. We have already won substantial design wins for the -- for next year and the year after. And so I think we are well-positioned there. And then as well, as it relates to Samsung and China, we will remain selective. But there is design win momentum that starts turning into revenue. And we do believe that we can grow our Android business, as a whole this year and the year after and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line up Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. This is [indiscernible] on for Tim. Thanks for taking our question. And Kris, maybe just first on your largest customer. I was hoping you could speak to competitive dynamics there in the sense and more specifically, do you see this dual-sourcing strategy potentially reverse in future bonds?
Kris Sennesael : So at a large customer, you win because you have the best performance parts. That's the rule. And so if there is only one supplier, obviously, that supply will win the business. If there are two or more suppliers, but one supplier has a substantially better part than anybody else, that supplier can get all the business, if there are two or three suppliers, and they are tight in terms of performance, the customer could decide to do outsource that, especially on the larger, more expensive parts. And I think that's a reality and we have to acknowledge that and face that. And so it's up to us and the team to, again continue to strengthen our technology road maps to develop high-performance parts and sockets that are better than our competitors. We -- again, we have the teams in place. We have the R&D resources and the strength and the capabilities in place but we need to focus on execution and get those best performance parts in front of our customer. Again, in the one particular socket that is causing some pain here, we developed a really high-performance part that is as good as our competitors part. But it wasn't necessarily much better. As a result of that, the customer decided to dual source it.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Very helpful. And then maybe just a housekeeping item. If you could just tell us what the percentage of your largest customer was this quarter? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. In the December quarter, the largest customer was 72% of total revenue, which was up 9% sequentially, as we supported that customer with the ramp of their current phone. Also, again, I want to reiterate that, right, that revenue with a large customer is not just on the phone, roughly 85%. It fluctuates a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, but roughly 85% of that revenue is related to the phone. The other 15% is related to all other products that, that customer has out in the market.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Liam Pharr: Hi. This is Liam Pharr on behalf of Vivek Arya. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to focus on China. With the competitor sort of exiting that market, what is your longer-term strategy for China? And if you could how do you expect tariffs to come into play to the inventory in the overall market? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Right. So with China and Samsung, we are remaining selective. We have a long-standing relationship with those customers, but many years ago, we've decided not to compete for their mid or low end of their products, but we compete for sockets with them and the high end of the market. That's where they need us or our competitors, right? That's what they need high-performance RF, and we see opportunities there. As I said before, we are getting some design win momentum that is starting to ramp up in revenue, and we will continue to do that on a selective basis.
Liam Pharr: Thank you. And just as a follow-up, looking forward to June, how are you looking at seasonality and how you are seeing it kind of shape out in its first half. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So we only guide one quarter at a time, but I don't see anything different right now than normal seasonality in our business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Kris Sankar with TD Cowen.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. This is Eddie for Kris. Thanks for taking my question. It sounds like your competitor has improved the performance of their product meaningfully this year, which pushed your main customer to dual source. But I wonder if you can quantify where the performance gap stands today between your product and that competitor's product? And how that compares to last year? And I wonder if you can share any metrics or technical specifications that we can follow that would give us an idea how that gap is developing going forward between you guys and your main tier. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Right. So again, we can't really go into the specifics at that detailed level as it relates to our large customer. And performance is being measured on 5 or 10 different parameters and so this would become a very technical discussion. But I want to go back to the beginning of your question, it's not that our competitor improved a lot their performance of their part. That competitor in the past has not competed for that product, and it was the first year that, that competitor competed for that product. And so that's the dynamic there.
Unidentified Analyst : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Nick Doyle with Needham. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Doyle : Thanks for taking my questions. Broad markets should see improving growth next quarter, and it sounds like that's driven by the large customer and WiFi, where inventory is more aligned, do you have any indication of how long inventory headwinds will slow the industrial and infrastructure piece? When can it reach that double-digit growth year-over-year that you discussed? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. That's a very good question. But unfortunately, visibility is not that great. I mean, I'm listening to all my peers and competitors that have huge exposure to industrial and infrastructure markets there as well. And it seemed -- we all struggle a little bit with lack of visibility there. And part of that is because there is persistent excess inventory at the customer level where we don't really have good visibility. But now the inventory and the distribution channel is clean has been cleared out, but there is still inventory at the customer level. Again, for Skyworks, that is not the biggest part of our broad markets, right? We're a much bigger player in our connected IoT devices, which is roughly 40% to 45% of the business. Our automotive business, which is roughly 20-or-so percent of our broad markets business. And so we have less exposure on some of those markets where there is still, unfortunately some persistent inventory correction.
Nicholas Doyle : Thank you. And can you expand on the socket or anything around the type of 5G premium Android content that you won? Maybe how big is the combined opportunity, any timing? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Sorry, the 5G, can you repeat that?
Nicholas Doyle : Yes, the kind of the first point in your press release talked about a 5G premium Android content win.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. Well, I mean, again, we've -- in Android, we continue to be selective we have design wins, including with Samsung in the Galaxy and as well as many of their other products and that will continue going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Sennesael for any closing comments.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. I would like to thank everybody for your participation at today's call, and I'm looking forward to talk to you together with Raji and Phil at upcoming investor meetings. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-11-12 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Raji Gill, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Gill, please go ahead.
Raji Gill: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Skyworks fourth fiscal quarter 2024 conference call. With me today is Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed from the Investor Relations section of the company's website at skyworksinc.com. In addition, the company's prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Raji and welcome, everyone. Skyworks executed well during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024. We posted revenue of $1.025 billion. We delivered earnings per share of $1.55 and generated free cash flow of $393 million. Revenue, gross margin and EPS met or exceeded the mid-point of our guidance. Our business model continues to deliver robust cash generation. For the second year in a row, annual free cash flow was well above $1.6 billion, providing a strong foundation to invest in our technology and product roadmaps to support future growth. In mobile, our revenue grew 21% sequentially, and we expect further growth in the December quarter, as customer orders and channel inventory have normalized, and we continue to support seasonal product ramps. Based on our technology leadership position and in close collaboration with our mobile customers, we expand our reach, developed best-in-class high-performance connectivity solutions, and drive more integration with advanced packaging, reducing the footprint and increasing energy efficiency. We believe that AI is poised to ignite a transformative smartphone upgrade cycle, propelling the demand for higher levels of RF complexity. As AI capabilities continue to advance, smartphones will evolve into more sophisticated and intelligent companions, demanding more powerful solutions to support their enhanced functionalities. We are in the early stages of this multi-year trend and Skyworks is well-positioned to capitalize on it. In broad markets, we have seen signs of stabilization and have grown modestly since the bottom in the December quarter of 2023, despite uneven demand dynamics and high customer inventory in certain segments. Long-term, we remain bullish on broad markets given secular trends in edge IoT, automotive electrification and advanced safety systems, as well as AI-enabled workloads driving cloud and data center upgrades. In edge IoT, demand continues to improve as customers adopt Wi-Fi 6E and 7 systems, which carry higher dollar content due to increasing complexity and additional bands. We are in the early stages of a multi-year upgrade cycle with Wi-Fi 7 shipments now ramping. As we indicated, at the beginning of the year, inventory levels in traditional data center and wireless infrastructure remain stubbornly elevated, which is delaying the recovery. We continue to undership natural demand. However, over the medium to-long-term, we remain bullish on our product roadmap and design win funnel targeting AI data centers. Lastly, global demand remains muted in automotive and industrial markets, as Tier 1s and OEMs work down excess inventory. Despite near-term headwinds, we continue to convert design wins into revenue across our connectivity, power isolation, and digital broadcast solutions for the connected car and EV markets. Turning to our quarterly business highlights, we secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones including Google Pixel 9, Samsung Galaxy, Oppo OnePlus and several others. We expanded our Wi-Fi 7 design win pipeline with Linksys, Charter, NETGEAR, Commscope and TP-Link. For emerging IoT applications, we powered advanced audio solutions for wireless gaming and clinical-grade hearing aids. Lastly, we increased our design win momentum in automotive including 5G front-end modules, infotainment and digital isolators. In summary, the Skyworks team executed well despite a challenging macroeconomic climate. We intend to leverage our robust cash generation to make critical investments that drive long-term profitable growth while diversifying the overall business. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter’s performance and our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2025.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks Liam. Skyworks’ revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.025 billion, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 65% of total revenue, up 21% sequentially, as we successfully supported the ramp of new products at our mobile customers. Broad markets were approximately 35% of total revenue, up $1 million sequentially. Gross profit was $476 million, with gross margin at 46.5%, in line with expectations. Gross margin grew 50 bps sequentially, reflecting our ongoing cost reduction actions. Also, during Q4, we further reduced our internal inventory, resulting in seven consecutive quarters of reductions. Operating expenses were $203 million, reflecting our strategic investments in our technology and product roadmaps. We delivered $273 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 27%. We incurred $2 million of other expenses, and our effective tax rate was 8%, driving net income of $250 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.55, which is three cents above our guidance During the fourth fiscal quarter, we delivered impressive cash generation, with cash flow from operations at $476 million, capital expenditures at $83 million, resulting in a free cash flow of $393 million or 38% free cash flow margin. For fiscal 2024, we generated well over $1.6 billion of free cash flow, our second year in a row and ended the year with a record 40% free cash flow margin, translating into approximately $10.40 of free cash flow per share and a free cash flow yield of approximately 11.5%. We continue to drive robust cash flow through steady levels of profitability, prudent working capital management and moderating CapEx intensity. During fiscal Q4, we paid $112 million in dividends. Cash and investments grew to approximately $1.6 billion, and we have $1 billion in debt, providing us with excellent optionality. Now, let’s move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2025. We anticipate revenue of $1.05 billion to $1.08 billion, up 4% sequentially at the mid-point. We expect our mobile business to be up mid-single-digits sequentially driven by seasonal product ramps. In broad markets, we anticipate further modest sequential growth, and a return to year-over-year growth. The pace of the recovery is more measured than we anticipated, given excess inventory in select segments, like industrial, automotive, infrastructure and networking. Gross margin is projected to be 46% to 47%, and we expect operating expenses in the range of $209 million to $215 million with sequential increases reflecting typical adjustments made at the start of a new fiscal year, including variable compensation accruals. In addition, we are leveraging our strong cash flow generation to invest in technology and product roadmaps to drive share and increase diversification. Below the line, we anticipate $3 million in other income, an effective tax rate of 12.5%, and a diluted share count of approximately 160 million shares. Accordingly, at the mid-point of the revenue range of $1.065 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.57. Operator, let’s open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Peter Peng with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Peter Peng: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. And good job on the execution. Can you, on your mobile business, can you talk about your Android portion of it and what kind of trends are you seeing? I think your peers talk about some weaknesses there. So I know this is a smart grid business that any can collaborate what you are seeing in the Android part of this business?
Liam Griffin: Sure absolutely. We have a very robust pipeline with the Android players, specifically Google. They’ve been doing a great, great job and also Samsung. So we have incredible design wins there. Fortunately, they are investing in technology, the performance that we are seeing in those devices have been amazing for us. It’s a great natural Skyworks to get some opportunity really to demonstrate our technology reach, our scale and also moving into a diversified portfolio, as well. So we are doing very well as a business and we expect much more in that company.
Kris Sennesael: Right, and then, Peter just to level set, right our android revenue in more than $1 billion of revenue, we just did last quarter is less than $75 million of revenue in the quarter. Roughly, less than $75 million of revenue in the quarter, roughly half of that is with Google, 30%, 40% or so is with Samsung and less than 10% is with the China players. So, we definitely have derisked our position with China. We’ve talked about that before. We are very selective as it relates to that part of the android business with Samsung in China. We all playing with those valued customers, but only in the areas where they value what we bring to the table, which is high performance RF connectivity. That plays out really well with Google. Google is making a lot of investments in their product roadmap who are switching the AI-enabled phones, that drives a lot more complexity inside the phones and that's all music to our ears and that’s why we have a strong relationship with them.
Peter Peng: Perfect. Thank you. And then, on the broad market could see you guys, driving, I think for the December quarter, that'll be probably your fourth quarter of sequential growth. I know there's a lot of puts and takes in that business, but as we kind of look into 2025, can you talk about the sustainability of this recovery? Or do you think that there's going to be some seasonality that might impact growth into 2025?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. And so, you you're absolutely right. Our broad markets business bottomed in the December quarter of 2023 and we had now three quarters in a row of modest sequential growth. We are guiding to further modest sequential growth in the December quarter and a return to year-over-year growth again, somewhat in the mid-single-digits year-over-year growth in our broad markets business. We do anticipate that at a certain point, the sequential growth is going to accelerate. But we have not really seen that for now. And we all know why that is. There is still some excess inventory in certain markets like, automotive industrial infrastructure and networking. We are undershipping natural demand. But if actually that’s going to clear and eventually our growth is going to accelerate. We are very well aligned with some secular growth engines in our broad markets, as we talked about in the prepared remarks Edge, IoT devices where we see an upgrade from Wi-Fi part 6. Wi-Fi 6, 7 in automotive with Advanced Safety systems and electrification and as well, in AI data centers and networking where we play with our timing solutions. And so, when I put this all together we still believe that in the longer term, in a neutral microeconomic environment, our broad markets business can grow mid-teens year-over-year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is now open.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Maybe if we touch on guys, obviously, with what's going on with your largest customers called kind of a little bit about, temporary up [Indiscernible]. What’s you're feeling in terms of 2025 now for specific guidance all that, but it's already clear from what you're down that there's some content changes in the last flagship phone and when we can gather there's going to be some additional changes. There's a lot of things moving - a lot of moving pieces, here. What's your view of - let me put it this way, the long term say 2025 to 2026 in terms of your ability to getting back content And then when they make a big shift, and then perhaps go up from there, I know we've talked about AI in the past about its impacts on the RFID, given the roadmap suffer three years, what are you seeing in terms of generic content growth in that kind of flagship of front-end from AI? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Liam Griffin : Okay. Okay. I'll unpack that with you here. I mean, certainly, there's tremendous opportunity for us to continue to grow in mobile. We got an incredible technology bench with a scale. We have the physical plant and we have the flexibility to do what our customers need and I'm sure as, you know, we have a very good partnership with our largest customer. So that back and forth is always going. But going our way. We’ve got great people on both sides and make it work. And we expect to have more growth. Certainly, we had a last couple of quarters – are great but we are popping up now. If we look at the roadmap that we're putting forward, it’s very, very potent, and we definitely have the team to make that execution done. It’s got to take a little time, of course, but we have the scale, we have the people. We have the ambition to make it happen. And most importantly, we have the confidence of our most important customer.
Edward Snyder: Okay, maybe if I could follow-up first housekeeping. What was the percentage of your live discussion we are in the second, are you been a representative to Samsung for a while and again stands are shifting there in terms of as we - what's the prospect for that in the next, let's say year or so in terms of it becoming a larger customer for you, given that I think their more open slots available to you. Are you seeing good design traction in spring or fall or at the beginning of any occasion of that at all right now? Thanks
Kris Sennesael: So, in the September quarter our largest customer was approximately 69% of our total revenue, which was up 21% sequentially. So the team really executed well supporting our largest customer ramping up their new products. And I’ll turn it over to Liam for the rest of your question.
Liam Griffin : Yeah, sure. I mean, as we spoke this, just tremendous opportunity there. We are diving much deeper in some of those platforms. So, and I would say the technology pipeline that we have at Skyworks and the investments that we’ve been making are really going to yield opportunities for us in growth. So that's kind of what we're looking at right now. There's a lot of opportunity we're executing our engineers are making incredible progress on the next generation solutions. There is a lot more going, as you get into the AI world. And you can expect that Skyworks is right there ready to go where under the hood so to speak with some really incredible people on our side and with our partners. So should we look forward to that. That work is being done now. And we look forward to putting that into products very shortly.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is now open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Kris, can you talk about what's included for the largest customer for December? It seems like you did see some pull-ins in the September, just like most others did. It was a little higher than what I think you thought it would be. Usually that customer is about flat in December, but maybe it's down a smidge because of the Helene. Can you can you kind of talk about that?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, first of all, the – we can’t really go into the specifics as it relates with our large customer, but I can tell you that the business and the demand is fully in line with our expectations. So we didn't see any surprises in September. Didn’t see any – or don't expect any surprise in December that the demand is in line with our expectations and so as I just answered the question before that the large customer was up 21% sequentially in the September quarter and we expect it to be up further in the December quarter in the 5% to 10% range on a sequential basis.
Timothy Arcuri: Great, great, Kris. Thanks. And then, I noticed that the repo was quite low despite the strong free cash flow, I might have thought it would have been a little stronger. Can you kind of talk?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So first of all, I want to highlight here, as well that we do have very strong free cash flow and as we indicated in the prepared remarks, right for the second time in a row more than $1.6 billion of free cash flow and that does take into account that we continue to make the necessary investments in our business. We continue to strengthen our technology and product roadmaps and there's no hesitation there. We know where the opportunities are. We are making the necessary investments there to capture those opportunities. In addition to that, we continue to invest in our manufacturing footprint although at a much more moderate pace, as we have seen in the last couple of years. But we continue to invest in as well. And so, our free cash is very strong. Our balance sheet is very healthy. We have $1.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And only $1 billion in debt. We have no near-term maturities. And so we have plenty of optionality. We have optionality to do M&A, although you know us, we're going to remain disciplined but we have that optionality and we have optionality to return excess cash back to the shareholders through a combination of our dividend program and our share buyback program. On the dividend program, we just recently increased the dividend 3% to now $0.70 per share and so that’s turning into a really nice dividend yield and we have the optionality to do buybacks. The Board and the management team are taking into account and into consideration multiple elements. But as a matter of policy, I can't really share the details of those considerations. Having said that, it’s our intent to continue to return all the excess cash back to the shareholders over time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar : Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my question and I think I want to thank for the color on the December quarter and your large customers. I'm just kind of curious, when you look at the December quarter compared to history, how was the demand linearity trending? And what is that implies on March quarter’s seasonality? And I have a follow up.
Kris Sennesael: So again, I will repeat what I just answered them on the previous question, right? It is fully playing in line with what we expected. A strong ramp in September, followed with further ramp going into the December quarter. Obviously, March is seasonally down and we expect here again our March quarter, especially in mobile to be seasonally down. Obviously, we only guide one quarter at a time. So it’s too early to be more specific. We do however, our broad markets business to continue to grow sequentially. And we expect broad markets to be up modestly in the March quarter and beyond. But as combined, of course, for Skyworks, we will have normal or expect normal seasonal declines into the March quarter.
Krish Sankar : Got it. Thanks for that Kris, and I appreciate it. And then a quick follow up on the Wi-Fi 7 upgrade cycle. It seems like it's been pretty good for you. I'm just curious like historically how long has the growth inflection lasted for a Wi-Fi upgrade cycle and how to think about how this profile would be versus prior cycles? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Sure, sure. Yeah, I mean, actually, you're right. The Wi-Fi cycle had been somewhat muted here for a while. Fortunately, with Skyworks team, we’re in great position. The next-generations Wi-Fi solutions, Wi-Fi 7 we are working with companies like Motorola. We are looking at companies like Logitech. We get them automotive plays in there as well. So the broad market businesses are coming up, it had been kind of a rough right there. But we're starting to look better. Next year is another player in their Charter Communications, where industrial markets we are engaged with Mercedes Benz even on the auto side. So there has been a lot of activity and strength here. And the broad market is just out of the design win pipeline is filling and we’ll get back to revenue. So we are very encouraged about the signs we are seeing there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is now open.
Michael Mani: Hi. This is Michael Mani on for Vivek Arya. Thanks so much for taking our questions. To start just across the various end-markets that broad markets plays in, which areas have become maybe incrementally worse or better over the last 90 days and just where are you still undershipping to demand?
Kris Sennesael: So, in broad markets, there is just three parts, there is the Edge IoT connectivity where we play mostly with Wi-Fi with any other wireless connectivity protocol. We are definitely seeing improvements in that area. Again in part driven by a big step up in content as the transitioning – the multi-year transitioning is happening from Wi-Fi 6 and 7. I think we are still somewhat undershipping natural demand there. But there is definitely improvement in that area. The second part is our networking infrastructure and cloud. I think that’s very well documented there. There is excess inventory that’s being worked down. That will take multiple quarters. I think we start seeing some improvements there. Bookings is improving. Backlog is improving, but it's still shipping way under natural demand. And then, last but not least, you have automotive and industrial, I think that’s very well documented as well by many of our peers who talked about that part of the business that would definitely undershipping natural demand there. Again, we are, I think we are doing fairly well given some design wins that we have able to put on the book a year or two years ago. Those design wins continue to ramp up and turn into revenue but it's a soft environment. And so, I think that it will continue to improve over time here and that's why as a whole, we are pleased on one hand that our broad markets continue to grow sequentially, although modestly. But eventually that sequential growth will accelerate. Again, December year-over-year growth and that year-over-year growth will accelerate over time, as well.
Michael Mani: Great, thank you and just on gross margins. Given that broad markets might be taking a more measured up turn expected previously. What are the puts and takes with the gross margin expansion from here? I know you guided somewhere not at the midpoint. But how do you think of about expansion into 2025? And then maybe more broadly, as you think about an eventual return to 50% or greater gross margins, what would you rank order as the most important drivers to achieve this between utilization, product mix and a recovery in broad markets or any other factors? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. So as it relates to gross margin, we did 46.5% in September, which was up 50 basis points. So that's, that's a step in the right direction. For December we guide 46% to 47%. So kind of flattish at the midpoint, but the range is 46% to 47%. Looking ahead to fiscal ’25 and longer term, as you called out correctly, we drive gross margin improvements through better factory utilization, through cost reductions, and we have a mix tailwinds because broad markets has above average gross margin compared to the mobile. I think the team continue to execute well. We start seeing some improvement on the factory utilization. The team is executing well on cost reductions internally, as well as externally. But as we talked already, the mix tailwinds is not blowing as strong as we initially anticipated. Right? I think over time broad markets will accelerate. But currently the sequential growth is modestly and so the mix tailwind there is not as strong as expected. As a result of that for now, we think that fiscal ’25 on a full year basis, gross margins is going to be flattish, compared to fiscal ‘24. It will, of course start improving towards the end of fiscal ‘25 and sets us up well for further gross margins expansions in fiscal ’26 and beyond. We want to get as fast as we can back to the 50% gross margin. And then we are going to keep grinding to our long-term target model of 53%.
Michael Mani: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Thank you. Kris, I just want to follow up on that gross margin comment with regard to fiscal ’25. I guess, do you have an inventory days target? Because you continue to make good strides in reducing inventory days now in the 130 range, broad markets continues to improve. And so if inventory days are at normal, presumably, margins should go up. So, again, maybe tying the inventory days comment with what your comments just were around gross margin as how we see it stepping up over the next couple quarters.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. First of all, we have been reducing our internal inventory for seven quarters in a row now. It’s peaked up well above $1.2 billion and we are down to less than $800 million. I think we can continue to drive inventory down a little bit more. Obviously, that’s not helping from a factory utilization point of view and it’s not helping from a gross margin point of view, but I think it’s the right thing to do. We want to right-size the inventory and I think we still can reduce that a little bit. And so, again, when you put it all together there, I think gross margins going to be flattish and fiscal ’25 start improving towards – and we will have seasonality there, right? We will have seasonality typically gross margins go down in the March and June quarter and then start improving in the September and December quarter. Inventory days, again there is seasonality and so revenue goes up and down. The inventory doesn’t follow necessarily the seasonality on the revenue side. But from an absolute dollars point of view, we are sub 800 continue to drive it down a little bit further.
Michael Mani: Got it. Thank you. As my follow-up, do you believe the M&A environment is more favorable from a regulatory and funding perspective in ’25? And if not, because of your very strong free cash regeneration then perhaps ability to further reduce inventory, can you be more aggressive on a buyback if so? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, I mean there's all kinds of options that we have with the cash flow that we’ve put in forth, which is a great, great tool for us. So, we're always looking for the optimum mix, whether it’s an M&A play. Whether another factor. And so those are great options for Skyworks. And it’s a testament of the ability to drive that cash and it’s going to be a hallmark of this company. So we look at everything. We are very disciplined. We think about our shareholders. We think about the longevity of the technology. And it’s been a strategy that’s worked quite well and I think it will continue to be really purposeful for us as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Ruben Roy with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Liam, I had a question on Edge IoT to start with. And, just wondering, how are you thinking about AI impact if any, on the Edge IoT business. You've talked a lot about the smartphone side of it. Just wondering if there's anything investors should be thinking about in terms of AI and potential impacts as we look out over the next 12 to 18 months?
Liam Griffin : Yeah, absolutely. So, I think, we got a couple of things. Certainly, on the smartphone side, we are deeply entrenched with the most important customers learning together executing and driving excellence. So that’s really, really key and we are doing great work there. And then, but that’s flipping back to the broad markets, so we're doing very, very well in the IoT space. And really engaging with companies that are real hallmarks in the business. We talked about Google and Samsung, but also the broad markets businesses. We've got design wins with Mercedes. We have design wins with Netgear, Ambient Networks, Motorola. Really, really meaningful companies that are now part of that portfolio that we have in broad markets. And I'm 100% confident that our team will continue to drive that with more opportunities, more diversification and more cash and more earnings for us. So look forward to that. But things look much better there in that market.
Ruben Roy: Thanks, Liam. And a couple of quick ones for Kris. Kris, can you uh, tell us about the impairment charge during the quarter? And was that was your related to and then, finally on CapEx. It picked up a little bit. Any initial view on how we should think about CapEx for fiscal ’25? Thank you.
Liam Griffin : Right, so, we did take an impairment charge in Q4 of fiscal ‘24, which was related to a process R&D related to I&A acquisition we did with Silicon Labs. So you should probably know at the time of an acquisition, you have to identify all the in-process R&D projects and have to put evaluation around that. As time goes by, some projects are being accelerated. Some projects are being pushed out. Some projects are being redefined and so that's all being taken into account and could potentially result in an impairment charge, which we took in Q4. The business itself that we acquired is part of our broad markets business. We are going through some inventory correction there. Of course, a lot of that business plays in the industrial, automotive area, but we are still very pleased with that business. That business has great technology, great people, good customer contacts and as we get through the inventory correction is well positioned for growth. As it relates to CapEx, CapEx is running in fiscal ‘24 on or about 3% to revenue, which has been one of the lowest in many, many years. Part of that of course is we didn’t have to do any capacity expansion, CapEx during fiscal ‘24, but all the CapEx we did was mostly for technology reasons. But going forward, we think CapEx will remain moderate - mid to longer term in the mid-single-digits as a percent to revenue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. A couple of follow-ups. Kris, on the broad market side. There are lot of moving parts in there. Just trying to understand how big auto, industrial and IoT and infrastructure businesses are individually and also you talked about some inventory on the infrastructure and cloud networking, I think you have a bit more exposure on the telcos. I just want to make sure, because from everything that we see in here, the cloud business is very strong right now. So I am just curious as to what’s causing that inventory build.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So, our broad markets, it's roughly 40% 50% is the Edge IoT, connectivity, 35% 40% or so is our networking infrastructure and cloud and then 20%, 25% is industrial and automotive. As it relates to cloud and data center, we do see some good traction in the AI-related investments that, where we play with our timing solutions. But investments in the more traditional cloud and data is somewhat muted. And there is still some ongoing inventory correction in that part of the market.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay, that's clear. And then, on the - I guess on the December guidance you talk - you kind of mentioned that everything is kind of tracking as you expected originally but it is slightly below your normal seasonality I think historically you have done kind of high-single-digits in December. So my question is, is that primarily on the Android side, the weakness, or broad markets? And then, given the lower base, should we expect your March quarter to be slightly above seasonal? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Right. So the revenue and the business with the large customer is fully in line with expectations. And more normal from a seasonal point of view. We're guiding slightly below street expectation, mostly because of broad markets. Again, on one hand pleased that we continue to see for a fourth quarter in a row, sequential growth but the sequential growth is less than what we anticipated three or six months ago.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho Group. Your line is now open.
Vijay Rakesh : Hi Liam and Kris. Just wondering on 2025, if you were to take a look at how do you see adds in growth year-on-year within that 5G? And then a follow-up.
Liam Griffin: So, we only guide one quarter at a time and we're going to stick to that. I mean, visibility is I think, okay. It's not bad or great. But as a matter, we only guide one quarter at a time and we are going to stick to that.
Vijay Rakesh : Right. Talking more of the industry, but as you look at one of the things that one of your peers have talked about is in China there is a trend towards entry level and some of RFs side moving to discrete. Are you seeing any of that? That's it. Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, we actually don't do much in China in those markets. And if we were in it we really low end stuff. And so we are naturally kind of out of that space and upgrading more with some of the other players that we talked about earlier, the Googles and Samsungs, et cetera. So, we still have a great Android business it just happens to be much more important strategic one.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Nicholas Doyle with Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Doyle : Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned tremendous opportunity in Android? Can you be any more specific in terms of products or maybe the connectivity if it's RF or a Wi-Fi type opportunities and I guess I assume that’s mostly with Google? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, I mean, you have two really strong players here that we are engaging with Google and Samsung. And what I really like about those companies is that, they are – these are enterprise companies. It’s great that they're smartphone players and we can engage that’s wonderful. But they are also technology companies. They are companies that play in AI and other markets. So it’s really a great opportunity for us. We are pleased that we are able to engage at that level. We are learning a lot from those customers, very, very smart people with a lot of ideas and a lot of applications. So it’s a broad market business of its own within the portfolio. So, you should expect more from us with those companies. We're making great progress and looking forward to continuing to raise the bar and so we are happy to be there.
Nicholas Doyle : Okay, thanks. And maybe just a broader strategy question. You've seen broad markets grow modestly, quarter-over-quarter, yet you've been undershipping kind of this whole time. So, why not halt those shipments more aggressively at the beginning of the year? And kind of burn through that inventory quicker. Is there any sort of business strategy around that decision or that's just how business goes? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: No, no\. I mean, we always very careful and when we talk about inventory, we talk about inventory in the channel and at the customer level. And we always trying to get a good read about that and there's no advantage or any good reason to go and build up channel inventory or excess inventory at the personal level. We always trying to ship in line with real end-customer demand. Now, sometimes our customer don’t have it right either than they are prominent able to get more parts and then their end-customer demand doesn’t materialize and you end up with excess inventory somewhere in the channel could be at the distribution or could be at the end customer. Nobody wants that and we always try to manage that very carefully.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s question and answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments?
Liam Griffin: Thanks for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Raji Gill, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Gill, please go ahead.
Raji Gill: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Skyworks third fiscal quarter 2024 conference call. With me today is Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed from the Investor Relations section of the company's website at skyworksinc.com. In addition, the company's prepared remarks will be made available on our website probably after their conclusion during the call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Raji and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered solid results for the third fiscal quarter of 2024. We posted revenue of $906 million, delivered earnings per share of $1.21 and generated free cash flow of $249 million. Revenue, gross margin and EPS met or were slightly above our prior guidance. Importantly, year-to-date free cash flow was $1.3 billion or 40% free cash flow margin which reflects strong working capital management and operational excellence. In mobile, we are seeing encouraging signs that inventory levels and order patterns are normalizing. We are energized about the prospects of generative AI, catalyzing a meaningful smartphone replacement cycle and driving higher levels of RF complexity. We expect new AI features will only be available on the latest next-generation smartphones, potentially fueling a multiyear upgrade cycle. We are uniquely positioned given our long-standing relationships with the leading smartphone OEMs, best-in-class RF technology and a global manufacturing footprint. In broad markets, we delivered 2 consecutive quarters of sequential growth since the December bottom and we anticipate modest growth for the balance of 2024. In edge IoT, where demand is improving, we have a strong design win funnel for WiFi 7 systems and we expect a healthy multiyear upgrade cycle given faster data transfer speeds and lower latency. In traditional data center and wireless infrastructure, inventory levels remain elevated which is prolonging the recovery as we continue to under-ship natural demand. However, once industry conditions stabilize, we expect end customers to replenish inventory back to normal levels. Lastly, in automotive and industrial, we are working through excess inventory levels but seeing signs of stabilization. We remain bullish on our design win pipeline across our power isolation, RF and digital broadcast solutions for the connected car and EV markets. Over the medium to long term, we believe generative AI will migrate to the edge. Most significantly, we believe the rollout of compelling AI applications will drive a smartphone replacement cycle, one that is currently the longest in history, standing at over 4 years. In edge IoT, AI-enabled devices increasingly incorporate machine learning to support language and computer vision models. Robust RF is critical to facilitate the continuous training to inference between device and cloud. Over time, automotive OEMs will train on big data in the cloud and screen software downloads through over-the-year updates, supporting higher levels of autonomy and vehicles. To facilitate these trends, OEMs need power and extremely fast RF connectivity. For next-generation data centers, complex workloads supporting large language models will propel upgrade cycles in switch, compute and optical networks. Over the medium to long term, Skyworks is well positioned with our high-performance timing solutions, targeting 800 gig and 1.6 terabit Ethernet switches in optical modules. Ultimately, our view is there will be a hybrid approach to AI computing, a combo of on-device and cloud-based. Data can be trained in the cloud and deployed to the edge for inference on new inputs. More complex AI tasks will be processed in the cloud and less complex on-device. In addition to these new usage cases, AI-enabled smartphones will further elevate the technological burden, resulting in premium for onboard space, requiring higher levels of integration in advanced packaging, energy efficiency translating to lower power consumption, low latency, pushing the boundary of signal integrity and higher throughput and connectivity upgrades with 5G advanced and 6G. These increased technological demands play to Skyworks' strengths, given our deep customer relationships, exceptional engineering talent and strong IP portfolio. Turning to our quarterly business highlights. We secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones, including Google Pixel 8a, Samsung Galaxy M and Oppo Reno12, among others. We supported the launches of WiFi 7 tri-band routers and access points with NETGEAR, TP-LINK and Cambium Networks. We accelerated our design win pipeline in automotive, including telematics, infotainment and CV2X. Despite a challenging demand environment, we continue to make strategic investments in our long-term growth areas, expand our customer base and diversify the reach of the business. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q4 of fiscal 2024.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2024 was $906 million, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 61% of total revenue, down 21% [ph] sequentially. Broad markets were approximately 39% of total revenue, up 1% sequentially. Gross profit was $416 million with gross margin at 46%, in line with expectations. Gross margin grew 100 basis points sequentially, reflecting our ongoing cost-reduction actions and favorable mix shift. Also, during Q3, we further reduced our internal inventory, resulting in 6 consecutive quarters of reductions. Operating expenses were $197 million reflecting our strategic investments in our technology and product road maps. We delivered $219 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 24%. We generated $3 million of other income and our effective tax rate was 12%, driving net income of $195 million and a diluted earnings per share of $1.21 which is in line with our guidance. Third fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $274 million. Capital expenditures were $24 million or less than 3% of revenue, resulting in a free cash flow of $249 million. Year-to-date, we generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow or 40% free cash flow margin. We continue to drive robust cash flow through consistent levels of profitability, careful working capital management and moderating CapEx intensity. During fiscal Q3, we paid $109 million in dividends and repurchased 764,000 shares of our common stock for a total of $77 million. Cash and investments grew to nearly $1.3 billion and we have $1 billion in debt, providing us excellent optionality. We remain committed to delivering shareholder value through a disciplined approach to capital allocation. Given our conviction in Skyworks' long-term strategic outlook and consistent strong cash generation, we announced a 3% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.70 per share. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q4 of fiscal 2024. We anticipate revenue of $1 billion to $1.04 billion. We expect our mobile business to be up approximately 20% sequentially as demand and supply patterns appear to be normalizing. In broad markets, we anticipate modest improvements, representing 3 consecutive quarters of sequential growth. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 46% to 47%, increasing 50 basis points sequentially at the midpoint. We anticipate gross margin expansion during the remainder of 2024, driven by our cost-reduction actions, favorable mix shift and higher utilization rates. We expect operating expenses in the range of $197 million to $203 million as we continue to make strategic investments in mobile and broad markets to drive share gains and increase diversification. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $3 million in other income, an effective tax rate of 12% and a diluted share count of approximately 161 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.02 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.52. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen.
Matt Ramsay: Guys, I guess, for my first question, I mean lots, your company and all of your industry peers have been through this cyclicality, in broad markets for you guys and lots of industrial businesses for your competition. And it's great to see us get back on sort of a sequential growth from a revenue perspective and a chain of that which will, I assume, continue as you guys come out of the cyclicality here. But as you've revisited that diverse set of businesses, I mean it's a question that a lot of companies in this space get. Any sense now of what the sort of, I don't know, kind of equilibrium sell-through revenue level is that this business supports right now? We were obviously over-shipping for a bit and then have under-shipped for a bit to try to clear the channel. But any sense of where you are right now on the shipping levels you guys are guiding to relative to end consumption and when we might get back to equilibrium?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Sure. This is Liam. So if we start to take a look at those markets, we are actually gaining some share and driving revenue. We're seeing opportunities in auto that have substantially been grown. We see the connected car as a significant opportunity for Skyworks. We already have meaningful design wins and I know we can do much more. We're looking at more and more opportunities in safety systems, driver assist. We talked a little bit about that. All those markets are actually doing quite well and we have a lot of room to grow. Then moving into some other markets that are quite powerful today are the WiFi cycles. We have a WiFi 7 upgrade today that is going really well. Very important technology, lots of volume coming. And certainly, an extension here as we get to more and more opportunities. Home enterprise, commercial, industrial, wearables, all of these markets fall into that category and have been really powerful for us and we expect that to continue. And further, we have some great opportunities in infrastructure, leveraging networking and cloud. We talked about 800 gig and 1.6 terabit speeds. A lot of really powerful vectors there that can come about here as we move into the next quarter.
Matt Ramsay: Got it, Liam. I guess as my follow-up, if we look into the wireless market, there's -- it seems like the market has some fairly bullish expectations on units with your largest customer and you guys had talked last quarter about how the content had changed there a little bit. I just wonder if you could give us any early thoughts, Kris, on sort of the shape of the year or this cycle in your wireless business? Maybe you have a chance to lean into Android a little bit more. And there's the dynamics in both directions that I mentioned with Cupertino. So if you have any early thoughts, we'd appreciate it. I know it's early to ask about that but I get asked about it a lot.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Look, I mean there's a lot of opportunity there. We are seeing stronger signals in demand for sure. We're starting to see that actually accelerate, leveraging some of the more unique products that we have within the Skyworks bench. So a lot of opportunity there. Our outlook looks very good as we look forward. The technologies that we're working on right now are really difficult. They're very, very challenging. It takes great companies and great people to make it happen. As you've heard many, many times, our labs-to-fabs approach really does work. There's a lot of customization as we start to grow into some of these new markets, mobile and others. So we feel really good about that. And I think there's an opportunity for us to continue to move forward. We're just beginning to now engage in AI and we see that in the phone. We definitely see that as a major, major catalyst for smartphones. And I'll tell you, I don't think there's a company that can do that better than Skyworks. So we look forward to the opportunity. We've got the key pieces in place and it's a time for us to just put up a little bit more revenue there.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Chris Caso from Wolfe Research.
Chris Caso: The first question is on broad markets. And it seems like that revenue is just kind of bouncing along the bottom here. You mentioned expectations for some modest growth going forward. Can you speak to the different end markets within broad markets? I'd imagine that some of the consumer markets that corrected earlier are perhaps some of the ones that are coming out. But I know some of the industrial markets still have some inventory to go through. What's the stage of the inventory correction and kind of how much of that business is normalized? And how much of that still has customer inventory that needs to be burned through?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris, great question. So first of all, we did call out broad markets at the bottom in the December quarter. And so we really turned a corner there. And we have seen now 2 consecutive quarters of sequential growth and we do expect further growth in the September quarter that's incorporated in our guidance. And we do beyond the September quarter, further sequential growth and actually an acceleration of that sequential growth returning back to year-over-year growth in our broad markets business. Now as you know, there's multiple different end markets there. As it relates to consumer enterprise where we mainly play with our connectivity solutions, I would say that's getting a more stable environment. Most of the inventory correction is over there. And we are growing the business there mostly because of our content uplift story, right? As Liam indicated, WiFi 7, a lot of good traction there. That's a big step-up in content compared to WiFi 6. Some of those other end markets, there's still an inventory correction ongoing. Automotive, industrial markets, very similar to what our peers and competitors have seen in that market. But again, as Liam indicated, we have strong design win momentum there, we have great opportunities in EVs with our power isolation or in the connected car with our connectivity solutions, WiFi, 5G, digital radios. And so we are able to buck the trend there and see some stronger revenue growth opportunities.
Chris Caso: As a follow-up, I wanted to ask a question on gross margins. And I understand you're guiding up 50 basis points for the September quarter. I know that you've taken some cost-reduction actions, depreciation's coming down. What would you say is the trajectory for gross margins as perhaps some revenue comes back and utilization comes up? What's sort of the slope and the destination for the gross margins as those things occur?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris, so there as well, March was the bottom for us at 45%. You saw already 100 basis points improvements in the June quarter. And we just guided another 50 basis points improvement going into the September quarter. And we do expect further gross margins improvement in the December quarter. Obviously, then there is seasonality in our business. But when I look at fiscal '25 or '26 and beyond, we do expect further gross margins improvement. And it's basically a combination of multiple factors, right? We continue to execute on cost reductions into our factory. As the top line is growing, we are getting better utilization into our factories. We are bringing higher value products to the market for which we are getting paid. And we have a little bit of a tailwind from a mix point of view as broad markets is growing at higher than above gross margins. So we think we are on the right track here and we will see ongoing further gross margins improvement.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Kris, can you give us a sense of how big the large customer was for June? And then in September, it's ranged between mid-50s when Android was higher to the high 60s last year. Any sense of how to think about how that's going to trend and what you're embedding in the guidance?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So our largest customer in the June quarter was approximately 65% of total revenue. That was down sequentially, maybe a little bit more than normal seasonality and we explained that at the last earnings call, where we saw some buildup of inventory in March, April time frame. And so we pushed the brakes in June. But looking ahead now into September, we think the largest customer will be slightly above 65% of total revenue and it will be up on or about 20% sequentially, right, as we execute and support our large customer in ramping up new products that they are bringing to market.
Timothy Arcuri: And then can you give us a sense also of what December -- I mean, December is kind of all over the map seasonally but it's up in the range of 10% usually. Is that a reasonable bogey to think about for December?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So we only guide 1 quarter at a time and I would really stick with that. But yes, it's clear that we do expect further sequential growth going into the December quarter but we will guide next quarter on that.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: You referred to some AI smartphones. And I think we all got excited about some new AI announcements this quarter, driving a refresh cycle. So I guess my first question is how much of this kind of acceleration or pull-in in the refresh cycle did you see or is in your September guidance? Did you see kind of the same excitement that we all kind of felt? Or do you think this is something really to play out December and onward as we move through time and new product launches?
Liam Griffin: Yes, great question. I think this is the early stage of a very, very long ramp in mobile. There's no question that AI is going to make an impact. I really believe that and I think most of the market does. But what comes with it is also a challenge. You have to have very, very difficult challenges to be able to manage the AI world. Fortunately, with Skyworks, this is what we do all the time and we're a deep technology company, we know how to handle the really challenging opportunities. We're dealing with higher levels of MIMO; more paths, uplink and downlink; bringing in carrier aggregation, better filtering. And you know that at Skyworks, really, really important to get those filters down and new frequency bands. So it's a very challenging ask to deliver. But fortunately, at Skyworks, these are technologies that we understand. So we are looking forward to this. It's very early stages but I believe and our team believes that we're going to have a very meaningful cycle in mobile, led by these technology innovations.
Christopher Rolland: My next question is around Android. So you talked about a couple of cool Android phones, Google, Samsung Galaxy M, Oppo. Can you point to any marquee sockets, either new areas that you're playing or big chunky sockets? And then just more generally, how would you describe the Android environment and kind of your outlook there and revenue contribution moving forward?
Liam Griffin: Yes, that's great. I mean we are certainly engaged in Android and most specifically, with Samsung and Google. There's some great products there. The Pixel phone is an amazing phone. There's other products as well. Great partnership with Google actually. And the technology inside is very rich, very, very impactful. So we should see more and more of that from Skyworks, probably less of the low end in China, of course. But the higher end in Android has been really powerful. I think there's a lot more we can do from there.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line up Craig Ellis with B. Riley Securities.
Craig Ellis: And Liam, nice to hear the enthusiasm about a smartphone refresh cycle in the middle of the 5G cycle. I wanted to follow up on that. So as you look at the opportunity for AI to drive more up and downlink content, increased carrier aggregation and some of the other technologies that the company specializes in, can you talk about the content gain opportunities that might exist in Gen 2 and Gen 3 smartphones? Because I think from commentary a quarter ago, we may not be looking at so much in this year's version of your largest customer handset. But what could we look at in coming years from AI on the content gain side?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I think this is going to be a long, long run here and a successful run in the industry if the technologies come about the way that we see it. So we have some of this technology in place right now and we're able to capitalize on that. But this is going to -- Craig, this going to be a long-term cycle here, very meaningful, akin to the first 5G cycle in my expectation. But I think it's going to be much more powerful. The challenges are much more demanding, more challenging. Fortunately, for Skyworks, we can do a lot of this stuff in-house, very difficult but we can do it in-house and we can craft and curate account by account to get it right because we're not seeing one fits all here. This is going to be a customized platform when you get into AI and each customer has its own needs and specs. So it's early innings. The companies that are deeply involved are going to win. The customers that we pick are also going to be really important to us but we're looking forward to it. I think it's going to be a significant move in the industry and certainly for Skyworks.
Craig Ellis: Got it. And then a two-part follow-up. The follow-up specifically to the implications for revenue is, is what does this mean for the company to get back to the gross margins that it was executing at a couple of years ago in the 50% range and maybe even up to that 53% target? And then switching gears, the company just continues to throw off tremendous cash. You talked about it in your comments. The dividend just raised again. You have very little debt. How are you thinking about what happens next with cash return? Is there a lot more buyback? Or are you thinking about strategic M&A? And if so, what type of cards might you be thinking about playing there?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So maybe first on the gross margins, I think I already answered that question, right? I think we're going to continue to see further gross margins improvement. Obviously, we've accelerated revenue growth. We will have better utilization in the factories and that will exponentially result in further gross margins improvements. That is very clear. As it relates to the financial output of this company, it's just outstanding, right? Just if you look at in the first 9 months of the fiscal year, we generated $1.3 billion of cash. That's a 40% free cash flow margin. I think that is outstanding in the semiconductor business compared to many of our peers and competitors. In addition to that, we have a strong balance sheet. We have almost $1.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet and only $1 billion of debt with -- which is cheap debt with long maturities. So we have a very strong position here that allows us to, on one hand, continue to invest in our business, in our technology and product road maps, continue to invest in our factories if and when needed. And so currently, the capital intensity of the business has come down a lot. But if and when needed, of course, we can make those investments as well to maintain our leadership position. And in addition to that, there's not going to be any hesitation. We are going to return all the excess cash flow back to the shareholders. And we do that consistently through our dividend program and our share buyback program. On the dividend program, we just announced a 3% increase up to $0.70 per share. Right now, that's translating into a 2.4% dividend yield. And as you noticed, in the June quarter, we restarted the buyback program. And so there's not going to be any hesitation to that. In addition to that, we still have optionality for M&A, right? But you know us, we're not going to do anything stupid. We're going to remain disciplined on that. And if there are no deals, we will return the cash flow.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Kevin Cassidy: When you mentioned AI in the handsets and I understand the improvement that you'll get in content, what about AI is moving out into all types of robotics and IoT type of products? Do you have accelerated opportunities in that market, too?
Liam Griffin: Great question. Great question. The good news is the technologies that we have can absolutely work in those environments. We just haven't gotten there yet. So we're making those investments. Obviously, we've got a great position in smartphones and the technologies that we work there. But to take that through an IoT cycle, across multi-markets is going to be a real powerful opportunity for Skyworks. The good news is we know what the technology is, how they work, where they need to be. It's just about putting it together and getting into the right markets, the right partners. But we really do believe this could be a very powerful cycle independent of the smartphone looking at the IoT opportunity. So we look forward to it. It's a great question and we'll hopefully update you more as we get more information but we're very, very interested in making that happen. Thank you.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Just maybe as a hint is -- do you need more scalability to be able to service more customers?
Liam Griffin: Well, I mean, we have customers that are actually working with us and asking us how they can engage in AI and using IoT as a vector. And so we're working with companies like that, that we know already. But there's a whole range of other opportunities and applications that we haven't yet addressed. So I think it's going to be a meaningful part of the strategy at Skyworks here as we move forward with a lot of runway that hasn't been covered.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company.
Nick Doyle: This is Nick Doyle on for Quinn. If your largest customer switches to an internal modem, can you talk about how that change -- how that would impact Skyworks' content opportunity?
Liam Griffin: Yes, I hear you. We really can't go into specifics with that customer. But certainly, we have a great relationship. We're a trusted partner. There's a lot of opportunities that we can pursue but we just really can't get into any details here.
Nick Doyle: Okay. You mentioned that inventory remains elevated in the traditional data center and wireless infrastructure. Do you have a sense of how much inventory remains in days or dollars? And what types of products have the most inventory left?
Kris Sennesael: That's really hard to answer that question. I mean it really depends from end market to end market. As I said before, I think in consumer enterprise, most of the inventory correction is over. Automotive, industrial, you've heard it from peers and competitors. There's definitely some excess inventory that's being flushed out. And then if you look more at the infrastructure, networking, data center, there is still some excess inventory but the demand is definitely improving in those areas. And it will be a long recovery in those markets. So again, it really depends end market to end market. But again, when you look at our broad markets business, we're growing it sequentially for 3 quarters in a row and we'll start growing it on a year-over-year basis. And so there's definitely some good traction for Skyworks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line Thomas O'Malley with Barclays.
Thomas O'Malley: Mine was just a broader industry dynamic on integration. A competitor at the recent analyst like kind of showed a slide with the mid- high-band socket integrating diversity receive over time in high-end Android. Can you talk about are you seeing the integration in some of the design wins that you're competing for today? And then could you just maybe speak to the fact is that only going to appear in high end markets? Do you see that across broad markets? Just where are you seeing the industry move to in terms of maybe silicon getting integrated into smaller duct space?
Liam Griffin: As you know, we really can't get into details with our customers and our design wins. But we certainly have the best-in-class RF technology and the manufacturing scale to compete to win for sockets. And frankly, the tech stacks are getting harder and harder every year. On top of that, our customers are relentless in terms of driving higher levels of performance. And in this environment, only the strong will survive. And Skyworks, of course, this is what we do. This is our bread and butter. RF technology continues to get more and more difficult. And that's the way we want it. And so we expect more opportunities and more engagement, especially with the top-tier customers as we go forward.
Thomas O'Malley: Helpful. And then just more broadly, when you talk about AI proliferating to the edge, I think people have generally a good idea of how they see that playing out. But when it comes to AI in the smartphone, do you think you could talk specifically as to where you see the content uplift? Is that just additional bands? Is that additional filtering? Like can you just point to where you think in the near term you see additional content as it relates to AI in the smartphone?
Liam Griffin: Yes I mean just at the high level, think about transmit back and forth, right? Transmit and receive, the burden to be able to do that in an AI environment, the speeds, the latency, all of that, the filtering, the range, all of those issues become problems that need to be solved and that's exactly what we want to do. And this is the stuff we do all the time. So we're going to take all the know-how, our own IP, our technologists, our capital assets, our scale in our factories to curate solutions that will meet the demands of AI. So it's not going to be a one-fits-all kind of thing. It's going to be highly curated and custom-ated [ph].
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now hand the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, everybody, for participating in today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-04-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: I would like to introduce Raji Gill, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks.
Raji Gill: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2024 conference call. With me today is Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President; and Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed from the Investor Relations section of the company website at skyworksinc.com. In addition, the company's prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after the conclusion during the call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Raji and welcome everyone. Skyworks posted solid results for the second fiscal quarter of 2024. We delivered revenue of $1.046 billion. We posted earnings per share of $1.55 and generated $300 million of operating cash flow, which reflects strong working capital management and operational excellence.
6E: We are in the early innings of a multiyear upgrade cycle, with high end access points now being offered. Over the coming quarters, we anticipate retailers to roll out mainstream models, followed by carriers and MSOs for their gateways and router products. The wireless infrastructure and traditional data center markets remained soft. We continue to undership natural demand as we allow the distribution channel and customers to consume excess inventory. Despite near-term headwinds, we remain bullish on AI workloads, driving upgrades to Ethernet switches and optical modules, a positive long-term driver for our advanced precision timing solutions. Lastly, automotive and industrial markets remain under pressure as they continue to undergo a steep inventory correction. However, we see opportunities for long-term growth in our automotive business. Automotive OEMs are increasingly focused on software defined vehicles, the connected car and in-cabin user experience, all of which are generating higher levels of radio complexity. Despite near-term headwinds, we remain positive on growing EV penetration, creating demand for our Power Isolation products. Our strategy is to leverage connectivity technology across multiple growth segments, including edge connected IoT devices, automotive electrification, and advanced safety systems and AI infrastructure. Connectivity is crucial in enabling AI on decentralized edge systems. Our RF technology powers applications like the connected home, building automation, smart cities, machine-to-machine, and wearables. We are particularly excited about the industry mandates and regulatory tailwinds leading to higher levels of connectivity inside the car. For example, the number of radios and antennas are growing in vehicles to support various communication standards, including 5G cellular, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, ultra wideband, NFC, and CV2X. The multitude of radios create challenges around coexistence, external interference, and latency. Our advanced RF solutions can solve these complex problems for our OEMs. In data center, accelerated workloads supporting large language models are catalyzing networking and optical upgrades. We have a timing portfolio targeting next generation 800 gig and 1.6 terabyte Ethernet switches in optical modules enabling AI infrastructure. During Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, we were excited to see several AI enabled phones being introduced to the marketplace. We believe AI could propel a meaningful replacement cycle in the smartphone market, fueled by applications like real-time language translation, voice assistance, advanced camera and imaging, and on-device personalization. Over time, AI enabled phones could drive higher levels of RF complexity, including robust connectivity, higher throughput, further integration, and lower power consumption. Turning to our quarterly business highlights, we delivered integrated platforms to the leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier models with Samsung, Google, Oppo, and others. We expanded our design win pipeline and initiated new programs in automotive, including infotainment systems, traction inverters, cloud enhanced driver assist, and CV2X. We secured several audio SoC designs with Sony and Samsung. In summary, Skyworks continues to execute well despite a challenging macro environment. While we are navigating near-term headwinds, we remain bullish on our long-term strategy. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q3 of fiscal 2024.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.046 billion, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 66% of total revenue, down 19% sequentially. Broad markets were approximately 34% of total revenue, up 1% sequentially. Gross profit was $471 million with gross margin at 45%, in line with expectations. Gross margin was down 140 basis points sequentially reflecting our seasonally weakest period. Also during Q2, we further reduced our internal inventory by $91 million to $836 million, which reflects five consecutive quarters of reductions. Operating expenses were $192 million, below the low end of the guidance range, reflecting our disciplined focus on managing discretionary expenses while continuing to invest in our technology and product roadmaps. We generated $279 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 26.7%. We generated $4 million of other income and our effective tax rate was 11.3%, driving net income of $251 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.55, which is $0.03 above the guidance that we provided during the last earnings call. Despite the quarterly volatility, Skyworks business model generates strong cash flow. Second fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $300 million. Capital expenditures were $28 million or less than 3% of revenue, resulting in a free cash flow of $273 million. We continue to drive robust cash flow through high levels of profitability, prudent working capital management and moderating CapEx. Also during fiscal Q2, we paid $109 million in dividends. Our cash balances grew to over $1.2 billion and we have $1 billion in debt. Our solid capital structure provides us with excellent flexibility and optionality. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q3 of fiscal 2024. We anticipate revenue of $900 million plus or minus 2%. We expect our mobile business to be down sequentially below normal seasonal patterns as excess inventory clears. In broad markets, we anticipate further modest sequential growth as inventory levels appear to be normalizing in certain end markets. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 45% to 47%, improving 100 basis points sequentially at the midpoint. We anticipate gross margin expansion during the remainder of 2024, driven by our cost reduction actions, favorable mix shift and higher utilization rates. We expect operating expenses in the range of $192 million to $198 million as we continue to make strategic investments in mobile and broad markets to drive share gains and increase diversification. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $2 million in order income, an effective tax rate of 11.5%, and a diluted share count of approximately 161.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $900 million, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.21. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. I guess the first question with regard to the worse than seasonal mobile business, you speak about excess inventory. We've unfortunately been hearing excess inventory in mobile for some time. Could you give a few more details on that? And specifically, was this from the Android space or was it beyond the Android space?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. This is Kris here. Happy to provide some more color as it relates to our guidance for the June quarter. So, specifically in our mobile business, towards the end of the March quarter, especially in the month of March, we saw some below normal seasonal trends with lower than expected end market demand and unfortunately, that resulted in some buildup of inventory in the channel and that was somewhat across our mobile business. Unfortunately, those trends also continued during the four weeks of April. And so we took that all into account as we set our guidance for the June quarter and we do expect our mobile business to be down sequentially 20% to 25%, which is well below normal seasonal patterns. And it's mostly due to the fact that we have to clear out the excess inventory in the channel. On the flip side, in our broad markets business, we do expect to see some modest sequential growth in addition to the modest sequential growth that we saw in the March quarter as well.
Chris Caso: Thank you for the clarification. I guess, as a follow-up, what does this mean for the second half of the year? And typically, you don't guide for the second half on this call, but do you expect those inventory headwinds to persist? Obviously, you have new product launches as you go to the second half, what does that mean for normal seasonality as you go through the second half of the year from these levels?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris, we only guide one quarter at a time, it's somewhat unpredictable what's going to happen three, four quarters down the road. But we do expect that most of the inventory clearance will be done during the June quarter.
Chris Caso: So does that suggest kind of a back to a normal revenue levels or I guess what you're saying is this is a very short-term issue in the June quarter?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, from a demand point of view, that is correct.
Chris Caso: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Matthew Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody. Guys, I wanted to follow on to Chris' questions there on the mobile segment and is there any correlation at all that we should draw between, is this just a unit and inventory thing or is there any correlation we should draw to potentially expected content and programs that would launch later in the year? Is there a quarter of drawdown of inventory because maybe content has changed one way or the other or should we just not try to make that conclusion? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes, this is Liam. So there's this interesting dynamics here, and I really can't comment on specifics related to our largest customer. However, we will provide as much directional color as possible here. So we were placed in a unique situation with our largest customer, where we were unable to consummate an award that we expected and frankly thought we had earned. As a result, we expect content headwinds from the upcoming cycle. At the same time, we are strategically aligned with our largest customer and we're ready to engage in all of their strategic initiatives going forward.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, and Matt, just to add a little bit more color there, and again, as you know, we can't really go into the specifics as it relates to the large customer, but we were able to partially offset the socket loss that Liam just talked about it with some additional content gains, including some new sockets that we don't have in the current version of the phone. And so, as a result, on a net-net, we expect the content to be down a little more than 10% compared to the current phone model, and that will start having an impact in the September quarter.
Matthew Ramsay: Got it. Guys, I appreciate that very much, and I know it's super sensitive. I kind of need to ask a follow-up here, which is, Liam, if you could try to characterize maybe the chain of events that happened to the extent that you're able to with this, any kind of a performance or quality or product issue with Skyworks program, specifically was this a program change that they made? Any context as to when you guys sort of learned about this and how the whole thing came to pass? Again, I appreciate it. It's super sensitive here on a public call.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I mean, this is not performance related. It's not technology related. In fact, the product has been a stalwart in the portfolio, so nothing like that. Just a unique situation. Can't get into all the details. We're looking forward. We are partners with our largest customer. We expect to do more work in the future and looking forward to that.
Matthew Ramsay: All right. Fair enough. I appreciate the candor. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. A couple of questions, if I could. So, Liam or Chris, doesn’t matter, you've got incremental gains in sockets you didn't have last year. I think the general idea here is you won some Wi-Fi that is obviously coming out of mobile, not broad markets, first of all. And secondly, would you characterize any content losses in the second half of the year to be in a, what I would say, a primary product that tends to be very performance driven or is it kind of a marginal product where a number of different people compete and you can qualify for two or three different vendors? Then I have a follow-up please.
Liam Griffin: Yes Ed, unfortunately, I can't give you too much detail here, but as you know, we're striving to gain share in every sockets that we're addressing today, whether the largest customer or some of the other players. The technology's there. I mean, this is not a technology gap. This is really some commercial issues that were unique and we're getting through it and we expect to be able to turn up the revenue here as we go forward.
Edward Snyder: Okay, maybe we can go out a little bit further and I know you don't like to give guidance, but just generally characterizes the content picture saying 2025, I don't know if you want to go out to 2026 or so, but it's clear that from our research, the AI showing up in phones, in any of the phones, especially the flagship models, is impacting the RF section in kind of an unforeseen way in that you are obviously not participating in the machine learning part of it, but to make room for batteries, make room for more processing, and to squeeze the battery consumption in the footprint, it sounds like especially your flagship customers are starting to turn the screws to the RF guys to get smaller packaging. So even if the performance doesn't change, it sounds like the packaging is, which is already quite difficult, is going to get substantially more. So what impact do you expect this to have, generally speaking, on revenue in flagship phones? And will it occur in 2025 or we have to wait to 2026 to start seeing these results? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes, Ed, great question. I'm glad you asked. So, as you know, if we think about the mobile phone today, which we can't live without. Right? Everybody needs it. So much activity on that device and it's an incredible, incredible product. But when you start to go into Generative AI, as you know, the compute power is going to be so, so high, the current consumption, all of that action is going to burn up your battery. So you've got to step up into a new set of solutions that we're working on right now that will be more power efficient that will be mark-to-market around mobility, but with Gen AI right in this rife zone. So we're really excited with that and we've been talking to the larger customers and players with that as well. We have the toolbox to create unique solutions across multiple customer sets. But if you think about it, the technology burden there is going to be so high. The amount of data back and forth from the handheld to the server is going to be immense. It's going to be very, very difficult. So I think it's going to narrow down the playing field in mobile for customers that you see, and then opportunities at Skyworks to really work with the best and brightest in our space to create elegant new solutions. So we're really looking forward to that and more to come.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Karl Ackerman with BMP Paribas. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, thank you. I realize you've been moderating CapEx following a significant investment year in 2022, but CapEx is also down over 50% in the first half of 2024 relative to last year. And so I was curious, Kris, if you could give an updated view on your CapEx this year and how do we reconcile that outlook with your longer-term opportunities that you discussed in broad markets as well as 5G handsets?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Karl, we've talked about that before. We had multiple years where CapEx was running in the 10%, 11%, 12% to revenue, where we build out our manufacturing assets, especially our filter operation, adding substantial amount of capacity, but also in our back end operation where we do very complex integration, assembly and test. So those heavy CapEx years are behind us. We are now focusing more on driving efficiency, yield improvements, test time reductions, die shrinks, and we are creating additional capacity in doing so and focusing on those operational improvements. In addition to that, as you know, revenue has been down year-over-year, so we do have underutilized factories right now. We can substantially grow the revenue without having to add a lot more CapEx. There will always be some CapEx because we need to continue to advance our technology, advance our product roadmaps, and that will require some level of technology driven CapEx. But it's going to remain for many, many years here in the low single digits as a percent to revenue, and that will continue to fuel a very strong free cash flow.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, I appreciate that. If I may sneak in another one, Kris you also mentioned about an expansion of gross margins in the second half. It sounds like broad markets is improving throughout the second half. It also sounds like gross margins have troughed in the March quarter. But perhaps could you just discuss some ways to which you can improve margins in the mobile business as volumes come back and perhaps could we also see 50% margins over the next couple of quarters and any thoughts on timing of that? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes Karl, so we did 45 in March. We guided up 100 basis points at the midpoint of the guidance range for June. We also said in the prepared remarks that we continue to see further gross margins improvements in the remainder of 2024 and beyond. And the three key drivers, which is applicable to our broad markets as well as to our mobile business is driving cost reductions internally as well as externally with all the suppliers that we have. I already indicated that in my previous answer, yield improvements, test time reductions, overall cost reductions, and we are making good progress and we actually can do a lot more and the teams are working really hard on that. The second element, as you indicated, yes broad markets has above average gross margin compared to mobile and so we have a little bit of a mixed tailwind there as well. And then thirdly, it's factory utilization. Keep in mind that we have been drastically reducing our internal inventory for five quarters in a row by now and so we are, I'm comfortable with where inventory levels are right now, so that is no longer going to be a headwind as well. And so as revenue will start growing here and no longer inventory reductions, we will start seeing improvements in factory utilization. And a combination of all of that gives me confidence that gross margins will continue to improve from here.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Two parter here for Chris. In the March quarter could you give the percentage of revenue for your largest customer? And then just kind of following up on your comments related to March, you talked about some inventory work done at the customer. Could you to your best of your knowledge, try to describe whether that's existing inventory that's related to the current phone or do you think that is early stages of potentially working down the socket that may be associated with the next phone as well? Are they separate issues or could they potentially be related?
Kris Sennesael: No, it's all related to the current phone. We are not shipping for the next launch yet, so this is all related to the current phone. The large customer was approximately 68% of total revenue in the March quarter. That was down 19% sequentially, which is somewhat in line with normal seasonality. It was down 3% year-over-year. But as I indicated, we probably built up a little bit of inventory in the channel.
Thomas O'Malley: Helpful and then just trying to parse out the pieces for June, you're kind of saying that mobile is down 20% to 25%. Even if you set kind of your largest customer in that range, you still need to see double digit declines on the Android side. So could you maybe describe what's happening in the Android business? I think some of your peers had talked about maybe a weaker Q2, but what are you seeing with those customers there? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, our Android business has been stabilizing. So it's approaching $100 million a quarter. All our Android, which is Google, Samsung, and the China players, it has been stabilizing. Obviously there is some seasonality into that business. And yes, June is a little bit of a weaker seasonality in that business, but overall it has been stabilizing. The inventory correction is over. We are making some good traction with design wins that as end customer demand will continue to improve over time, new design wins roll in, we do expect that business to contribute to some nice year-over-year growth in the next four, eight quarters here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ruben Roy with Stifel. Your line is open.
Ruben Roy: Yes, thank you. Liam, I want to switch over to broad markets and just talk about sort of how you're seeing things. Great to see the bottom in December and the modest growth in March and the outlook for June, but relative to 90 days ago, how would you kind of characterize the recovery? Are you still sort of thinking incremental growth quarterly or has anything changed with inventory levels in some of the markets? The data points around auto and industrial have been mixed. So maybe just if you could talk us through the big buckets, IoT, auto, industrial and common infrastructure, that would be helpful?
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. So there's a lot of opportunity and growth that we're seeing in the broad markets. We've been doing a great job with the automotive segments, a lot of technology there, a lot of opportunity. We're growing that business. We continue to look at other players in the space doing quite well. Industrial markets are coming up for us right now. Solar markets are coming up. We're seeing some good action in PlayStation as well. So we've got kind of a consumer play there, but a lot of volume and a lot of content. So the portfolio is growing, it's diversifying and there's a lot more opportunity out there. We've been kind of focused more on some of the bigger names, but now we start to see a longer roster of opportunities that we can capture. And also just some of the technologies that we brought in from our MSSX lab deal is giving us more green shoots and opportunities as we look long.
Ruben Roy: Thanks for that, Liam. I guess just a quick follow-up just on the inventory levels around those buckets. Have they improved to kind of where you thought they would or have any of the big buckets been a little bit slower or not?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, it depends on which part of the broad markets you are looking at. If you look more at the consumer IoT, the edge IoT connectivity products, that has been improving for many quarters now. I think that market is getting stronger. We obviously have some strong technology transfer that is going on as we upgrade to Wi-Fi 6E, and 7 and bookings has been improving with a book-to-bill above one in that part of the market. When you look at infrastructure networking data center, that market has been, as you probably have heard from peers and competitors, a little bit soft. There is some inventory that needs to be cleared out. So we are under-shipping natural demand right now. It's going to take a couple of quarters for that business to really bounce back and in the meantime we have to clear out the inventory. And then automotive and industrial there again you've heard from peers and competitors, there is definitely in certain spots, some excess inventory that needs to be flushed out. Again for Skyworks, we're doing real reasonably well in that market, given just the product cycle, the ramp of connectivity in the car, the ramp with our power isolation for EV, we're doing well with our radio processor in the car. And so we are bucking the trend there a little bit in a tough environment.
Ruben Roy: I appreciate the detail, Kris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Amaan here jumping in for Tim. I just want to ask, what was the China mobile revenue, China as a percentage of total mobile revenue and what is your expectation for that business going forward? As you know, sell through at certain China OEMs appears to be bouncing back. So how should we think about the trajectory of that going forward? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Our China mobile revenue is still de minimis. It has been improving quarter after quarter, but still on a relatively low level. I mean, we have great relationship with Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, the three main players there. Design win momentum is picking up a little bit, but the overall end customer demand environment is still somewhat soft. I think that's the best way to characterize that. But again, I think over time, especially when I'm looking forward to fiscal 2025, we do expect to see some meaningful year-over-year growth in that business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Peng with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Peter Peng: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. On the Android point, you talked about it approaching $100 million. I believe your previous peak was kind of closer to $200 million per quarter. As you kind of look out into 2025 and 2026, is there anything that precludes you to getting back to those kind of levels?
Kris Sennesael: I think it's going to be difficult to get back to the highest peaks that we have seen in the past because that was overdrive. Remember, that was in the COVID years where all customers were screaming to get more parts and then they ended up with a lot of excess inventory that took more than a year to burn off. But directionally, yes. I mean, it's at $100 million. I mean, we want to get back to $125 million or $150 million, $200 million. And we are focused on that. We do have the technology. We are adding more resources in terms of product development to go after those opportunities. And as end customer demand improves and the design wins roll in, we will see some really good revenue growth in those segments.
Liam Griffin: And I'll just jump in on that. If you think about where we are with Android, we've got really strong engagement with Google and Samsung, high end players, a lot of volume. So it's not so much the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi for us, but it's more around the Samsung and Google players that right now are ramping very well.
Peter Peng: Got it. And I have a problem on the broad market. So you have one out of the three segments that's actually bottoming and recovering and your still -- the implicit growth rate is 4%. So as we kind of look into the back half of the year, as things kind of -- inventory adjustment abate in the other two segments, should we kind of be expecting more of an accelerating sequential growth as we move through the year?
Kris Sennesael: Absolutely, absolutely. So currently it's only modest. Like in March it was 1% sequentially. In June we expect 2%, 3% sequentially, but then as we look out in the next couple of quarters, we do and expect an acceleration of that sequential growth getting back to initially modest year-over-year growth, but then translating into strong double digit year-over-year growth in our broad markets business.
Peter Peng: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cody Acree with The Benchmark Company. Your line is open.
Cody Acree: Yes, thanks, guys, for taking my question. You didn't mention Huawei in your specific comments around China. I guess like any comments on that OEM, given their success in that market?
Liam Griffin: Yes, we're still not engaged with Huawei. But again, we will work the Android markets with some of the other players that we talked about. So but Huawei for now, I think, has really been kind of on the bench.
Cody Acree: Is there any specific reason for that?
Liam Griffin: Well, there are still just a couple things. I mean the product quality there that we look at is just not really up to, that's not for us, and still just very difficult environment in that marketplace.
Cody Acree: Okay. And then I guess just lastly, any further comment on your AI comments in prepared remarks about content and dollar content opportunities in both, in addition to just unit volume replacement cycles, any framework of how you expect those dollar content increases to layer in as we're just now starting to get any kind of real Gen AI unit volumes across the channel?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Great question. So, if you actually think about it right now, we've been really long in the tooth here with upgrades across the board in mobile, across the whole market. So without AI, the market is, we believe is going to inflect with resurgence of growth in terms of units. That's one part. But when you get into the AI side, we talked about it a little bit earlier, we're going to need to do some tremendous things in the smartphone world to actually catalyze what AI needs to do. There's going to be upgrades in servers, there's going to be upgrades on the device, and it's going to drive tremendous power. And power is really, really important. When you think about data center, you hear all these things from Nvidia. They're powered. They're powered to a server. Mobile is mobile or untethered. So the burden on technology in the smartphone world is really going to go up and it's going to narrow the playing field. And I love our chances. We've got a great business. We've got in-house technologies, great engineering, a long, long live set of solutions and know how that we built over the years. So we're really looking forward to it. I think we talked about it already. The smartphone market today already is kind of slowed down. It's turned for an upgrade right now. So the intersection between AI and smartphone growth could be really special. So we're looking forward to it. We have a lot of the key building blocks and our engineering teams know exactly what to do to turn this on. So we're definitely anticipating some upside here.
Cody Acree: Liam, thanks for that. I guess just further that though, are there specific areas of the front end module that you expect to benefit more in the short-term as processing rates are going higher, as connectivity demands are increased? Is it more a thermal issue? Is it more a transferability or switching or intended tuning for that matter?
Liam Griffin: Yes, I mean, there are more paths, uplink and downlink. You got carrier aggregation here, better filters that we do in-house, engaging in with Wi-Fi as well. And there's also going to be a range of new frequency bands as you move forward into those devices, so there's a lot to do. And just that technology alone is going to be amazing. But also the smartphone opportunity today with all those legacy phones that want to turn over to a new upgrade, I think are all going to come together, so we're looking forward to that. We're doing the technical work to make it happen, and we'll keep you posted.
Cody Acree: All right, great. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Quinn Bolton: Hey Liam and Kris, thanks for taking my question. I guess, I wanted to start; you opened the call kind of talking about the slower demand environment in March and April that's led to this inventory correction in the June quarter. But I guess I'm, I haven't heard you guys say that you've necessarily seen the end of that demand softness. And so what signals are you looking for? Have you already seen that give you confidence that this inventory correction is going to be limited to only the June quarter? Are you starting to see demand signals strengthen as you look past the June quarter?
Kris Sennesael: And, Quinn, so this is not a major, major correction, right? This is just some softer than expected demand that we see. We're not talking here about a huge major correction. And again, based on customer forecasts and our own intelligence about what's going on into the market, we think that we'll be mostly flushed out in the June quarter and in the guide that we provided for the June.
Quinn Bolton: Okay, so it sounds like the forecast from customers that lead you to believe it's largely limited to the June quarter.
Kris Sennesael: That's correct. Yes.
Quinn Bolton: Understood. And then I know it's sensitive, but just coming back to the socket loss at the large customer, it sounds like your think this may be sort of a near-term commercial issue. But I guess I just wanted to ask, do you think there's any read throughs from this that might signal a move to sort of a multi-sourcing strategy at that customer where they're looking to bring in additional suppliers across all sockets just for supplier diversity reasons or again, do you think it's kind of more limited to one year, one socket?
Liam Griffin: Oh, yes. It's one year, one socket, for sure and we have very, very good eyes on that. Like I said, we'll wrap it up, but the product in question, we know how to make, and we look forward to continuing to deliver that and others as we go forward, so we appreciate that.
Quinn Bolton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Liam for closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We will look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Raji Gill, Vice President, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Gill, please go ahead.
Raji Gill: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' first fiscal quarter 2024 conference call. With me today is Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President; and Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed from the Investor Relation section of the company website at skyworksinc.com. In addition, the company's prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after the conclusion during the call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Raji, and welcome everyone. Skyworks continued to execute well during the first fiscal quarter of 2024 despite a volatile macroeconomic environment. We delivered revenue of $1.202 billion. We posted earnings per share of a $1.97, and generated $775 million of operating cash flow. Free cash flow was also a record at $753 million or a 63% free cash flow margin, which reflects strong working capital management and moderating CapEx intensity. Let's review both near and long-term secular trends in our end markets. After two challenging years across Android ecosystems, we see signs that the industry is stabilizing. Excess supply conditions are abating and inventory levels in the distribution channel and at the OEM level are normalizing. Customers are starting to restock inventory, albeit gradually as supply and demand dynamics improve and new phones are introduced into the market. Moreover, we've made strategic investments in product development, positioning us to compete for design wins and share gains focusing on highly integrated platforms for the leading mobile OEMs. We are pleased with our competitive positioning and technology roadmap and are poised to return to growth when the markets recover. Within broad markets, we see crosscurrents, but many factors are moving in the right direction. In consumer IoT, we believe that we are past the bottom, as inventory levels in the channel have normalized and demand signals are improving. Furthermore, we are executing on the upgrade cycle to WiFi 6E and 7. We see significant design win momentum across our retail, carrier, and enterprise channels. These systems carry substantially higher dollar content, because of the addition of the new 6 gigahertz band and the inclusion of BAW filtering technology. We expect wireless infrastructure and traditional data center will remain a headwind throughout 2024, as OEMs continue to digest excess inventory. Despite this, we remain bullish on several new product cycles, including major design wins in ethernet for high bandwidth networks and 400-gig and 800-gig optical module upgrades. Lastly, automotive and industrial markets are experiencing a near-term inventory correction. However, we see opportunities for growth in our automotive business driven by higher adoption rates of connectivity in the vehicle, along with growing EV penetration, driving demand for our power isolation products. Taken together, we anticipate December quarter represents the bottom in the broad markets business. There are several long-term secular growth dynamics that leverage our differentiated technology, including the proliferation of intelligent edge connected IoT devices, automotive, electrification and advanced safety systems, and AI enabled workloads, driving cloud and data center upgrades. Each of these trends require intricate connectivity engines underlying the need for speed, ultra reliable low latency performance. In addition, 5G technology is expanding beyond the smartphone into more use cases in broad markets, including private cellular networks in factories and stadiums, customer premise equipment supporting Verizon and T-Mobile and multi-band, automotive, telematics, and wearables to name a few. We also remain bullish on the long-term RF content story in smartphones, coupled with growing 5G penetration, we see increasing levels of complexity and content with each new generation. For example, 5G Advanced is driving higher RF content, including the addition of satellite bands 4x4 MIMO on the downlink and uplink, higher bandwidth, more carrier aggregation, upgrades to WiFi and GPS and other innovations. Lastly, we are energized about the prospect of generative AI migrating to the smartphone, sparking a potential major upgrade cycle, as the performance bar rises every year to support AI enabled phones, the complexity requirements of RF will continue to increase driving the need for more integration, lower power consumption, smaller footprint, and spectral efficiency. 5G is the ideal standard for on-device AI applications as it takes advantage of lower latency, faster transmission speeds and higher frequency ranges. In addition, AI enabled workloads are driving demand for high speed connectivity for data intensive infrastructure and cloud upgrades, accelerating the demand for our high precision timing products. Turning to our quarterly business highlights, we secured several design wins in infrastructure, including optical transport products with a major operator in India, and timing devices for 5G small cells for private networks. We expanded the WiFi design pipeline with Cisco's enterprise access points, Linksys tri-band mesh router, and TP-link’s tri-band gaming router. We increased design win momentum in automotive, including telematics, infotainment systems, and onboard chargers across the leading OEMs. Lastly, in emerging IoT, we delivered next-generation smart energy solutions with Google's Nest temperature sensors and introns residential gas meters. In summary, Skyworks delivered solid financial results despite a challenging macro environment. Our strong balance sheet, record cash flow and profitability reflect our resilient business model, diverse customer base, and technology scale. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q2 of fiscal 2024.
Kris Sennesael : Thanks, Liam. Skyworks’ revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.202 billion, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 71% of total revenue, an increase of 7% sequentially, as we supported the ramp of new high-performance solutions at our largest customer. Android-related revenue with Google, Samsung and the Chinese OEMs grew modestly sequentially. Broad markets were approximately 29% of total revenue, down 18% sequentially, mostly driven by some specific inventory corrections in wireless infrastructure, automotive and industrial. Gross profit was $557 million, with gross margin at 46.4%, in line with expectations. Gross margin was down 70 basis points sequentially, driven by an unfavorable mix shift, resulting from lower broad markets revenue. Also, during Q1, we reduced our internal inventory by $193 million to $927 million, well below our target of $1 billion. Operating expenses were $191 million, below the low end of the guidance range, given our ongoing focus on managing discretionary expenses, while continuing to invest in our technology and product roadmaps. We generated $366 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 30.4%. We incurred $7 million of other expense, and our effective tax rate was 11.7%, driving net income of $317 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.97, which is $0.02 above the guidance that we provided during the last earnings call. Skyworks’ business model continues to generate very strong cash flow. First fiscal quarter cash flow from operations increased to an all-time record of $775 million. Capital expenditures were reduced to $22 million or less than 2% of revenue, resulting in an all-time record free cash flow of $753 million or 63% free cash flow margin. Strong profitability, combined with great working capital management and lowering the CapEx intensity of the business, drove the record cash flow numbers. Also, during fiscal Q1, we paid $109 million in dividends, and repaid the remaining $300 million on our term loan. We ended the quarter with over $1 billion in cash and investments, and $1 billion in debt, creating a net positive cash position, and an optimal capital structure, providing us with superior flexibility and optionality. Now, let’s move on to our outlook for Q2 of fiscal 2024. We anticipate revenue between $1.020 billion to $1.070 billion. We expect our mobile business to be seasonally down, consistent with historical patterns, while in broad markets, we anticipate modest growth off the December bottom, as inventory levels are normalizing in certain end markets. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 45% to 46%, reflecting our seasonally weakest period of the year. We anticipate margin expansion during the remainder of 2024, benefiting from our disciplined management of our manufacturing and operational cost structure, both internal and external, along with higher factory utilization rates. We will also benefit from a favorable mix shift as our broad markets business recovers and accelerates. We expect operating expenses in the range of $193 million to $197 million as we continue to make strategic investments in mobile and broad markets to drive share gains and increased diversification. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $4 million in other expense and an effective tax rate of 11.5% and a diluted share count of approximately 161 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.045 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.52. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Matt Ramsey with TD Cowen.
Matt Ramsay: Liam, I wanted to ask a bit about the broad markets trends and it's obviously as the name implies, a diverse business. I was pleasantly, but I was a little bit surprised at the commentary that you had visibility for that business to be up so quickly, I guess, in March, it's been an inventory correction that's lasted a bit longer. And some of your peers and in other companies, and we've seen industrial maybe get a little bit worse. So I mean, if you could maybe expand -- I know you did some in the prepared script, but if you could expand a little bit on maybe some of the individual end market trends you're seeing in broad markets. And maybe what the pace of this potential recovery starting from March and through the rest of the year could look like coming off the bottom?
Liam Griffin : Sure. Sure. Absolutely. One of the interesting things here with our broad markets business is that there's so many opportunities that we haven't yet scaled. So if we look at the business unlike some of the other mobile markets that are well defined and there's still great opportunities. We look at the broad markets as more of an open-ended play for us. We're leveraging the technologies that we know how to work with. We have a great set of customers and that continues to grow and expand. But yes, I mean, the team has done a really good job. This has been a tough year across the landscape across semis. We're happy to deliver some positive results here today, and we do think there's a turn. Again, in that portfolio, it's very diverse. And mobile is a part of it, but the lion's share is really diversified products. With some really great names as well. And most of those broad market companies, we have low share. There's still a tremendous amount of room to grow within those accounts. So I think those are some of the themes. We've been working on this for quite a while. And finally putting up some meaningful top line, leveraging that broad markets business. The other thing, we continue to remind our customers and even the investors, a lot of the stuff we do in-house. So we're able to craft and curate specialty products. We have our own fabs. We do things a little bit differently, and I think that helps our outcome.
Matt Ramsay: Got it. I guess, as my follow-up, and this is going to be a thematic that we talk about in the PC market maybe this year and then into next year in the smartphone market, as you alluded to, sort of AI making its way into these products and potentially catalyzing a bit of an upgrade cycle. So I guess my question is, I mean, it's pretty straightforward for us to envision if you get air interface upgrades from 4G to 5G to what comes next, that can expand the RF TAM pretty meaningfully for your smartphone business. Are you anticipating the growth potential from AI and smartphones to be primarily a unit driver for the market and therefore, for your company? Or are there things that you guys can do in AI-enabled phones that could meaningfully change the content? Or are we sort of waiting for the next air interface before the content could possibly inflect for the TAM again?
Liam Griffin : Yes, I think it's a secular opportunity. This is a really unique period for us and in the industry. The way we look at it, you look at AI and a lot of that is really intense servers data center, and that's extremely important. Then you take it down kind of to the middle ground and then you're kind of in a different position. But getting that to mobile is going to be a challenge. It's going to be a challenge, but it will happen. The consumer wants that. The consumer wants to have that compute power in their hand. And it's not there yet, but we really believe that it will come. And I think it's going to set up the industry for a whole range of new opportunities still carrying radio frequency. So really excited about it. And again, we have the building blocks and the know-how to do really interesting things and do it account by account as well. Not everybody wants the same solution. But we really do believe that heavy compute power has got to get matched up with something in your hand. That handheld device has got to step up. It's got to grow, it's going to be more -- it's going to need to be faster, lower latency. And that's all good because those are problems that we can solve.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Chris Caso with Wolfe Research.
Chris Caso: First question is about the Android market right now. It sounds like that market has finally grown for you after several quarters of inventory correction. Can you speak to what your expectations are for that as you go through the year? I suppose at this point, the inventory correction is behind us. What's your level of optimism of getting back to more normal growth rates in that part of the business?
Liam Griffin : Yes, Chris. Yes, you're right. It's been a little bit bumpy through the ecosystem here, but we see green shoots here popping up and Android. We know how to make these products. I think there was a little bit of a soft spot there in the industry. The newer phones are coming up with a little bit more technology. We like that. And we can broaden that base. So we are going to -- in the prepared remarks, we commented on that, and you should expect more growth in the Android ecosystem as we go forward. These are products that we can execute to in the pipeline right now and give us continuing strength getting in -- going through '24 and '25.
Chris Caso: Okay. As a follow-up on gross margins, if you speak to your expectations as we proceed through the year. One thing you mentioned is it sounds like you're internal inventory was below target. Should we read that to mean utilization starts going higher? And what the effect on that will be on gross margins as we go through the year.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. So I'm really -- when you look at gross margins, right, we did 46.4% in Q1. We're still impacted there by underutilization, a little bit of a headwind from a mix point of view as well, that continues somewhat in the March quarter that we guided. But then when I look beyond the March quarter, we will see some really nice gross margin uplift in the remainder of the fiscal and the calendar year. Part of that is higher utilization because we will no longer have to focus on a reduction of inventory. That is behind us. We reduced the inventory by almost $200 million in the December quarter. There is maybe still a little bit of opportunity there, but we feel good about the inventory levels where they are right now. In addition to that, our broad markets business is going to grow faster than the mobile business. And so that gives us a little bit of mix tailwind as well. And then in addition to that, we will really benefit from all the cost reductions that we've done over the last 12 months. We really focused on taking out structural parts of the cost structure. We focused on operational efficiencies, driving yield improvements and test time reductions. And in addition to internal cost, we also start seeing some benefit from external cost. And so when you put it all together, we will see some nice gradual gross margin improvement after the March quarter.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland : I guess, first of all, in broad markets, if you can -- you had some great color as to how you break those out into kind of sub-segments. I would love to know kind of what those look like, how they're trending. And then also, you alluded to the gross margin benefits as we move through the year. I don't know if you can talk to the broad markets effect on gross margin as we move through the year.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So as it relates to broad markets, roughly 40%, 45% is IoT, more consumer IoT, right, where we provide connectivity solutions in tablets, in wearables and PCs, your home connectivity with routers and all the access points that tap into that. In that market, the inventing -- there has been an inventory correction for multiple quarters, but we are getting towards the end of the inventory correction there. In addition to that, we see strong growth in that part of the market due to an uplift in content as we transition from WiFi 6 into WiFi 6E and 7 type of solutions that has a substantially higher RF content of Skyworks inside. The next 30%, 35% is infrastructure, cloud, data center, enterprise networking. There is definitely an inventory correction going on in that part of the business that has started in the December quarter and will continue for a couple of quarters here. Nevertheless, that as well. I think in that market, we're very well-positioned with some key customers, including our timing solutions for data centers. And then the last part is 20%, 25% is automotive and industrial. There as well, I think we're well-positioned. But you've heard it from many of our peers, there is an inventory correction going on I don't think it will be a long drag-out inventory correction. It's probably December, March, two quarters of an inventory correction. And then again, we are very well-positioned in that market the connected car that eventually become an autonomous car as well as EV, where we play with our power resolution solutions. And so again, when you put it all together, December is the bottom for our broad markets. We start seeing some sequential growth in March and beyond. And as you know, yes, those markets typically have a higher gross margin compared to broad markets, and that will help us to lift the gross margin.
Christopher Rolland : You guys already talked about AI smartphones, but also you called out AI-enabled workloads driving cloud and data center upgrades. You also talked about 800-gig and this being an opportunity for you. Is that all related to your timing business from your acquisition? Or are there other ways that you're leveraging infrastructure around AI as well?
Liam Griffin : Yes, largely through the infrastructure business that we have and some of the technology that we brought forth in our Silicon Labs deal, that's driving new vectors for us in the industrial markets and the data center markets, and it's a really vibrant growth source for us, and there's a lot of room to grow there as well. So lots more to do, but we've been making some great progress in that area.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: I'd like to touch on, if we could, later this year, especially in mobile, it seems pretty clear at this point, given your largest customer scrambled to get their thing done by 2025 that most all attention on that and that we're going to have kind of a -- I don't know the best way to put it, but basically, kind of on hold -- not on hold, but a repeat of what we've seen before, nothing -- not much new in the new one and the competition scrip. So basically, I would expect in the fall, you're going to see more competition or you already know it now. Sure Qualcomm going to talk about a lot on Wednesday. So I'm trying to get a feel for the profile of your mobile business in the second half of the year. It sounds like it might be weaker than we normally since Qualcomm share got to come out of somebody. If you could maybe characterize or just without getting into too much detail about what should we look at in terms of the mix in the second half you're already talking about broad markets being much stronger. The mobile by implication is going to be a little bit weaker. And is that mostly just organic growth? Or is there going to be some share loss? Or how do we think about that? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Liam Griffin : Yes. Well, of course, Ed, we're deeply engaged with mobile in all angles, right? So we have a broad set of technologies that are applicable to multiple customers, including the largest. And that's our craft. That's the largest part of our portfolio. We're growing across other markets, but certainly the know-how that we have in RF, the ability to do things in-house, as you know, and the vectors that we put forth to drive this company. So we're all over it at every angle, and we're continuing to work on market share and new innovations. Delighting our customers, over current consumption, expanding the reach, doing a little bit more in the Android markets that we've kind of hinted around that. We're going to continue to execute there and still drive the best performance solutions that we can.
Edward Snyder: Okay. Maybe I could follow up with a different angle here. You're going to grow in Android, you've kind of been under-earning there for several years. I think on purpose because you've done very well outside of that market. R&D is going up to in order to address the products yet because it's a different product market. But margins typically are lower in that whole market. Competition is a lot more intense one, should we expect to see revenue growth in the second half? It's a little early, but revenue growth the second half of the year, whether it's on an inventory snapback or new product wins in Android try to take up some of that slack. And then, Kris, maybe you could articulate how that -- how you're going to offset the margin, the natural margin dilution of Android over, say, the U.S. customer and then, of course, all mobile dilution against broad markets in the second half, if you could, please.
Liam Griffin : Yes. So yes, we're with you on that. So there's a lot of opportunity for us to be more aggressive across the Android ecosystem. It's not just China. You get names like Google and Samsung, they are tremendous opportunities that we can drive. We're built for this kind of stuff. And we have an end-to-end process that we continue to improve and refine at every turn. It helps our customers. It helps our gross margin our utilization. We have incredible factories, homegrown stuff that we have here in Irvine that really, really is the solution of choice as far as I know, with our technology know-how and the ability to be flexible and customizable to each account. And I think that's an asset for us, and I think we'll continue to drive that portfolio. .
Kris Sennesael: Yes, as it relates to gross margin, the gross margin profile of our mobile customers is on or about the same. And part of that is because now we are somewhat selective. We are not sliding down in the mid or low end of the market. We stay at the high end. We stay at the high-performance part. And in that part of the market, you compete based on performance. It's not a price competition. You compete based on performance. And again, that's why gross margins are somewhat the same in -- with all the customers in that segment.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: I want to start with a quick housekeeping question. What was the mix of revenue from your largest customer in the quarter?
Kris Sennesael: The largest customer was approximately 73% of total revenue which is high, obviously, because the December quarter is the top quarter with the largest customer. And given that the broad markets was bottoming out in December, you get to on or about 73%. Obviously, when you look forward on full year basis or even in March, it will be well below the 73%.
Gary Mobley: I want to ask Ed's previous question and perhaps a more direct way. Doing the math, it would indicate that your Android-related mobile customers are trending now at about a $400 million annualized rate or at least that was the case for the December quarter. But in the past, fiscal year '22, I believe that level is closer to $800 million. And so my question is, if we see a rebound in the Android market. And based on your design win footprint that you currently have today, can we expect that segment of your business to bounce back to the previous level?
Liam Griffin : Yes, absolutely. We've got, as I said, a lot of opportunity to go harder and stronger and more direct on the Android ecosystem. We absolutely have technology to make it work. We have the scale manufacturing scale and know how to get it done. So yes, I mean, it's certainly a play for us there, and I think we'll take advantage.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas.
Karl Ackerman: Two questions, if I may. On mobile, your largest customer is down on a seasonal basis in March. But at the same time, given your improving execution within Android, does Android grow sequentially in March? How do we think about that within mobile, please? And I have a follow-up.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Android is kind of flattish, slightly up into March.
Karl Ackerman: Got it. At the same time, I do want to touch on mobile. One more time. It's been asked in several different ways, but I guess I'll try it again. You are less tied to China MPRS. But are you seeing any changes to the competitive landscape in China. I ask because there are anecdotes supporting China RF suppliers winning content in low band saw and TC-SAW. But at the same time, as you indicated earlier, Kris, you're not necessarily competing in that particular on the market. So if you can just highlight the committed landscape and what you're seeing in China that would be very helpful.
Liam Griffin : Yes. I mean the OVX players, we do some reasonable business there. We could probably do a little bit more on the Android side, but we really don't step down much further there. We're not in the low end at all. We could be, but I think we generate a better outcome for our customers and our shareholders to drive that mid and high end. So it's something we can do. But I think the way our business runs, I think, we're more accretive as a company going down the playbook that we have today.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Blake Friedman: This is Blake Friedman on for Vivek. I just wanted to focus on OpEx, it seems spending has returned to levels seen prior to the industry downturn. So I was curious how we should think about the trajectory of OpEx for the remainder of the year.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So as it relates to OpEx, I think we did a good job in the December quarter at $191 million we are guiding with a little step-up in March to $195 million. Keep in mind that this is the start of a new calendar year. And so you get a reset of the social charges and some of that, that kicks in. In addition to that, we are going to continue to invest in our technology and product road maps. We feel good about our position with our mobile players. As Liam articulated, we have plenty of opportunity in our broad markets. And we're going to continue to invest. Now we're going to do it the Skyworks way. We focus on efficiency, effectiveness. We're not wasting any dollars here. And so -- but yes, we're going to continue to invest. And so OpEx will continue to gradually move up in the remainder of the fiscal and calendar year.
Blake Friedman: Got it. And then kind of quickly circling back on some of your comments. I know the broad markets business is a key initiative for Skyworks. And just with the business kind of returning to this cash positive level and generating pretty strong cash flow from here. Just curious how you think about M&A and anything in particular you guys would look to add to the broad markets assets?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. First of all, the cash flow is outstanding, and it's definitely something that we focus on. And so we generate a ton of cash. As you have seen in the last couple of quarters, we have used that cash flow. Of course, we continue to invest in the business. We pay our dividends every quarter. And we have been paying off the term loan that, as you probably know, had a variable interest rate and was getting a little expensive there. But we are done with that. And so now, again, looking forward, we have -- we will continue to drive a very strong free cash flow. It's not going to be every quarter 63%. We feel we have a sustainable plus 30% free cash flow margin on a fiscal or calendar year basis. But that's generating a lot of cash. And of course, we want to put that cash to work we have optionality. We can switch on the buybacks or we can be active from an M&A point of view. And as you know, we -- yes, we focus on becoming a more diverse company despite the fact that we like the mobile business, but we focus on becoming a more diverse company in part through organic investments in that business but we have the optionality to accelerate through M&A, and we're working that.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line Thomas O'Malley with Barclays.
Thomas O'Malley: I just wanted to understand the underutilization charges into the March quarter. Obviously, gross margin being guided down slightly. But you're seeing broad market step-up. So that mix should help you. Where are you seeing more of those underutilization charges? Are those as a percentage basis coming more on the mobile side or more on the broad market side?
Kris Sennesael: So no, it's not really tied to one of the businesses. But we have been bringing down the utilization of our factories in part because the revenue is down year-over-year, but also because we have been focusing on driving down the inventory, right? We are taking our medicine now. We're not just building inventory to protect the gross margin. Now it takes a little bit of time for those underutilization charges to hit the P&L. It goes through an inventory cycle, right? That's why you continue to see slightly down gross margins on a sequential basis into the March quarter. But again, we have confidence that March is the bottom in terms of gross margin, and you will start seeing gradual improvements after the March quarter.
Thomas O'Malley: Helpful. And then just on the moving pieces for the back half of the fiscal year. It sounds like Android is getting better typical seasonality on the -- on your largest customer side in mobile. But I just want to get a feel for what you guys kind of are looking at in terms of the reacceleration of broad markets. If you look at March for your guidance, up slightly. You're still down 20% year-over-year. Do you think that kind of exiting your fiscal year, are you looking to kind of be growing year-over-year? Or just can you give us any kind of color on the pace of recovery there just because I know things are improving, but just how quickly is something that I think is a little more difficult to wrap our heads around.
Liam Griffin : Yes, sure. There's a lot there, but I think I get your point. So we definitely believe there's going to be more acceleration in revenue in the broad markets. We have a roster of incredible companies that we're serving right now for Cisco to Ford, Daimler, Nest, we talked about before Google Company. It's a very diverse set of products and customers in the broad markets portfolio, and that's what we like. Each one has their own vector. And we're continuing to nurture that and grow into that. And it also have a great opportunity on the sales side because we do have quite a bit of revenue in mobile. But the number of accounts that we haven't served yet is still very, very high, and that's a great opportunity for us to go after.
Operator: And our last question in queue coming from the line of Quinn Bolton with Needham.
Quinn Bolton: It’s been a couple of questions on the call that seem to be alluding to perhaps you guys may be losing content at your largest customer in the second half of the year. And I haven't heard you guys specifically address that. Can you give us any thoughts as you look into the second half, how you're feeling content-wise at that largest customer? And then I've got a follow-on for Kris on the gross margins.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I think we have a great position with our largest customer. Nothing really is concerning on that point. I mean we know exactly who we are and who they are, and we have great partnerships and will continue to drive success.
Quinn Bolton: Okay. And then for Kris, you've kind of talked about the gross margin drivers. Potentially pretty quick recovery post the March bottom. I'm just kind of curious. Is there -- can you give us any sense how quickly can you get back to 50%? Is that something you think you can do in the calendar year ‘24? And does it require you to get to a certain revenue level to get rid of some of those underutilization charges or are things like product mix, a much bigger factor as well as the cost reductions you've taken to getting back to that 50%, so it tends to be maybe a little bit less driven by a certain revenue level? Just what's the best way to think about getting back to 50%?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. I mean, we guide only one quarter at a time, and there's a reason for it, right? There's a lot of puts and takes that go into the equation. But again, we have confidence that March, 45%, 46% guide is the bottom. We will start seeing gradual improvement from there. We obviously want to get as fast as we can back to the 50%, right? And then once we get back to the 50%, we're not going to stop there. Our long-term target model calls for 53% gross margin, and we believe we can do that. There is no structural impairments in the business that will prevent us that. But obviously, yes, we need revenue growth and we need to get better factory utilization that in combination with all the cost efficiencies internally and externally that we have been working on and will continue to work on, right. Keep the conviction that we will get back to the 50% in a reasonable amount of time. And then we're going to keep driving it towards our target normal of 53%, but we'll provide an update on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for joining. Look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-02 04:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Raji Gill, Vice President, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Gill, please go ahead.
Raji Gill: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' fourth fiscal quarter 2023 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President; and Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed from the Investor Relation section of the company website at @skyworksinc.com. In addition, the company's prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after the conclusion during the call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Raji, and welcome everyone. Despite macroeconomic headwinds and volatility, Skyworks executed well during the fourth fiscal quarter. We delivered revenue of $1,219 million, posted earnings per share of $2.20, and generated $366 million of operating cash flow. During fiscal 2023, free cash flow was well above $1.6 billion, which reflects our efficient business model despite a challenging macroenvironment. While excess supply conditions are modestly improving in the Android market, we continue to under ship to natural demand as the industry rebalances. Within broad markets, we see softer demand extending from consumer to certain durable sectors as customers adjust to normalize lead times and reduce excess inventory. After two years of unprecedented events due to COVID and historical supply chain shortages, the semiconductor industry is returning to a normal supply and demand balance. We are responding to these dynamics by actively managing our inventory levels, making strategic investments in growth areas, and diversifying the reach of our business. We are well positioned to capitalize when demand inflects from a technology and roadmap, manufacturing capacity and financial perspective. Over the medium to long term, we remain bullish on several sectors and trends. In our mobile business and our broad markets businesses, in mobile we see opportunities to expand RF content over the coming years. On the path to 6G, we anticipate RF content increases will be driven by additional bands, enabling satellite connectivity, growing usage of uplink carrier aggregation, further adoption of 4x4 MIMO, and other innovations in RF. Switching gears to broad markets, which accounted for approximately 37% of our total revenue in fiscal 2023. We expect to benefit from three long-term secular trends. First, the proliferation of intelligent IoT connected devices on the edge. Second, the rapid transition towards electrification and advanced safety in vehicles. And third, high speed connectivity for AI enabled data intensive infrastructure in cloud applications. Within IoT, we are excited about the upgrade cycle with Wi-Fi 6E and 7. Driving additional content as incremental higher frequency bands drive more stringent filter requirements, including the need for BAW. Wi-Fi 7 has several use cases, including 8K video screaming, immersive AR and VR, cloud gaming, industrial IoT and telemedicine. Shifting to automotive, Skyworks is well positioned to benefit from the electrification and adoption of advanced safety in vehicles. According to internal analysis and third party estimates, we expect RF automotive semiconductor TAM to reach $1 billion. Within automotive, we are focused on high growth segments and content opportunities, including power isolation chips for onboard chargers, powertrains, and battery management systems in EVs. Connectivity, such as cellular engines, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and GPS, in-vehicle infotainment systems, driven by digital radios, and lastly, ADAS solutions for autonomous driving. We have the experience and ability to execute at scale with some of the leading brands in the world. In addition, we believe AI can be a catalyst for more efficient wireless communication and could fuel the need for more complex and higher performance wireless solutions. Over time, we expect high performance smartphones will be a critical platform for advanced AI capabilities, and in turn could spark a major upgrade cycle. Furthermore, over the past two years, we've made significant investments in BAW technology and scale, which has led us to competitive differentiation. We've expanded our reach within the smartphone market, and today, nearly 50% of our mobile revenue is tied to BAW. That's more than double from last two years. Our BAW investment has also resulted in key design wins in our broad markets business, which represents more than 10% of our business. Wi-Fi 7 is a perfect example of BAW technology being a critical requirement for the new standard. Now, turning to our quarterly business highlights, we secured 5G design wins for premium Android smartphones, including Google, Samsung, and several models in the VOX ecosystem. We accelerated design wins in Wi-Fi, including NETGEAR’s Wi-Fi 7 mesh system, Linksys 6E tri-band mesh router and TP-Link’s quad-band Wi-Fi 7 router. We expanded our reach in automotive segments by winning several designs for onboard chargers, battery management systems, and digital broadcast products across the leading brands. And lastly, in emerging IoT, we enabled next-generation smart energy solutions with Trilliant and Samsara. In summary, Skyworks continues to deliver solid results despite a challenging macroenvironment. At the same time, our advanced technology and product roadmaps are aligned to long-term secular trends, further expanding and diversifying our customer base. Our strategic customer engagement, resilient business model, and experience will help us weather through this cycle's volatility. With that, I will turn the call over to Chris for discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 24.
Kris Sennesael : Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1,219 million, up 14% sequentially and slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 65% of total revenue, an increase of 25% sequentially, as we supported the ramp of new high-performance solutions at our largest customer. Broad markets were approximately 35% of total revenue, down 3% sequentially. We continue to see inventory digestion within broad markets, including consumer IoT, enterprise, and telecom infrastructure. Grosso profit was $575 million, resulting in a gross margin of 47.1%. Gross margin continued to be impacted by temporary factory underutilization as we right-sized our inventory levels. During Q4, we reduced our internal inventory by $116 million to $1,120 million. And we are on track to further reduce it below $1 billion by the end of the December quarter. Operating expense of $177 million was down 3% sequentially and down 8% year-over-year, given our ongoing focus on managing discretionary expenses. We generated $398 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 32.6%. We incurred $7 million of other expense. And our effective tax rate was 9.7%, driving net income of $353 million and diluted earnings per share of $2.20. EPS was $0.10 above the guidance that we provided during the last earnings call. Now turning to cash flow, Skyworks business model continues to deliver robust cash generation. Fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $366 million and capital expenditures were $70 million, resulting in free cash flow of $296 million. For the full fiscal year, we generated $1,856 million of cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $210 million or 4% of revenue. As a result, we delivered a record $1,646 million of free cash flow, an increase of 76% year-over-year, driving a record free cash flow margin of 34.5% and translating into approximately $10.30 of free cash flow per share and a free cash flow yield of approximately 12%. In fiscal 2023, we significantly reduced our capital expenditures in line with our business model. After major investments during prior years to expand our manufacturing footprint, including bar filtering, we expect our capital intensity to moderate. We focus on driving operational efficiencies through yield improvements, dice rings and test time reductions, creating additional available capacity. We believe we are currently well positioned from an equipment and tooling standpoint to support a demand to recovery. Also, during fiscal Q4, we paid $108 million in dividends and repaid $200 million of our term loan. In early October, we repaid $150 million of outstanding borrowings under the term loan, and we intend to pay off the remaining $150 million by yearend. Entering calendar year 2024, we are comfortable with our capital structure and debt levels of $1 billion, which provide us with superior flexibility and optionality. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2024. We anticipate revenue between $1,175 million and $1,225 million. We expect our mobile business to demonstrate momentum, while in broad markets, we expect to continue digesting excess inventory affecting our revenue outlook. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 46% to 47%, reflecting the ongoing cyclical impact of lower factory utilization, reduction of internal inventory, and an unfavorable mix shift given the lower proportion of broad markets as a percentage of total revenue. We expect operating expenses in the range of $193 million to $197 million as we continue to make strategic investments in mobile and broad markets to drive share gains and increase decertification. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $6 million in other expense and an effective tax rate of 12% for Q1, as well as full fiscal year 2024. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 161 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1,200 million, we intend to deliver diluted earnings for share of $1.95. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Caso with Wolfe Research.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good evening. I guess for the first question, if you could give some color with regard to the December quarter guidance, the prepared remark suggested that the incremental weakness was still coming from broad markets if you can give some more granular detail about what you expect from mobile and broad markets in the December quarter.
Kris Sennesael : Yes, Chris. So you have it right. We do expect in the December quarter our mobile business to be up sequentially as we continue to execute to ramp with our largest customer and as we will continue to see some further modest improvement in the Android mobile part of the business as well. On the flip side, we have our broad market business which we expect to be down sequentially as we will continue the digestion of access inventory in the channel as well as at the end customer level.
Chris Caso: That's helpful. As a follow-up, and obviously we've been going through this for a bit of a while in the mobile space, burning off inventory and I guess broad markets was affected a little bit later. Where do you think we are with regard to the inventory correction in each one of those markets particularly as we look into the March and June quarters? What's the prospect for when we can get some bottoming out here and we go back to shipping to actual real consumption?
Liam Griffin: Sure Chris, this is Liam. There's actually kind of like two dynamics there. In the mobile business we absolutely know where the dollars are and where the opportunities are and we have eyes on all that and we'll continue to drive that portfolio very strong. On the other side, the broad markets business is still a wonderful opportunity for us but unfortunately going through the semiconductor cycle and the inventory issues that we just mentioned on the call here have been a bit of a problem. Now we know how to fix it. These products are all solid but they just slow down through the channel and I think in some cases, levels of distribution and another layer between the buy and sell position can sometimes mute some of the results. So we understand it. Some of that stuff we can just handle ourselves directly and also drive more and more opportunities broadly in those markets. There's a lot of opportunity, Chris. I mean it goes way beyond what you see today. Portfolio that we've been driving with I&A business, the automotive gains. We're in data center today just a really whole different set of broad markets opportunities, but we certainly have our teams working hard to execute and demonstrate that success.
Operator: Our next question comes from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, thank you. I have two questions, please. First and foremost, if I could just narrow down on your Android opportunity. Media Tech earlier suggested that 5G units should grow double digits next year, certainly above overall smartphone unit expectations of maybe flat to up low singles next year. And I'm just curious to hear about some of the expanding opportunities you have with China Android OEMs. I mean, you kind of mentioned how that is picking up in the December quarter and I think going forward for you. So at the same time, Huawei I think is also coming back in the market. So I wanted to hear your perspective on what is your opportunity in China Android near-term, both in the summer quarter and then, secondarily, how does Huawei impact your TAM opportunity for the China Android ecosystem, both near-term and perhaps in calendar ‘24? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes, sure. A little bit to unpack here. Clearly, we know the players. We know the landscape in China. Very familiar with the VOX ecosystem and great opportunities for us to continue to grow. Although, we've been conservative in that area because of the risks of inventory glut. And as you know, we've been running really lean. So there's no downside there. As we start to go further. You have opportunities that can continue to grow. A lot of these handsets in China have a lot of upside ability to drive more content and more benefits for the user. Those products are still sub-scaled vis-à-vis a US-type product. So the appetite for the China consumers to get more technology, to have higher speeds and data rates and more efficiency in their solution. So that can come through VOX, of course. But don't forget big players like Google and Samsung, really strong Android players that create a nice buffer from us with our larger customers. So it's a really good mix and as you know about our business, we're very flexible. We don't sell one part to everyone. It's very, very unique engagements. I think that's a signature for Skyworks. But always room to grow from here and we are starting to see, I think, light in the tunnel I would say in the VOX channel. And with Huawei, I don't think that that's a big issue. We can certainly deliver product that's better than Huawei right now, but it's not really where we want to be as a company. And I think the technology is really lagged for Huawei to reengage. But we've got a lot of opportunity in front of us that we can execute and deliver.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Thanks, Liam. Kris, perhaps a question for you. You talked about the significant amount of free cash with the generation that you had just this upcoming this most recent quarter. Are you taking a step back? How are you and the management team thinking about M&A, longer term, just given the fact that valuations have come down across the space, in areas within your broad markets business. Just any commentary on that would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael : Yes, Karl, first of all, you're absolutely right. I mean, we have very strong free cash flow. The good news there is that it's sustainable. So for many years to come, we target a free cash flow well above 30%. In addition to that, we have a clean balance sheet, right? By year end, the debt will be on or about $1 billion with on or about $1 billion of cash. And so we have a clean balance sheet. We continue to generate a ton of free cash flow. That gives us a ton of optionality, right. And so on one hand, of course, we will continue to invest in our organic business, making sure we invest in our technology and product roadmaps. But we also have optionality to further diversify the business. As you know, we've done a very successful transaction in 2021. We're very happy with that transaction. And so there is definitely optionality there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy with Stifel.
Ruben Roy: Yes. Hi. Thank you for letting me ask a question. Kris or Liam, I want to go back to the broad market and I think in the prepared commentary in terms of the, kind of the areas of weakness you were seeing, consumer obviously has been weak for a while and I think you mentioned a couple of other areas that weakness spreads to, but I didn't hear industrial and automotive. And so can you maybe give us a little bit of detail on what you're seeing there, what you saw there in the September quarter and how you see that playing out over the next quarter or two. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes, that's a great question and I'm glad you brought it up. We talked a little bit through the prepared remarks, but our business and automotive is actually really moving well. We're growing the portfolio. We hadn't really been in that market at all two, three, four years ago. This is another kind of nod to the Silicon Labs transaction because they were significant in that piece. We continue to do very, very well. We rattled off a number of the brands and a number of the names that are in the industry and we have design wins. We're investing aggressively. We see that as an incredible opportunity for Skyworks and we're underweight. We have the technology to win, but we're not big enough yet and so we're continuing to grow. But I would say on a ballpark level, Chris, I mean we're in hundreds of millions of dollars in terms of automotive. So it’s not, relative to the scale of Skyworks, it's not a significant piece, but on an absolute basis, it's got some real opportunity to grow and we look forward to that.
Ruben Roy: Thanks, Liam. Thanks for the detail. I guess just a quick follow-up in terms of the CapEx commentary and kind of where you sit from the utilization and capacity perspective. Can you remind us of where you ended up now? Sort of in source to outsource? I guess are you at target there? I guess that means you are at target, but can you remind us of these details around in source to outsourced certification.
Kris Sennesael : Yes, Ruben, as you know, we are a not only a developer of world-class technology, we also manufacture most of that technology in-house, and that's a key differentiator. That's how we win at our largest customers being able to secure the supply. As you know, we do all our gallium arsenide power amplifiers in-house. We do all our filters, TC SAW, N BAW, in-house, and we do most of the very complex assembly and packaging and testing in-house. Some parts of the business, like the business we've acquired from I&A, and some other parts of the business is being outsourced, but the vast majority is in-house. And again, that's a key differentiator for us. Having said that, we for many years we have done major investments, expanding our capacity footprint. Currently, we are focusing more on driving operational efficiencies into that footprint that is creating additional capacity for us. And so going forward the capital intensity will be much lower. You saw last year it was on or above 4% revenue. Going forward we expect it to be in the mid-single digits as a percent to revenue. And so we have a tremendous amount of upside there that will further drive gross margin improvements and stronger free cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Matt Myers: Hey guys, this is Matt Myers on for Chris. So you guys have talked historically about 10% annual content increases. So I was curious about how we should think about it from this past cycle. And then again looking into next year, do you think you can grow content another 10 %?
Liam Griffin: Well certainly our ambition is to continue to grow that content and diversify the level of content as well. And I think what you're going to see from Skyworks and it's already embedded in some of our numbers is diversification within mobile. So it's not going to just be one or two products as you know, but the breadth of the technology is right there for us. So we're going to continue to do that. You've already seen us demonstrate very well execution and getting into things like all acoustic wave, very, very tough technology, years and years of work, and then the scale to actually produce. So those are the kind of challenges and opportunities that we like. I know we talked a little bit about automotive already, but markets like that have a tremendous time TAM opportunity for Skyworks and we're really just scratching the surface there. So we're going to take some of that core technology and port it out into multiple applications. So it's really kind of a fungible asset and look at the pools of opportunity and revenue that we can address. And I think it's going to be a great journey for us along the way. We're learning a lot more. Our teams together are executing an outstanding way. And we're committed to growth and diversification and certainly matching the challenges with our top tier customers.
Matt Myers: Got it, that's helpful. And then on gross margins, I know you guys have had gross margins hit from lower utilizations, but curious where utilization stand now versus 90 days ago. And where do you expect them to be in the next quarter? I would assume down again, given the gross margin guide down. And how are you guys thinking about your outlook for gross margin into next year?
Kris Sennesael : I mean, the utilization of our factories is stable right now. On one hand, the demand is improving, but on the other hand, we are still further reducing our internal inventory levels. And so that will be played out by the end of December. In addition to that, as we alluded to in the prepared remarks, we have a little bit of a mixed headwind. Now with broad markets temporarily, a little bit softer due to the excess inventory. And that's why we guided slightly down in the December quarter. Looking ahead, couple quarters, obviously March and June are our seasonally slower quarters in terms of top line. And typically you see a modest reduction of gross margins during those quarters. And then beyond that, you look at the second half of the calendar year, September and December, we will start ramping up again, and you will see gradual improvements of the gross margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Arcuri with UBS.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I had two quick ones. Kris, first of all, can you talk about your largest customer as a percent of revenue in September?
Kris Sennesael : Yes, the largest customer was in September was approximately 68% of total revenue on a full year basis, it was approximately 66% of total revenue. Keep in mind that the vast majority of that is for the smartphone, but we also have great content in every other device that that customer brings to the market.
Tim Arcuri: Thank you for that. And then as a quick one, can you give us a sense, Kris, for what you consider off of this base, what you consider sort of a normal seasonal March would be? I think mobile is usually down 25% in March. Is that a reasonable number off of this base to sort of think about? I know that broad market is kind of all over the place and going through digestion, but I guess I'm just asking about, seasonality in mobile in March?
Kris Sennesael : Yes, so we're not going to guide to March, but directionally you think about it the right way, right? So, and you were referring just to mobile. This is not total Skyworks revenue, but yes, mobile is down in that 20% -25% sequentially in the March quarter from our top quarter, which is the December quarter. Yes, going normal seasonality.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. So, Liam, I mean, you're underrepresented in Android today. It happened for a while, but given the pricing for many of the modules that sell in Android, especially relative to your largest customer, why shouldn't we consider gains in the Android as an increased pressure on gross margin? Because I think it's widely understood that price competition is a bit more and performance is a bit less in the Android chain and it is at your largest customer. So, I'm just kidding. I feel we talk about diversification mobile. That's it. Then I have a follow-up.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, on the initial question, I agree with you on that. I think, as you know, and you go deep in the technology and you see what we do, and so we're very, very capable to do more. Quite frankly, the attractiveness of the portfolio at the time was pretty weak. It wasn't as compelling as some other opportunities, and we deployed our resources in different places successfully. But now, kind of taking a look at the landscape a bit, I think it's time for us to be a little bit more aggressive. We absolutely have the knowledge and the execution and the scale in our factories to do more. So it's been more of a choice, rather than a no-go from the customer. The customers won’t sense. So, I think we're going to do a little bit more work there and get a little bit more aggressive. And I think it'll be good for the company and our shareholders.
Edward Snyder: Yes, that's been our impression too. So then if I could, on your largest customer, you had fewer modules than you had last time, and I know that's not where all content is. Clearly, year-to-year, there's increases in existing modules. But we've done the chared and a lot of it, especially the largest modules, looked to be identical to last year. So one, did you see material increase in content in existing modules? If not two, I'm just trying to get a feel for where your content gains were in the latest round, and mostly to try to get a feel for what's going to happen in the future, because if you're kind of giving up a few modules to marauder, marauder mostly, I guess, why wouldn't that trend persist in the next year? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I mean, we're going to do everything we can, as we always do, to create the best answer and the best outcome for the shareholders and our customers. And that's what we always do. I mean, as you know, our business and our company, we have a very, very extended bench of opportunities and technologies and knowhow. We can do a lot of really interesting things, and we've created a lot of categories that just didn't exist. And so we'll lean on that and continue to leverage the high-class engineering talent that we have at Skyworks, the scale that we have, the customer relationships. Also, really happy to see that we're doing more outside the largest customer, great customer, but we'd like to do more with others. So the setup process is certainly going to improve. We're going through this cyclical load that we're all in, in the industry, but we look forward to executing and clicking the steps again to continue to drive the RF technology.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Liam, I don't think it's a huge surprise given what’s going on. What's so many of your peers with the industrial markets that Broad Markets is the source of the weakness. But I wanted to spend a little bit of time trying to unpack the different pieces of Broad Markets. So I would have, I mean, the timing business that you guys acquired from SLAB had wireless infrastructure and telco exposure to it. I'd be interested to hear about that, given what's going on there. There's been Tesla unit weakness and consternation about EVs in China and maybe that's turning. So there's some voltage isolation business in there. Just things that might have to do with IoT, given what's going on in some of those places. If you could just, maybe, and I'm sure I'm missing some sub segments for sure. So if you could just kind of walk through those different buckets and are there any where we're closer to the end in the beginning of the correction is what I'm trying to get at. Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, I got you, I appreciate it. And I'm going to start with, I think it's going to get better for everybody in the industry. I really think that we're getting through it. But one of the things that's interesting, and I'm really glad that you threw the question here, with Skyworks, we obviously, we have an incredible franchise built around mobile technology and adjacent technologies. We'll continue to leverage that. And we're very profitable in those markets with our scale, with our execution, and our know-how. But I'll tell you what, we have, as I said, a tremendous opportunity to take the technology knowhow that we have, the scale that we have, and go into broader markets. So the automotive right now, maybe on a macro level slow, but for us, would not that be where it's going to be a problem. So when you're really big and you're a 30%, 40% share player, and you get knocked down, it's going to hurt you. But when you're going from 5%, 10%, 15% to 20%, growing up into the markets, like automotive, you look at Skyworks three or four years ago, we wouldn't talk about cars at all. And now they're a meaningful piece. Adding the I&A business from Silicon Labs is only fueled more opportunities for us. So there's a lot of opportunities like that. We've got design wins and data Center now. Didn't have that two, three years ago. The Wi-Fi portfolios are really strong right now. I think everybody in the industry is going to recognize that Wi-Fi 7 is going to be a catalyst for significant growth, enabling a lot of broad categories from consumer to industrial. So we're really excited about that. We have the technology to do that today. So I think the difference is you've got mobile, and we all understand it, and everyone on this call probably has a really good view on that technology and that market. But when you go to the broad markets, the real broad markets, there are so many different endpoints. We're trying to pick and choose the right ones, but the good news is we're not heavily concent-, other than mobile. There's not a lot of concentration, so you are getting big diversified technology play at Skyworks with scale, with technology knowhow, with the ability to hit the fastballs with the toughest customers. We can deploy that across multiple markets. If we're doing that today, but it's a long way from now on how we can get even better. Our teams are excited about that.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much for all the perspective there. Maybe just building on some, I mean, we've been going through this correction and sort of the broader markets for a while now, and companies like yourselves have the balance sheet and the margin structure to sort of lean into it and bear it until it gets better. I imagine there are smaller competitors in lots of those diverse end markets that maybe don't have the balance sheet and the scale to get through. So, I guess my question is, how active is the M&A funnel right now? And if it's not, why isn't it?
Liam Griffin: Yes, well, it's one of those things that's off until it's on, right? So clearly, the dynamics, it feels like 10 years have happened in one, right? A lot of activity up and down, seeing some pretty wild swings with significant companies that are really strong players. So we are fortunate, and we've worked hard to get there to deliver the kind of cash performance that will put us in position to do the right kind of transactions. And as you know, at Skyworks, we're very, very picky. But I think in this case, honestly, I think there's more opportunities for M&A and the like than I've seen in a long time. This has been kind of a really interesting time in semiconductors and in other markets. And I think the stronger going to get stronger, and I think the weaker, probably not going to do as well. And I know what side we're going to be on. So it's an opportunity for us to take advantage, leverage the balance sheet, you look at the free cash flow margins that are sustainable. I mean, these aren't one quarter stats. And so yes, I mean, we will continue to be very, I will say picky, I guess, I've run some of these transactions because we know how good our company is. So but the opportunity to step up on that is definitely there.
Operator: And our last question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America.
Blake Friedman: Hi, this is Blake Friedman on for Vivek. Thanks for taking my question. One of the questions on the China smartphone market. I know in the past it's been hard to precisely nail down share. [Inaudible] So how do you make that determination in the future on how many orders to fulfill? So there no inventory issues thereafter just walking us through that process would be helpful. Thanks.
Kris Sennesael : So in the China market there is still some excess inventory, right? But as you point out, it's a complex market. There are multiple players. Some of that is for the domestic market. Some of that is for the export market. They also have flagship models all the way down to mid-level, low-level, going into 4G and 3G. Obviously, we focus mostly on the flagship level, maybe one or two steps below that, that of course translate with a potential bigger focus on their export markets. But we also of course support them in their domestic market as well. And there is still some excess inventory. It has been coming down. It's improving, our revenue for three, four quarters now with China Android has been up substantially on a percentage basis, not necessarily on an absolute dollar basis, but has been up substantially on a sequential basis on a relative percentage basis. And I think we are, as Liam said, we're seeing light at the end of the tunnel. We are nearing towards completion of the inventory correction. We have the design wins with those customers. We are ready to go. And I think you will continue to see that in the next couple quarters. It's going to be a gradual process. I personally don't believe in a snapback. It's a gradual process. And we're there, we're well positioned, and you will see us there.
Blake Friedman: Got it. And then just following up as well, just kind of domestic competition within China. I guess maybe if you can walk us through how you've seen the developments there over the past two to three years, and maybe moving forward what you think domestic competition will be like, I guess two to three years from now.
Liam Griffin: Yes, certainly we have the technology to handle the broader markets there and the mobile markets in China. Ultimately, we think that there's an upside opportunity there and the gap is widening from a technology perspective. So you think about kind of the have and have nots there. There's a segment in China that really is lower end. It's great for some consumers, but it hasn't been a driver force. But if you go back to the VOX ecosystem, a lot of opportunity for us to continue to drive that. We haven't been as aggressive as we should be there and we will take a look at that again. But also just throughout the other markets as well that we talked about, there's a lot of energy around mobility. There's a lot of energy around IoT. Some of the markets we talked about before, of course, automotive are great, but the aperture continues to widen. And what happens with us is when we penetrate a segment, we go in hard. And this is where the balance sheet, the tenacity of the team, the scale of our operations, where a lot of our stuff is done in-house, makes us very unique. And it's an opportunity for us to continue to demonstrate the growth curve as well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question and answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you in upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks' Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. Kris Sennesael, Chief Financial Officer for Skyworks. Thank you. Please go ahead. 
Kris Sennesael : Thank you, Lina. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' third fiscal quarter 2023 conference call. With me today is Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President.  Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussions will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today.  Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Liam. 
Liam Griffin : Thanks, Kris, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team continued to execute well during the third fiscal quarter despite macro headwinds, delivering in line revenue, along with solid profitability and strong cash flow. Specifically, we delivered revenue of $1.071 billion, posted earnings per share of $1.73, and generated $306 million of operating cash flow.  During the quarter, we continued to advance our technology roadmap and introduced new high-performance connectivity and analog solutions while supporting product launches at an expanding set of mobile and broad market customers. As a result, we expect double-digit sequential revenue and earnings growth in the September quarter.  Turning to our quarterly business highlights. In mobile and IoT, we secured 5G content for Android smartphones across all tiers. We delivered Sky5 platforms for broadband CPEs of leading North American carriers. We supported Wi-Fi 7 launches, our tri-band routers for NETGEAR and TP-Link and Powered Bell's Wi-Fi 6E home gateway. In addition, we continue to gain design win momentum with our 5 gigahertz cognitive wireless audio solutions, supporting Samsung's Q-Symphony soundbars.  Across infrastructure and industrial, we enabled 5G small cell deployments with a top North American operator and ramped timing solutions for AI data centers at a leading cloud provider.  In automotive, we continue to post double-digit year-over-year revenue growth while capturing design for telematics applications across a broad range of manufacturers. And we extended our engagements by leveraging our power isolation portfolio with a North American EV supplier. These highlights demonstrate Skyworks' technology leadership in mobile, while executing on a diversification strategy in high-growth end markets.  Additionally, several disruptive market trends are now unleashing new meaningful growth opportunities for Skyworks. For example, generative AI is proliferating on a global scale with rapid adoption, sparking exponential growth in the amount of data accessed from the network edge to the cloud. In turn, this will further drive complexity in wireless infrastructure networks as AI will require higher throughput, more secure connections, lower latency and improved power management.  Skyworks is uniquely positioned to benefit from these trends with our advanced integrated solutions, supporting wireless infrastructure, cellular connectivity for mobile devices as well as other leading wireless protocols used in billions of IoT products. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q4.
Kris Sennesael : Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1.071 billion, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 59% of total revenue with broad content gains across our largest customer product portfolio, offset by ongoing weakness in demand from the Android ecosystem as these OEMs continue to reduce inventories.  Broad markets were approximately 41% of total revenue. We have another strong contribution from the automotive, infrastructure and industrial markets. Gross profit was $509 million, resulting in a gross margin of 47.5%, in line with expectations. Gross margin was down 370 basis points year-over-year, mostly driven by temporary factory underutilization as we right-size our inventory levels.  Operating expenses of $182 million declined 4% sequentially and year-over-year, given our ongoing focus on managing discretionary expenses. We generated $327 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 30.5%. We incurred $8 million of other expense and our effective tax rate was 13.2%, driving net income of $276 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.73, exceeding the guidance that we provided during the last earnings call.  Now turning to cash flow. Skyworks' business model continues to deliver very strong cash generation. Third fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $306 million and capital expenditures were $31 million, resulting in free cash flow of $274 million. In fact, for the first three quarters of the fiscal year, we've generated record free cash flow of $1.350 billion and record free cash flow margin of 38%. Also during fiscal Q3, we paid $99 million in dividends and repaid $500 million of our 2023 notes at maturity.  Now let's move on to our outlook for Q4 of fiscal 2023. We expect to deliver double-digit sequential revenue and earnings per share growth in the September quarter. Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.190 billion and $1.240 billion, at the midpoint of $1.215 billion, revenue for the quarter is expected to increase 13% sequentially. This outlook considers the seasonal impact from major product launches, leveraging our technology leadership, deep customer engagements and world-class in-house manufacturing capabilities.  Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 47% to 48%, reflecting the cyclical impact of lower factory utilization, while we are reducing our internal inventories. We expect operating expenses in the range of $178 million to $182 million, down 6.5% year-over-year at the midpoint as we continue to optimize operating efficiencies while making the necessary investments in technology and product development to further enhance our leadership position in mobile and drive diversification and growth in our broad markets business.  Below the line, we anticipate roughly $8 million in other expense and an effective tax rate of 13.5% to 14%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 160 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.215 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.10, an increase of 21% sequentially.  Lastly, given our conviction in Skyworks' long-term strategic outlook and consistent strong cash generation, we announced a 10% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.68 per share.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam. 
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks continues to deliver solid financial results despite a challenging macro environment. At the same time, we have further advanced our cutting-edge technologies and product road maps, targeting leading market segments that allow us to both expand and diversify our customer base.  In addition, we are well positioned to benefit from powerful market trends, including the electrification and automation of vehicles, the expansion of the Internet of Things, the emergence of augmented and virtual reality and the rise of artificial intelligence, just to name a few.  Looking ahead, we expect to capitalize on these opportunities and deliver growth in our highly profitable business with sustainable strong cash generation.  Operator, let's open the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler. 
Harsh Kumar : Congratulations, Liam, Kris and the Skyworks team. Solid results and very significant leverage in the September guide. My first question was regarding your largest customer who typically comes out with a new phone in the September time frame, Liam. Can you talk about your content at that new particular phone that might be coming out this time around? 
Liam Griffin : Sure, Harsh. Of course, I can't give you all the granularity here. But obviously, our engagement and our technical vectors here continue to be sharp. We expect to be among the leaders with our largest customer. We've got -- we have the know-how. We have the breadth of technology. We have the people and the manufacturing capabilities to execute. So we look forward to that, but we really can't give any further guidance, Harsh, as you know. But we certainly feel like our opportunities with our largest customer continue to be very quite large. 
Harsh Kumar : That's fair enough. Liam, if I can ask about your gross margin, you're working through some inventory that's affecting your margins. But if I look -- let's just say I look forward, what would be some of the drivers that you have to improve your gross margins from where they are? Would they be more sort of industry dependent such as Android and sort of handset unit dependent? Or would there more be kind of Skyworks specific actions that would be bigger drivers of your gross margin? 
Kris Sennesael : Yes, Harsh, I'll take that question. So first of all, we delivered 47.5% in the June quarter, in line with expectations. And at the last earnings call, I indicated that gross margins were going to trend sideways for a couple of quarters. And so we just guided September 47% to 48%, which is pretty much in line with what I said during the last earnings call.  The main issue why gross margins are temporarily a little bit lower compared to the historical levels, which was in the low 50s is mainly because of the macro headwinds and the softer demand environment, especially, as you indicated, in the Android ecosystem, while those customers are themselves reducing their internal inventory levels.  And so as the business over a couple of quarters, will eventually get back and stronger, especially in Android as well as our broad markets business, we will see further improvements in our gross margins.  In addition to this as well, Harsh, as you know, we are also reducing our own inventory levels on the balance sheet. This is probably something Skyworks specific that will take a couple of quarters. That is also contributing to the underutilization. But once we get to the more normalized levels of internal inventory, we will increase factory utilizations and ramp up the gross margins. I do expect the gross margins, again, over time, gradually improve to the low 50s. And then we will continue to work it towards our target model of 53%. 
Liam Griffin : Yes. And in addition to that, Harsh, as you may know, on the plus side, if you look at the cash generation that we're putting forth, very, very strong results. We're looking at 30% to 35% free cash flow, and that's sustainable. So you've got the margin hit, which is basically underutilization, but all of that has been paid for. And we have now the upside opportunity with free cash flow. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Wolfe Research. 
Chris Caso: I guess just to start, a general market question, when we've been going through an inventory correction here for a number of quarters. It looks like it be the fourth quarter of double-digit revenue declines on a year-on-year basis. So where do we stand now with that inventory correction at your customers? Are we getting to the point where those customers are getting a bit back to normal? And what does that imply for the next couple of quarters in terms of revenue outlook? 
Liam Griffin : Sure, Chris. Yes. I mean we do feel that the bottom is here but most of the markets here that we address, and we should be seeing improving financials as we go forward. And if you look at our guide today, it's pretty strong relative to the peers.  But also the aperture that we have, not only with the larger players in mobile, which is certainly important, and we're very well positioned. But the broad markets business continues to grow. We're doing a lot of good work in automotive. We're doing a lot of good work in data center, a wide range of customers that are engaged with us that are also going through their cycle. But what we're seeing now is a bit of a turn up. We think it's sustainable. I think it's been a tough cycle in semis and tech in general. But our view is a little bit more optimistic now than it was last quarter for sure. 
Chris Caso : Okay. And just a follow-up on perhaps, China, specifically, and that's an area where we've heard some more cautious commentary from one of your peer -- from some of your peers. Do you think that demand from your China customers has also turned the corner? And what should we expect there? What are you seeing now? And what should you expect there? 
Liam Griffin : Yes. It's starting to turn up, Chris. It's not where we want it to be yet, but we've been very, very careful the way we're guiding and have and put kind of pretty low vectors on top line. So I don't think that we're going to be surprised at all in any way. So you look at that portfolio, it's still bumpy. But on the flip side, you have other markets in Android that are doing quite well. Samsung has an opportunity to continue to grow. You've got a few other players out there that are important. Google is another customer has a lot of great opportunity in mobile and other products that we work with. But it does, like I said, it feels like what we're seeing and the dialogue we have with our end customers being more constructive. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from TD Cohen. 
Matt Ramsay : Yes. maybe you could -- you guys report, obviously, the broad markets business and -- but there's a bunch of different end markets represented in there that I would imagine are seeing one thing I think the semiconductor cycle that you were speaking about has taught us is that different parts of the industry have different cycles that are not in amplitude or X, Y axes trying to be lined up with each other, and they're all over the place a bit.  So maybe you could break down what you're seeing in the broad markets business. I would assume maybe stronger in automotive, weaker in some consumer areas. But if you could go through the different subsectors, that would be really, really helpful. 
Liam Griffin : Yes, sure. I'll give you as much as I can on that. So you mentioned automotive. That's a market that if you look back two, three years ago at Skyworks, you'd see very, very little revenue at all. We're -- now we're well above the $200 million run rate. We expect that to accelerate substantially, a lot of great IP and technology that we brought forth with the Silicon Labs transaction. And also a lot of really organic work inside of Skyworks to drive more opportunities within these vehicles.  So that's going to be an important part of the business. It already is. If we look at some of these other new markets, cloud, for example, we've got design wins in that area now. We're doing extremely well in an important category in Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 7. It's going to be a grower in the industry. I think it's going to be meaningful for the RF players with Skyworks being certainly at the top of the pack. And it's just a lot of general diversified products that we came in with the slab transaction that just very, very broadly, which has a number of design wins across multiple categories that's also growing.  So good stuff there. Plenty of room to go. I mean all these markets that we're dealing with have pretty, very significant TAM opportunities for us to grow into. So we're excited about that. We've made a lot of strategic additions in our sales force as well to try to penetrate more of these new markets and create that diversification vector. So we feel good about it. And we're just going to have to -- you're going to have to see it in the numbers, but we're certainly driving to those outcomes and expect we can do it. 
Matt Ramsay : Just as my follow-up, Kris, maybe you could talk a little bit about your view into OpEx in the next few quarters. I think it was a hair below where we had modeled it anyway. And with some of the gross margin pressure given the utilization, maybe that makes sense. But there's a lot of opportunity ahead for you guys as well, particularly in the broad market to invest in. So if you could just kind of level set us on the next few quarters on the OpEx line, that would be helpful. 
Kris Sennesael : Yes. Thanks for that question. And so we can't control the macro, right? And we can control some of the softness in some of the end markets that everybody industry is going through, but we can control, of course, our own operating expenses and the investments that we make in the business. And there, again, we're not hesitating.  We are going to continue to invest and play to win. But at the same time, we're going to continue. And Skyworks is pretty good at that, continue to focus on efficiencies and really spending the dollars where we get the biggest bang for the buck. And as you saw from the prepared remarks, we have been able to trim down a little bit the OpEx, again, without cutting into our key technology development and product road maps, just focusing on effectiveness and efficient processes.  Some of that was also we reduced a little bit of the variable compensation because of the top environment that we play in. That will kick back a little bit as we start the new fiscal year in the December quarter. But overall, I feel good about the level of spending that we do in support of our growth. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research. 
Edward Snyder : A couple of questions, if I could, please. First, there's been a lot of talk earlier this year that Skyworks is going to lose some share in Wi-Fi and the high-end handsets, not the CPE units or the stuff that goes into homes with handsets. And I guess there's some basis for that given how much content you have. I think you have and have had all the remote PAs for both 5-gigahertz and 2.5 as well as some flagship phones.  Maybe you could provide a little color on that. Should we expect your share to moderate a little bit in the second half of this year? Do you feel like you're not giving up anything there given kind of your dominance of that space over the last several years, actually? 
Liam Griffin : Yes. Ed, that has been a stalwart within the business and the Wi-Fi cycle is very strong. We have great position, 6 and going into Wi-Fi 7. I mean, you know these technologies, they're not easy, and there's a big leap between those two cycles, but we're in great shape. There's certainly a tremendous amount of consumer activity that hasn't been consummated. Wi-Fi is a really important technology. I think everybody knows that. And it's used in so many different applications that we try to really deliver the best solutions. And that's been very powerful for us and our customers like the technology. And I think we've got a great opportunity over the next several years. 
Edward Snyder : Okay. And if I could, the transmit DRx module, which is quickly -- it already has become one of the most lucrative modules and some of the high-end phones out there. You guys kind of own that space, but it's been really clear in the last year or so, that the competition for that spot has increased dramatically. I think even Avago is now trying to get into that. I know Qorvo tried to fill a piece. Qualcomm's always talked about, et cetera. Incumbency has a lot of inertia with it. We've seen that year after year after year in iPhone.  Is that still the case of this? Because the flip side of this, we haven't seen incumbency really help anybody in the ultra-high band. That shares bounced back and forth. You had some of it last year, Qorvo and Avago split it. This year, Qorvo is getting a little bit. So I'm just trying to get a feel for is incumbency worth more in the transmit diversity section, do you think -- and think you'll continue to dominate that spot? 
Liam Griffin : Yes, I would look at it at a high level, not necessarily any 1 specific customer, but performance wins and flexibility wins and supply chain wins and having incredible people on our team that can work shoulder to shoulder in the lab to create amazing outcomes. And I think that really is what differentiates us. And it's not just talk. I mean these are real actions, the people in our fabs. Our factories we're using our own technologies, as you know, whether it's BAW, TC-SAW.  All those recipes are really homegrown. I think it makes it unique for us. Our customers love it because they have a voice in the product. And if there's any fine-tuning or tweaking, technically, we could do it. So we love that.  And some of those products that you mentioned, you know probably more than anybody. These are really, really hard products, really difficult with demanding customers. But if you're able to handle that and hit that fast ball, it's great for the customer, and it's great for the supplier like us. So we're looking forward to more of that. We love challenges, and we're ready to do more. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. 
Blake Friedman : This is Blake Friedman on for Vivek. I might have missed it in the prepared remarks, but I was hoping you could provide what percent of revenue came from your largest customer. And in addition to that, if you're able to quantify the percentage of your broad market sales that come from this largest customer, that would be helpful? 
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So the largest customer in the June quarter was approximately 64% of total revenue when -- if you do the math correctly, you will see that's kind of flattish, slightly up, maybe 1% on a year-over-year basis, which clearly illustrates that we continue to win big with that large customer.  And as you indicate, yes, we went with that customer, not just at the phone, but in every product that they have and every product that brought to the market and that they will bring to the market in the future. And so you will find not only Skyworks content in the iPhone, but you will also find it in the iPad and in the iMac and in the home part and in other products that it will bring to the market. And that's roughly on or about 15% of that revenue with the customer. 
Blake Friedman : Got it. Helpful. And then just maybe a longer-term question thinking about the recovery of certain aspects of the business. I know you derisked your China Android exposure early into the cycle, I believe they only account for 5% of sales or so. So as the market normalizes, I'm just trying to get a perspective on how we should think about your long-term China and broad disclosure in terms of total revenue? 
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So currently, it's very low, right? As you point out, yes, China is less than 5% of our revenue. Samsung is less than 5% of our revenue. We still have Google, but also currently less than 5% of our revenue. As we all know, there is inventory overhang at most of those customers, they -- especially inventory overhang at the phone level that needs to be clear, it's improving. We see higher demand, higher bookings from those customers, but it's improving slowly.  Eventually -- and it's hard to predict the timing, but towards the start of 2024 that will be done and then there will be tremendous upside for us because we continue to win designs with those customers. And again, as that business will start ramping again, we are well positioned. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. 
Christopher Rolland : Thanks for the question. I would love to get into inventory and DOIs and play into your gross margins and underutilization. You kind of hit on this, but would love a little bit more detail in terms of your outlook longer term. So ultimately, where do you guys want your DOIs to go? When do you think you can get there? And I believe the assumption should be gross margins would kind of hang around here for a while until you reach that level? Is that the correct assumption? 
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So first, on inventory, we have now two consecutive quarters where inventory came down slightly in absolute dollars despite the fact that this was our two slowest seasonal quarters. Looking forward to September and December with much stronger revenue and strong sequential revenue growth into September and further into December. We will continue to substantially bring down inventory in absolute doors and of course, on higher revenue as well in terms of days of inventory.  The target is to try to get inventory on or about $1 billion or slightly below that. And -- but to your point, it will take a couple of quarters for us to be able to do that. And so the gross margin will trend sideways for a couple of quarters until we get through this inventory reduction on our side. And until, of course, the overall business starts picking up again, as we discussed with Android, the large customer, stronger tailwinds in the broad markets business and then the gross margin will start picking up again. 
Christopher Rolland : And perhaps one for Liam. You guys haven't emphasized at least on your call, your opportunity in BAW in some time. How are you guys feeling about that? I think you guys have done well, putting it into diversity receive. But would you expect some standalone BAW opportunities to kind of move the needle this year? 
Liam Griffin : Yes, absolutely. We have certainly the most significant customers in very good shape and a lot of great development, shoulder to shoulder work, and that's been going well. But there's also BAW deployments in other markets that we can dive into, even in some of these things, access points and routers and infrastructure products. Think of BAW as a technology, not a product. So it's a very difficult technology and only a few companies know how to do it and also the manufacturing scale and the technology there as well is very unique, and there's just a few companies that can do it.  But the aperture around bulk acoustic wave filtering is really strategic. It's hard to do, and it doesn't have to be handset only, as you mentioned. And we do have a number of examples even in Wi-Fi and some other markets in infrastructure. So it's a key technology. Not a lot of companies do it. There's certainly folks on this call that are listening to peers that do it, but it's not an easy job.  But I think our teams have worked really well. And the aperture that we have is quite wide. We continue to bring on more accounts. We also do a really good job of adopting -- of getting our customers to adopt the higher levels of performance that you get in bulk acoustic wave. So some of that is demonstrated in products and usually in the more difficult and challenging operating conditions, BAW really makes sense, and we're quite good at executing there. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. 
Joe Moore : I wonder if you could address any long-term ramifications from Huawei potentially coming back with its own 5G solution? Does that create long-term opportunity for you? Does that create risk to your existing Chinese customers? Just anything that we should think about that affects Skyworks. 
Liam Griffin : Yes. It appears that Huawei is really off the shelf right now. So it's not even in the forecast. Having said that, there's still opportunity for the China market to grow. Kris mentioned it a little bit. We talked about the opportunity for Android to turn back up and you get the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi players. So there's a lot of opportunity there. But Huawei itself as it is at this stage, it's really a nonstarter, could change. But in today's environment, it's really not a customer that we're working with. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Raymond James. 
Srini Pajjuri: Kris, you alluded to the December quarter growing as well. So given that we're coming off of a cyclical trough in Android, should we expect December to be somewhat about seasonal? If you can talk about directionally how you're thinking about December? That will be helpful. 
Kris Sennesael : Yes. As you know, we only guide one quarter at a time, and so I'm going to stick to that. But directionally, yes, we do expect December to be up sequentially following a normal seasonal sequential growth patterns that we've experienced in the past. 
Srini Pajjuri: Okay. Got it. And then maybe for Liam. Liam, there has been some news about China banning gallium and the germanium exports. Just wondering, given a lot of your products you use those materials. Just wondering if there's any impact that you see in the short term on that. 
Liam Griffin : Yes. We saw the note there. And I will tell you, there's really no risk for us right now. We understand those materials. We've been using them for a while. And our teams have looked deeply at this and looked at the opportunity, and we should be fine. I wouldn't worry about it. We've assessed that there's very little risk to the business we're experts in these solutions and the materials behind it. So it's not -- in our view, it is that something to worry about. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from BNP Paribas. 
Karl Ackerman : I know the seasonality is a bit thrown out the window in the current down cycle. But I was hoping you might be able to comment, Kris, on the outlook between mobile and broad markets in September, particularly broad markets, broad markets is usually up, but I think we're going through a little bit of excess inventory. So if you could just highlight perhaps your outlook between mobile and broad markets for September? That would be quite helpful. 
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So obviously, September is a very strong mobile quarter, especially with the content that we have at our large customer and a big ramp that we have supported over the last 10 or 12 years. And so most of the sequential growth in the September quarter is coming from our mobile segment broad markets might be flat to slightly down a couple percent on a sequential basis for the reasons that you just mentioned, right, there is a little bit of inventory overhang in some of those end markets, very similar to what our peers and competitors have indicated over the last two weeks at their earnings calls. We are obviously not immune to that.  Although, again, I think our broad markets business, we are -- as Liam indicated earlier, we are well positioned. There's a couple of spots, including automotive, right? That continues to grow double digit year-over-year. But overall, there's a little bit of inventory overhang that needs to be flushed out in the next couple of quarters. And then broad markets will start growing faster as well. 
Karl Ackerman : Got it. I guess maybe just to follow up on that, if I may. If you could just speak broadly to how your inventory looks outside of the handset business. Again, it sounds like we have some inventory depletion that is still needed to reoccur. But the flip side of that argument then is how do you refill the channel once the channel is depleted, perhaps that exits perhaps it's more clean channel exiting the year. Just any thoughts into 2024 at a higher level in terms of how you look at broad markets once this inventory overhang abates? 
Kris Sennesael : Yes. And maybe first, a clarification, right. A lot of the inventory overhang for -- as it relates to Skyworks is not in the distribution channel at the component level. We typically manage that proactively and try to keep inventory at the component level, at a healthy level. The issue is more that certain customers put components into products and then the products didn't fully sell through to the end customers at the level they were expecting. And so that needs to burn off.  As I said, like it's probably going to take a couple of quarters. But to your point, yes, once that is done, business will come back and will probably come back stronger as we will transition from under shipping to potentially shipping in line with end customer demand, and that will, by its self, fuel the growth. 
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Ruben Roy from Stifel, Nicolas. 
Ruben Roy : Liam, when you went through the segments or the various units in the broad markets piece, you didn't talk about communications infrastructure. And I think that historically, if you look at core Skyworks and then you add on top some of the timing stuff that you got from the I&A acquisition, that was probably a decent chunk of the business. And so I was wondering if I'm right about that. And then secondly, if you can give us an update on what you're seeing. It sounds like that's a pretty tough market right now and not a lot of visibility rest of this year and maybe even into next year. So would love to kind of understand how you're thinking about that business. 
Liam Griffin : Yes. No, great question. Actually, I should have given that answer already. But no, we actually have meaningful numbers in the infrastructure side. And actually, in the last quarter, we actually had a record in the infrastructure side. So with all of the other chop that we see in handsets and some of the consumer products, the infrastructure business is actually quite, quite strong. There's a lot of room for us to grow into that portfolio. We have very good relationships, and the infrastructure industry tends to be a little bit cyclical, and we're starting to see more opportunity there.  Now some of that is just moving further up in 5G in other markets and even some of the upgrades that we see in Wi-Fi and technologies like that. So they're all important to us, but infrastructure is still very solid, and we expect that to be a driver in '24. 
Ruben Roy : Okay. Okay. And then I guess just as a quick follow-up, Liam, kind of another high-level question around sort of the macro and how you weigh that against design activity. It sounds like things are going well in some of these new areas that you're addressing, auto. Obviously, Wi-Fi has a cycle coming up. But I mean, generally, outside of mobile, if you look at broad markets, how would you assess design activity sort of as you look into the second half of the year versus maybe this time last year? 
Liam Griffin : Yes. I tell you, it's really getting better. The design win activity is better, the customer engagements and discussions that we're having are getting better and more forward-looking. The portfolio is broader than it ever has been. We've got a lot more talent in the organization. Operationally, we've gone through some cyclical hits here with depreciation that we talked about with CapEx, but that's turning into a cash flow play right now that's going to really drive the business and allow us to put forth more powerful investments.  So we feel good about it. And I think the pieces can really drive a great 2024. We're getting through these quarters right now, the business is starting to improve, and we expect to have double-digit performance as we go forward. 
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Griffin, there are no further questions at this time. Please proceed. 
Liam Griffin : Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you all for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, [Joel] (ph). Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks’ second fiscal quarter 2023 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome everyone. The Skyworks team executed well in a challenging market environment, delivering second quarter revenue above consensus estimates with solid profitability and strong cash flow generation. Looking at Q2 in more detail, we delivered revenue of $1.153 billion. We drove gross margin of 50%, and operating margin of 33.5%. We posted earnings per share of $2.02 and we generated $412 million of operating cash flow. In addition to the financial results, we expanded our design-win pipeline, reflecting our success in diversifying our customer base and product portfolio. Across mobile and IoT, we delivered Sky5 platforms for Samsung's newly released smartphones, we launched WiFi 6E and WiFi 7 gateways for CommScope and ASUS, and we secured 5G content with a mobile computing leader. Across infrastructure and industrial, we enable small-cell deployments with the Japanese telecommunications company. We provided enhanced Power-over-Ethernet functionality to Cisco for their enterprise networks. We shipped programmable timing solutions to the top U.S. satellite provider and leveraged our expanding industrial product suite with the leader in smart meter technology. In automotive, we continue to post year-over-year revenue growth, while capturing EV onboard charging content with a top European supplier, and ramping digital radio products with a leading Korean OEM. These engagements highlight the increasingly diverse and expansive nature of our business, supporting the broadest array of customers and applications in our history. Several key market trends underscore the growth potential of advanced connectivity in the rapidly evolving EV industry. For example, WiFi continues to expand globally as the world's most affordable method of connecting the unconnected. Cisco forecast that number of hotspots worldwide to reach 600 million this year. And as a market leader, Skyworks is uniquely positioned to benefit as deployments expand and the shift to WiFi 7 drives increasing complexity. In addition, the average U.S. household today has more than 10 wirelessly connected devices. Each of these devices requires fast connections, low latency and efficient battery life. All enabled by our integrated solutions. Further, the market for electric vehicles is expected to expand four-fold by 2027, leveraging our power isolation platforms, which are becoming a leading choice for global EV manufacturers. Skyworks' success in enabling these major technology transitions is underpinned by increasing demand for our leading-edge systems solutions, differentiated by performance, integration, and most importantly, customer value. Moving forward, Skyworks is strategically equipped to capitalize on the rapidly changing connectivity landscape with an expanding set of customer relationships built over more than two decades, global scale and world class manufacturing capabilities, a seasoned and talented workforce with a proven record of execution across multiple semiconductor cycles, and an efficient cash flow engine that funds innovation while providing consistent cash return. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q3.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1.153 billion, exceeding consensus estimates. Mobile was approximately 60% of total revenue with year-over-year revenue growth at our largest customer, reflecting growth content gains across their product portfolio. This revenue growth was offset by weakness in demand from the Android ecosystem as it continues to destock inventory. Broad markets reached 40% of total revenue for the first time, with a strong contribution from the automotive, infrastructure and industrial markets. Gross profit was $577 million, resulting in a gross margin of 50%. Operating expenses of $190 million declined on a sequential and year-over-year basis, given our focus on managing discretionary expense. We generated $386 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 33.5%. We incurred $13 million of other expense and our effective tax rate was 13.4%, driving net income of $323 million and diluted earnings per share of $2.02, in line with the guidance that we provided during the last earnings call. Now turning to cash flow. Skyworks' business model continues to deliver very strong cash generation. Second fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $412 million and capital expenditures were $45 million, resulting in a free cash flow of $366 million and cash flow margin of 32%. Through the first half of the fiscal year, we've generated record free cash flow of $1.1 billion and 43% free cash flow margin. Given our consistent level of profitability and lower CapEx spending, we expect free cash flow margin to remain well above our target of 30% for the fiscal year. Also, during fiscal Q2, we paid $99 million in dividends, repurchase $9 million of Skyworks stock and repaid $200 million of our variable-rate term loans. In addition, we increased our cash and investment balance to almost $1.1 billion to provide sufficient liquidity to repay $500 million of bonds that will reach maturity during fiscal Q3. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q3 of fiscal 2023. Taking into account the ongoing challenging macroeconomic environment and a slower than expected recovery and inventory destocking, especially in the Android ecosystem, we anticipate revenue for our third fiscal quarter between $1.05 billion and $1.09 billion. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 47% to 48%, reflecting the cyclical impact of lower factory utilization, while we are reducing our internal inventory levels. We expect operating expenses of approximately $183 million to $187 million, down sequentially and year-over-year as we are optimizing operating efficiencies. We will continue to make the necessary investments in technology and product development to further enhance our leadership position in mobile and drive diversification and growth in our broad markets business. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $13 million in other expense and an effective tax rate of 13.5% to 14%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 160 million shares, accordingly at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.70 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.67. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks has delivered solid results through the first half of our fiscal year, demonstrating strong profitability and record free cash flow generation. With deep customer engagements, underpinned by decades of technology investments in scale, Skyworks is well-equipped to lead and continue to outperform. Moving forward, the Skyworks team remains focused on driving operational efficiency while leveraging leading-edge technologies to capture opportunities across a dynamic market for connectivity. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] One moment please for your first question. Your first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you very much. Excuse me, Kris and Liam, you guys have spoiled us. I've to go back -- I don't know, eight, 10 years to see a four-handle on gross margin, and you have navigated through many quarters of sequential decline, even I'm going back 10 plus, 15, 20 and you have still been able to hold margins. So my first question is, what's going on on the margin front? Is it pricing, is it something structurally different this time versus now going back to last eight, 10 years?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Ambrish, well I will take that question of you. And so, first of all, Q2 we delivered 50% gross margin, which was within our guidance range. But we started already seeing some of the underutilization charges hitting our income statement in the second quarter. For Q3 -- fiscal Q3, we guided 47% to 48% as we are experiencing 400 basis points to 500 basis points of underutilization charges, which are partially offset by ongoing cost reductions and operational efficiencies that we're driving. And the reason for the underutilization charges is a slower than expected recovery in the Android smartphone markets. As they continue to work down inventory, their internal inventory in a somewhat soft-demand environment. And initially, we were anticipating a stronger second half of the fiscal year and calendar year, but we do see some signs of recovery, although I would say later and slower than initially anticipated. As a result of that, we are adjusting our factory utilizations across all our factories, that's resulting in those 400 basis points to 500 basis points of under-utilization charges. And I would like to note that, unfortunately, those underutilization charges are having a negative impact on the gross margin, but they do not have a negative impact on our cash flow. And we will continue to generate strong cash flow. And maybe last, we have been operating our business at a slightly elevated level of inventory, in anticipation of a stronger recovery in the back half. Now that the recovery is going to be slower than expected, we are also going to adjust our internal inventory levels and right-size that. Again that doesn't help our gross margin, but it will further bolster our strong cash generation.
Ambrish Srivastava: And my -- just my follow-up is on the gross margin side -- inventory you're sitting at 185 days. And target level is 85, if I remember correctly, two years ago or three years ago, you had given that to us. So, if it has to come back to that level, then that headwind could sustain for more than a quarter, it could be a couple of quarters before inventory at least two, three quarters before it normalizes. Am I thinking about it the right way?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. You think about it the right way. Well, first of all, inventory came slightly down already in Q2, but days were up on lower revenue. And so, days will always be elevated in our two slowest seasonal quarters and we'll improve in our stronger seasonal quarters. But we will bring down inventory in absolute dollars as well as in days of inventory on a normalized level. And that of course will -- as a result of that, the gross margin will be on or about the same level for multiple quarters. And then eventually, we'll -- as the business starts improving, margins will get back. And I'll get back to your first question, right? So this is not a pricing issue or this is not a major cost issue. It is just a temporary underutilization issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had two. Maybe I wanted to ask, you highlighted the weakness in Android I think, some other customers have seen some inventory correction to their largest customers. So I was curious, what the percentage was in March and if you also have to work through some inventory at that customer?
Kris Sennesael: So the largest customer in March was approximately 64% of total revenue. And in terms of inventory, they manage their supply chain very well.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. And then a perspective on the guide on broad markets, just kind of curious, it was down a little bit in March, kind of how do you see that trending in June?
Liam Griffin: Yeah. Blayne, I mean, we definitely continue to diversify the broad markets portfolio. It continues to be very strategic for us. We're capturing new design wins every month. Automotive has been strong, we've got a little bit more action going in WiFi 7 and also in some of the infrastructure market. So that business is looking really strong and also the contribution from the I&A portfolio continues to track well. So, still a lot of bright spots there. And the other side of the business, obviously, Kris mentioned, some of the unique headwinds in mobile, but there are also some really dynamic activities going on in the broad market space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to where Skyworks is being the inventory issues. Because Liam and Chris, I remember you guys are very early [indiscernible] and prudent to recognize the weakness in the China market last year. So, I thought you had already taken care of the Android issue. And any new issues what come with your largest customer. So I just wanted to reconfirm that the weakness you're seeing right now is still Android and not at your largest customer?
Kris Sennesael: So, Vivek, that is correct. The weakness is at Android. And you are correct, we have proactively managed that as good as we can in terms of our component inventory in the channel. What we cannot control is the inventory level at the customer -- at the phone level and that's where the main culprit is and that we see our customers continue to destock in a soft demand environment.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And finally, a follow-up. The fact that you are reducing factory utilization ahead of what is typically your strongest seasonal quarter, should we also be toning down our expectations of mid-teens plus kind of sequential growth that you usually have in September, given all these macro factors?
Kris Sennesael: So we only guide one quarter at a time here. But sitting here today, we do expect some good sequential growth in September and December. As you know, our largest customer ramps up their new product launches. And as in the past, we will have some really good content in those phones that will ramp up in the back half of the calendar year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, thank you. I guess, Kris, I wanted to just follow-up on some of the inventory discussions earlier. Obviously, June tends to be the seasonally weakest period of the year for you. But do you think you're actually shipping in line with sell-through at this point ahead of this seasonal ramp that you normally see in the second half of the year?
Kris Sennesael: So not in the Android ecosystem, we are still shipping below consumption, because they still are burning through excess inventory at the phone level.
Karl Ackerman: Got it, got it, okay. And then I guess, just going back to the margin discussion. When would you anticipate underutilization charges to abate, and I guess as you address that question, are there any risks to inventory obsolescence, if you could just discuss that as well, that would be very helpful. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Right. So this is -- as I've said before, this is a multiple-quarter event because it just takes time to -- for those underutilization charges to actually hit the income statement right. It goes through inventory turns until it hits your income statement. But we are seeing the soft demand environment in Android, it's improving, but slightly slower than expected. We are reducing inventory at the same time. And so, this is a multi-quarter event. In terms of excess and obsolete, we don't see any major risk, we've managed pretty well through that.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And just to jump in here, this is Liam. Obviously, this is kind of a macro cycle that we're going through. I mean every company has their own nuances here. But I would remind you, the cash returns are very, very solid. We paid our bills on CapEx. Free cash flow margins are going to be sustainable, 30%-plus. So there is a lot of positives around that. And we'll get through the cycle. We're very, very much focused on execution, and it has been a little tough from some of our customers and so working with them and getting the inputs that drive our business. But we continue to drive design win penetration in new markets, whether they're in broad or even some of our mobile players and IoT players. So there is a lot of positives there. And yes, we're enduring a tough cycle, and I think we're doing the right things here to ensure a better future as we go forward. But the business is still quite solid. Cash returns are robust. We've got customer engagements that continue to ramp, and we're very confident on the outlook.
Operator: Next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask about your largest customer. In the first half of the fiscal year, you've managed to grow your business for them narrowly. So my question to you is based on the content gains that you may see in the next-generation platform from them and all other things considered, do you think you can grow your revenue with them for the full year or more importantly, second half this year versus last year?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Yes. I mean we can't give you the specifics, but we absolutely aspire to drive a better position in the second half on continuing to cement new programs that we'll get into 2023 and 2024.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And on OpEx management, you're doing a good job with, I guess, tamping things down and if not decreasing your OpEx in this tough time. Is that -- does that involve any, I guess, proactive measures on head count or might it in the future?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So we have been doing that. And you know at Skyworks we have been doing that consistently in the past. We add head count when needed in support of our technology and product road maps. And when things are getting tougher, we adjust. And we've made some downward adjustments in that area as well, of course, making sure that we can continue to support our major customers, our major programs. And it's really focusing on driving operational efficiencies and trying to trim down some discretionary spending. That's what we focus on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. I'm a little confused, Liam. Maybe you could clear it up. Do you expect that [model] (ph) to see content up or down or flat in the second half of this year?
Liam Griffin: Ed, I missed the first part, Ed. Can you give...
Edward Snyder: Sorry, I'm just -- I'm not looking for revenue guidance at all because I just got all tangled up with macro and units and all that. I'm just looking at content in terms of new model releases year-over-year in the second half. Do you expect your content to be up? Or should we expect it to be flat or down?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean we expect it to be up. That's our game plan. There is a lot of new technologies that emerge in the leaders, and we're hanging around the hoop on every one of them. We've got our teams working with the best customers and fielding the best opportunity. So we'll have to see how that plays out in the second half, but that's definitely where we're headed.
Edward Snyder: So in a fantasy world, the flat units year-over-year, no change at all? You would naturally expect to be higher in revenue to largest customer in the second half of the year?
Liam Griffin: That would be our plan, yes.
Edward Snyder: Perfect. Okay. And then on the Android, I know it's still kind of a mess. But there are some architectural changes going on at some of the flagship phones, even the low-end phones that are involved. I don't want to say integration, but more higher density modules that will show up probably in the next year or so. I know Skyworks has kind of avoided some of that competition in the past just because there was ASPs associated with it. But given that it kind of separates you from a lot of the domestic suppliers in China, is it like -- is it reasonable to assume that Skyworks would participate more aggressively in the Android food chain, say, in 5G smartphone with their entry or flagship in the next two years?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Ed, I would say yes to that, because now as those models in Asia -- and Android become more complex, that's right up our alley, right? I mean so we -- our aperture is more to the mid to the high end, and we want to lift those customers and help them create a better engine and a better solution. So we're there. And there's a lot of upside for us in that characteristic because we just -- we've been a little bit more high-end play. But as the complexity gets more and more embedded, that creates more and more opportunities for us. It's really -- it's hard to hit the hard pitch, right? We know how to do that, but we also got to take care of the other business as well. So we feel good about it. We definitely have the know-how to make it work, and I think it will be part of the recovery here as we get through the middle of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hi, guys. I was curious, Liam, if you could give us a sense of how much excess inventory of complete handsets is in the Chinese end market? In other words, I guess what I'm trying to understand is, I know you're under-shipping, but curious how long or how many quarters it might take for sell in [indiscernible] sellout?
Kris Sennesael: Right. Harsh, we don't have a specific number on the number of excess inventory on the handset level. But it is a couple of quarters, right? And initially, we anticipated it to be a couple of quarters, but now it might be a couple of quarters more. And that's what we -- that's the feedback we are getting from the customers. That's the feedback that -- and remarks that we see by our peers and competitors.
Harsh Kumar: That's fair, guys. And then, for my follow-up, if I can ask you, if you could help us out with broadband. Do you think that broadband might be up in the June quarter on a sequential basis or a year-over-year basis? Any color would be great.
Kris Sennesael: Right. So our broad markets business will be slightly down on a sequential basis into the June quarter. Again, it's -- as Liam already talked about that, right, we see certain areas of strength in automotive, some of our industrial markets. But there is some inventory overhang in some of the more consumer enterprise-oriented markets, again, very similar to what has been mentioned by peers and competitors that play in this field.
Harsh Kumar: Fair enough, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ruben Roy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy: Thanks you. Thanks for letting me as a question. Harsh asked the essence of my question, Liam. But I guess specifically on auto, was it up in the March quarter? And do you expect auto to continue to remain strong as you sort of characterized? And the reason I'm asking that is, obviously, there were some long lead times and that type of thing in auto components. I'm wondering how lead times look. Are they coming in and what the inventory assessment is in that market specifically as you think about the rest of the year? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Sure. Great question. As you know, we actually hadn't done much in automotive two, three years ago, and we're now really making great progress. So the good news there, there's a tremendous amount of new territory that we can cover in automotive. We've already won a number of platforms and programs with key OEMs, EV players, et cetera. The partnership with our I&A business has been a real catalyst there as well for us. So it's a fast-growing part of our portfolio. It has tremendous upside. We have low share relative to the pie. And that's going to make for pretty dynamic opportunities as we go forward. And it's definitely a grower for us this year. Despite all this inventory stuff we talked about, the auto market will definitely grow.
Ruben Roy: That's helpful. Thanks, Liam. And then just a quick follow-up on Ed's question earlier. Sort of thinking through design activity for next year, maybe in Android, how would you characterize that? It seems like there are a lot of in services moving to single module right now. Do you -- would you characterize design activity as strong right now, ahead of sort of those ramps? Or do you think that's still something on the [indiscernible] that you guys will be participating in [indiscernible] in later this year? What's the timing on that, I guess, is the question.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Well, I mean, as you know, we've been focusing more high end, mid-tier, et cetera. But obviously, now the good news is that our customers want better performance. So we had been a little bit more cautious in engaging in some of the lower-end markets, but some of those products now and the appetite for connectivity is raised, which makes it much more profitable and more in the kind of down the alley for Skyworks. So you're going to see more opportunities for us emerge in the Android cycle. Samsung is doing a lot better. Google is a player now for us. We're doing a lot there, and obviously, the players in China. China has been a little tough, but I think that, that will come back and that will be another catalyst for us. So we know how to make all that stuff and the stuff is not new at all. We know exactly how to handle it. Automotive, again, is a new market that we're doing very well on. And I think we get through some of these macro headwinds, we'll be able to really kind of shine a light on some of these strategic design wins that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On broad markets, I think 90 days ago, you guys had anticipated driving full year growth in this segment. But as you just mentioned, you've got dynamics in the consumer IoT market. I think even data center enterprise, telco markets have continued to soften a bit here. So does the team still believe that they can drive full year growth in broad markets?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. I think -- Harlan, I think that's going to be a challenge, right? So we -- what we said is that, we were expecting some modest year-over-year growth on a calendar year basis. But given some of the macroeconomic challenges that we have seen with high inflation and increased interest rates and the impact it has on consumer and enterprise spending, I think this is going to be challenging. Having said that, I mean now I'm looking beyond calendar year 2023 into fiscal 2024, we do expect our broad markets business to grow in fiscal 2024 over fiscal 2023.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. And then the team has done a great job proliferating your filter technology. I think last year, I think the team drove about 45% BAW filter attached to your mobile revenues, right? Given the design win pipeline for this year on new model launches in the second half, where do you see that attach rate moving to?
Liam Griffin: Yes. That attach rate continues to move higher and higher and there is multiple nodes in bulk acoustic wave. So it's not one that fits all. There's a lot of innovation. There's a tremendous amount of R&D. And one of the other things that we talked about a little bit is our capital intensity. That's a plus for us as well. We've already gone through a pretty significant cycle in raising the capability and technology nodes with BAW. We have a lot of capacity right now that we're ready to roll on. And it's a strategic technology. Not many companies know how to do it. And it can go beyond the smartphone as well. So the applications certainly today are in handsets, but there's a broader set of opportunities where BAW filter is a meaningful part of the strategy and a meaningful part of the performance. So you'll be able to see that more as we go through this year and following years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cassidy: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. And just to understand too, as you cut back on utilization, what's the shape of being able to bring that back up again? I guess if it -- your lead times start to stretch out and that's when you build your utilization back up again? Just kind of what's the strategy as business starts to come back?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So a lot of it will depend on how strong the business will bounce back. And once we start seeing -- we already see it, right, some of recovery in the Android market. Once that gets stronger in combination then, of course, will continue to grow our broad markets business, as we just indicated, and doing well with our largest customer, we will start ramping up the factory utilizations. But as I said earlier, it's a couple of quarters and then that will bounce back.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. But to bring utilization back up, it's just a matter of rehiring people? Like it doesn't mean new equipment, you've just turned the equipment off?
Liam Griffin: No. The equipment is there. I mean, we basically -- we know how to handle that, the capital, the scale, all that's ready to go. This is just more of a demand issue, but we know how to handle it. And there's going to be a tremendous amount of activity that will go through those cycles and go through those factories leveraging that capital, which is in great position and has a tremendous opportunity over the next several years to populate not only smartphones, as we said, but other bulk acoustic wave type of engine.
Operator: Your last question comes from Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much, guys. Good afternoon. I guess for my first question, some of your peer companies that also have some pretty high revenue exposure to your largest customer talked about a dynamic of maybe them buying a bit more early in this calendar year, pulling in some of their own inventory purchases and leaving a bit of air pocket before things ramp in the back half. Are you guys -- is some of the stuff reflected in the guidance that type of dynamic? Or am I -- or is it more lean toward Android as you've mentioned in some of your prepared comments? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. It's more towards the Android side at that point the way we go here. And so I think that's maybe what you're saying. But -- and there, again, I mean, we know how to manage through it.
Matt Ramsay: Got it. I guess, Kris, I wanted to ask a longer-term thing as my follow-up, and it's on free cash flow. You mentioned that some of the utilization charge, things that are going to happen in the short term with the factories are not cash flow hits. But given the dynamics in the business, could you talk a little bit about how -- are there any specific floors of free cash flow that you're managing to in terms of a free cash flow percentage? And just how do you think you plan to manage the business over the next two, three years on a cash flow basis? I think that would be helpful. Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. No, that's a great question. And so our target model is a free cash flow margin of 30%. And last couple of years, we have been operating the business in the mid to high 20s. And the reason why we were not at 30% is, as Liam just explained, we have made major investments in our technology, in our manufacturing assets, building out very high-class manufacturing capabilities. And -- but looking forward over the next couple of years, instead of running CapEx at 10% or 12% to revenue, we believe that in the next couple of years, we can run the business at mid-single digits as a percent of revenue for CapEx. In addition to that, of course, we will continue to grow the business and run the business at high profit levels. And when you combine that with good working capital management, we believe we will be able to sustainably run this business at 30%, 30-plus percent free cash flow margin. And again, just in the first six months of the year here, we've already generated more cash than we did last year, right, with $1.1 billion of free cash flow at 43% free cash flow margin. But again, sustainably well above 30% for the remainder of -- or the total of the fiscal year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Please proceed.
Mitch Haws: Thanks for participating in today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws : Thank you, JP. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' first fiscal quarter 2023 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin : Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered solid first fiscal quarter results with revenue exceeding consensus estimates, strong profitability and record cash flow performance. Looking at Q1 in more detail. We delivered revenue of $1.329 billion, drove gross margin of 51.5% and operating margin of 37%. We posted earnings per share of $2.59 and we generated $773 million of operating cash flow, a quarterly record for Skyworks. In addition to the solid financial results, we expanded our design win pipeline in several emerging high-growth segments. In IoT, we extended our broadening technology portfolio across a growing customer base. We partnered with AT&T to launch their first WiFi 6 gateways, unveiled the industry's first WiFi 7 networking system with TP-Link and leveraged our advanced connectivity portfolio to support 6 gigahertz fixed wireless access points at Cambium Networks. Across infrastructure and industrial markets, we integrated Power-over-Ethernet functionality in Cisco modular switches for enterprise networks. We ramp timing platforms to meet high precision and speed requirements for the leading data centers. And we delivered frequency generation and clock distribution technology for 5G massive MIMO deployments. In automotive, we achieved our sixth consecutive quarter of record revenue, strengthening our EV design win pipeline with onboard charger content at a Japanese automotive supplier. And securing design wins for digital radio platforms with a top European OEM. Moving forward, the rapid expansion of mobile network traffic, advances in cloud and edge computing, IoT and the electrification of vehicles are major trends that drive complexity and demand for our highly integrated and customized solutions. A few highlights underscore these remarks. Wireless connections continue to proliferate with mobile network traffic doubling over the past two years. Market estimates project over 25 billion IoT devices to be installed by 2027. The automotive industry is undergoing a revolutionary shift towards electrification of autonomous vehicles with EVs projected to make up over 30% of the U.S. market by 2030. Skyworks is well positioned to capture growth upon these opportunities in transformative markets, leveraging key technologies, human capital and significant scale. Collaborating with our partners and customers, we are leveraging key technologies from PC soft to high-performance bulk acoustic wave filtering, gallium arsenide and state-of-the-art packaging. These skills and capabilities position Skyworks to play a leading role in this fast evolving, rapidly growing landscape.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q2.
Kris Sennesael : Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1.329 billion, exceeding consensus estimates. Mobile was approximately 65% of total revenue with weakness in Android as customers work down their inventory levels. Broad markets was approximately 35% of revenue with a strong contribution from automotive, infrastructure, industrial and the global shift to WiFi 6E and 7. Gross profit was $684 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51.5%, up 30 basis points year-over-year and up 20 basis points sequentially. Operating expenses were $193 million or 14.5% of revenue. We generated $491 million of operating income translating into an operating margin of 37%. We incurred $16 million of other expense and our effective tax rate was 12.8% driving net income of $415 million and diluted earnings per share of $2.59. Turning to the cash flow. First fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was an all-time record of $773 million. Capital expenditures were $64 million, resulting in a record free cash flow of $709 million and a free cash flow margin of 53%. We paid $99 million in dividends and repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares of our common stock for a total of $166 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, we have returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. Also today, we announced that our Board of Directors has approved a new $2 billion stock repurchase program, highlighting their confidence in our business and its ability to continue generating strong free cash flow. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q2 of fiscal 2023. We anticipate revenue between $1.125 billion and $1.175 billion. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 50% to 50.5%. We expect operating expenses of approximately $189 million to $191 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $19 million in other expense and an effective tax rate of 12.5% to 13%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 159.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.150 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.02.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin : Thanks, Kris. Skyworks delivered solid first quarter results, demonstrating strong profitability and record free cash flow generation. Importantly, our technology-centric operational scale and expanding set of innovative solutions are fueling a robust design win pipeline, positioning Skyworks to continue to outperform. Despite a challenging macro environment, Skyworks remains well positioned with the most diverse customer and solution set in our history, a technically seasoned and talented workforce, a strong balance sheet and predictable cash generation underpinning our ability to fund future opportunities while returning cash to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks.
Mitch Haws : Operator, can we begin the question-and-answer session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava : That was pretty short prepared remarks, Liam and Kris. Always appreciated. But I just wanted to get a little bit of your thoughts on excess inventory. Qorvo has talked about maybe a whole year before component inventory comes back in check. MediaTek has talked about finished goods inventory and overall 3.5 months, if I remember correctly, winding down to two months. So what's your take on the inventory -- excuse me, your inventory as well as in the channel? And then a quick follow-up on your own balance sheet, inventory was up quite a bit. How should we think about it going forward, Kris?
Liam Griffin : Sure. Yes. This is Liam. Of course, at Skyworks, we're a very operational-centric and technology company together. And a lot of our products, the lion's share of our products are done in-house in our own fabs and our own assembly and test locations. So we have really good eyes and ears on the balances here whether it be inventory on our sites or even with our partners. So we are very, very careful to ensure that we are aligning our revenue with natural demand. We always want to be right on step with our customers. I think our teams have done an incredible job. There are markets today right now that -- there has been some excess inventory, and we're just -- we're letting that bleed down. And our exposure there is extremely small. Some of the markets in China are a little bit more volatile. But in those cases, we have very little exposure. So I think it's important to note that we can control our ship and our products, working with the best customers out there, lots of great communication with our customers as well. So everybody is on the same page, and we feel really good about that. And I think it's something we'll continue to work through and be well positioned for the back half of the year.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. And Ambrish, as it relates to the inventory on our balance sheet, it's definitely somewhat at an elevated level, but I'm very comfortable with the level of inventory that we have right now. You have to take into account that we came out of a period where supply chains were challenged. We definitely wanted to make sure we support all the customer demand, we've been increasing some of the buffer stocks. And now more recently, of course, we have seen some softness due to some macroeconomic challenges. And we have been adjusting our wafer starts and factory loadings accordingly. We've been doing that for a couple of quarters now proactively. Having said that, again, it's a little bit elevated. So -- but you have to keep in mind that we are level loading our factories, and we do expect, based on known design wins the business to bounce back, especially in the second half of calendar year 2023. And so we will continue to level-load to support those big ramps based on known design wins with many of our customers. We also do expect some of the Android-based business in Korea and China to bounce back in the second half of the year. And so we will continue to make adjustments. I do expect that the days of inventory will come down back to a more normalized level in the second half of the calendar year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis : I had two. And obviously, it's a tough mobile backdrop. I think these are pretty good results. Just curious if you can level set us for December. I don't know if you're willing to give how much your largest customer was but then in the March guidance, if you could just talk through how you're thinking about the iOS versus Android there? I mean, does Android bottom in December or March? And any thoughts on the recovery for Android.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So as it relates to the large customer revenue with that large customer was approximately 68% of total revenue. That clearly demonstrates great execution by the team supporting that large customer in the ramp of their new phone lineup. We have some great content in that phone, some really high-performance complex devices, many of those devices leveraging our bulk acoustic wave filtering. And so I think we did really well in the December quarter despite the fact that, as you know, the large customer talked about that, they were somewhat supply constrained due to some COVID-related issues in China. But the team here executed really well in December with that customer.
Liam Griffin : Yes. And Blayne, just to follow up. We are starting to get back on the saddle here with the Android portfolio. And as you know, we've actually been holding back because there was some inventory in that channel. I think there still is, but it's been bleeding. And the opportunity for us to have incremental gains there is a very high given the fact that we kind of stay on the sidelines until these inventory levels got to a more normalized position. It's not about the product. The products are ready to roll. We've got everything we need to drive that business, but we just want to be careful as the markets move forward. So -- but we have the design win momentum for sure.
Blayne Curtis : And then I wanted to ask you on broad markets. Whether you think that business would be up in March as part of the guidance? And then I know you had a record I&A quarter in September. Just kind of curious how that business is doing trajectory-wise?
Kris Sennesael : Yes. So in the broad markets, as we said, was in December, roughly 35% of our overall revenue. It was slightly down on a year-over-year basis as we see similar things that some of our peers and competitors are seeing in that market due to some macroeconomic headwinds, there's a little bit of a softer demand. But on the flip side, we definitely saw strength for Skyworks Solutions in the automotive segment, some parts of the infrastructure and industrial segments. And as we said as well, we see some really good traction in the upgrade to WiFi 6E, which is a big step-up in content as well as some early design wins that are being turned into revenue for WiFi 7. As it relates to the March quarter, we do expect broad markets to be slightly down sequentially, somewhat in line with normal seasonality.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley : There have been some teardown reports out there that have highlighted your content associated with the satellite link, I guess, in particular, with your largest customer, somewhere in the order of 4 or 5 specific sockets for you guys. Can you speak to the content opportunity for you, not only the iOS world, but as well the Android world?
Liam Griffin : Yes. I think we are engaged with all of the relatives and meaningful applications. And I think if you're referring to Satcom, is that right?
Gary Mobley : That's right.
Liam Griffin : Yes, sure. Absolutely. So we have the technology, the IP and kind of the building blocks to make that work. It's an early -- it's still early in the global market, but it's definitely an opportunity to bring more scale to units. And so we definitely are -- we're engaged, we're involved. We have the technologies to make some of these work. We also have the partnerships with the companies that can do some of the -- kind of the groundwork to have that network evolve. And it would be a great opportunity for a company like Skyworks. We have many of the building blocks. We understand in the radio frequency space deeply and in the Satcom world as well. So it's an evolving opportunity, and we'll definitely be at the table we are today, but more upside to come as the markets evolve.
Gary Mobley : Okay. Just my follow-up, I want to ask about utilization of your supply. It sounds like you won't have any underutilization charges associated with internal supply, at least not for the intermediate term. But maybe if you can speak to external supply, purchase commitments there and your ability to fully utilize those without taking these sort of reserve.
Kris Sennesael : Yes, Gary. As indicated before, we have been managing this proactively for many quarters right now. And we are adjusting our factory loadings all the time, depending on the demand that we see. And of course, the earlier you do that, the more attractive you are, the more you can take the time to, of course, accordingly adjust your cost structure, taking out cost where needed. While at the same time, of course, continue to work on operational efficiencies, yield improvements and so on. We've done that with our internal factories. We've done that with our third-party purchases and vendors as well. Having an open dialogue, making sure we have, on one hand, enough capacity in place, but at the same time, not overcommitting as well. And I think the team has executed pretty well on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari : Liam, I was hoping you could provide a little bit more context, a little bit more color around your broad markets business. I think you talked about record revenue in your automotive business and strength across comms and the industrial end market as well. But specifically, I was hoping you could size those individual buckets within broad markets in calendar '22 where you landed from a revenue standpoint across those key end markets? And how you're thinking about the forward? And on the forward, I guess, the commentary on automotive from most of your peers continues to be pretty bullish and pretty positive. But there are signs of moderation in comms and industrial. So I was hoping to hear what you're seeing in those markets as well.
Liam Griffin : Sure. Well, we put a lot of energy into those markets, and we're getting great returns. And the size of the opportunity there is substantial and some of those products and markets that were not really the purview of Skyworks two, three, four years ago, but they are now. So the automotive opportunity for Skyworks has been incredible leveraging some of the IP that we brought in with the SLAB I&A deal, coupled with our own internal developments and design wins and technology partners. We've got a business now that is in the hundreds of millions of dollars a year, really at a time where EV and electrification of vehicles is really just starting. So I think this is going to be an incredible piece for us, one of the markets that will drive our broad market portfolio. The other thing is the IoT space generally is really clicking now for us. And you've heard for years that if we think about our solutions, they're not just handsets. We leverage the handset because it's a great opportunity to demonstrate what benefits we could have as a user but we're starting to drive the same types of technologies in IoT, things like WiFi, for example, GPS, many other sensor technologies that we can populate with our solutions. So some of that core wireless engines don't have to be specific to smartphones, but that technology, that know-how, that scale, the ability for Skyworks to uniquely develop end market solutions, I think, is quite a differentiator. And we're really just getting the wheels turning on those opportunities, but there's definitely quite a large opportunity set for us over the next four to five years.
Toshiya Hari : Got it. And then as a quick follow-up, one for Chris on gross margin. In the December quarter, your margins came in in-line. They were up a little bit both sequentially and year-over-year despite revenue declining both sequentially and year-over-year. So curious what were some of the positive offsets in December? And then more importantly, for the March quarter, you're guiding gross margins down, I guess, roughly 100 basis points, give or take. I mean is that primarily revenue or something else going on?
Kris Sennesael : Yes. First of all, I'm pleased with the fact that in December, we did 51.5% gross margins, up 30 basis points year-over-year, up 20 basis points sequentially despite the challenging macroeconomic environment. And I think, again, kudos to the team who continue to drive operational efficiencies into our factories with great execution there. And that's really, I think, the main driver there, how we are able to keep up the margins where they are. Again, despite some of the adjustments that we make in terms of factory loadings. As it relates to March, you have a little bit of a mix that comes into play and some of those headwinds, right, the revenue, as you indicated, that translate into the adjustments we make on the factory loadings. When you put it all together, I'm guiding margins in the low 50s. On one hand, I'm not happy with it. I wish it was 53%, and we're going to continue to work hard to get at 53%. But on the other hand, I'm happy with where we are from a margin point of view right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen.
Matt Ramsay : Yes. I wanted to ask about sort of inventory levels. I mean there's been tons of conversation through this earnings cycle around inventory levels in the smartphone space. But I'm maybe more curious about the broad markets business. You guys mentioned a couple of times the obvious macroeconomic things that are going on and maybe affecting that business, having it be down a little bit. How diverse is the inventory situation in the broad markets business? Maybe you just kind of walk through what business goes direct, what business goes through the channel and how you're seeing inventory levels just for broad markets in the near term?
Liam Griffin : Sure. Sure. This is Liam. The good news here is the broad market portfolio is very diverse, extremely diverse. And it's leading towards a lot of great opportunity in many different end markets. So we have a pretty decent play there. And our teams on the operational side are highly sophisticated, we have our own supply chains. We do most of our stuff in-house. So we have a really good read on inventories are and where they should be. And I think we're managing it quite well. There's certainly some pockets of inventory out there, but really nothing that's going to impede the progress of the business. I think the really cool thing is the number of new customers that we're bringing in. And there's a mix issue when you're doing kind of the $10,000 and $20,000 accounts versus the $1 million accounts that you may have in some of the smartphone space. So a little bit of a different play. But the diversification, the margin profiles are outstanding. And like you know, Skyworks is an operator. We do just about everything in-house. And the ability to do that also includes great supply chain management, our sales teams being online, understanding where distribution plays versus direct, there's a lot of angles there that we can control. It's not easy, but it's the way we work this business. And I think we're starting to really see the benefits there in broad market and the diversification. We've talked about a few major new segments like automotive. Automotive is really tough. You've got to get certification. You got to prove your ability to execute in challenging environments. There's a lot there. We've done all that work. And we've really kind of flexed our muscles in some of the tough cases in mobile over the years, but those -- the efforts there and the knowledge that we've built is applicable for so many other markets. So we look forward to it. There's always going to be a couple of bumps and a few wrinkles, but the diversification is playing well. The customer set is growing. And the lion's share of our top tier customers are really accounts and companies that matter. So we're looking forward to more as we go forward.
Matt Ramsay : Really appreciate it. Kris, just to follow up on that topic. You had said in your script about the business snapping back in the mobile business in the back half of the calendar year, and I think we're all kind of modeling that as we work our way through the inventory correction in smartphone. But just seasonally or based on the inventory comments that Liam just made, how do you think about the shape of the year potentially in broad markets? Is that a business that can still grow again for the fiscal year and just how should we think about the shape of that as it comes back?
Kris Sennesael : Yes. No, we -- our broad markets business, as you know, it's a $2 billion -- on or about $2 billion business on an annual basis. And despite some of those macroeconomic headwinds and challenges and somewhat softer demand and maybe a little bit of inventory correction that is going on, we do believe that we can grow our broad markets business this year. And I'm not going to repeat what Liam just said, but we have strong design win momentum. We play in some high-growth markets with some really key technologies. And based on all of that, we do believe we can grow our broad markets business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder : Sounds like you're doing very well at your largest customers and you plan to do well again this year. But a real quick question about Samsung and first of all, did they broach 10% this quarter? More importantly, both in Samsung and in China, you've kind of missed a falling knife there because you don't really participate very much at all. I know that Samsung is converting over to modules in the masters, et cetera. What are your prospects for, let's say, revenue growth because everything is going to be content growth, specifically at Samsung this year because phone demand slowing for them, the ASPs in their flagship are way below where they were when they were doing a custom design. I know that the flip side is true for the master, but you don't play bigger than master. So I'm trying to get a better profile of what you think seriously could occur this year, calendar year '22 at Samsung given all the different moving parts and the fact that luckily you weren't playing much there at all in the last year or two. And then if you maybe you could break that down between flagship and master, what you think about each of those prospects, that would be helpful. And then I had a follow-up, please.
Kris Sennesael : Yes, just add. So Samsung was less than a 10% customer. I think it's very well documented. They are going through an inventory burn-off period right now. And again, proactively, we have reduced our shipments to that customer, especially in the December quarter. And I'll hand it over to Liam to provide some more color on Samsung.
Liam Griffin : Yes. I mean it's -- look, Samsung is a major player in the industry, and I think they got banged up a bit here in the cycle as did some other Android players. So we've been working through that, Ed. And the irony is like we've actually got some pretty good content in those phones. And so we look forward for the inventory to get cleared and we'll be up and to the right in terms of our business there. But I think some of that is just the volatility that the semiconductor industry and even beyond, I mean, the technology industry is going through and trying to sort through ways to get back on their feet, so to speak. And we're very focused on our own inventory and our own supply chain. So we have eyes and ears. We never want it too hot or too cold. We want to be able to deliver what the customers want. We stepped back a bit on Android as the inventory levels were building in the channel. We didn't want any part of that. Samsung is a great, great customer. Just having some bumps, we're going to work with them and ensure that we can do everything we can to help not only on the technology side, but even on the fulfillment side. So I think that's a temporary blip, honestly, I think Samsung is going to continue to do very well. They're a significant company with a lot of technology and the markets in Korea are very dynamic in cell phones and technologies that we make are vital and viewed as a really critical asset for a person there. So we think that's going to flow over and we'll start to see more accretive revenue in the second half.
Edward Snyder : And if I could, you've done particularly well at your BAW. Actually, it was rather surprising to see you go head to head with some of the leading BAW guys and actually win in that. So I'm trying to get my arms around second half of the year, say, content growth. We saw you took the satellite. We don't tear down. We got your satellite part. I think we illustrated that you got twice as many BAW filters in your Tx, your transmit DRx module as last year. And I know it sounds from this call and from what we've picked up is that you're pretty optimistic about second half content. Is it going to be a new class -- should we be looking for new classes of parts like you did with satellite? Or is it going to be more content, especially in the BAW side of the business with some of the existing as capabilities spread because we're also obviously hearing -- Qorvo didn't make no sequel, the fact that they're going to gain some in areas they had before like antenna-plexers. So I'm just trying to get my arms around how competitive the market is going to be in BAW and where you guys think you'll fit in with that given what you've done in the last couple of years?
Liam Griffin : Yes. No, that's great. That's great. I mean you know the business and you know the technology. So the nice thing here is I felt like some of the technologies were ready to go, but the market wasn't there, right? The appetite, the consumer appetite or the customer appetite wasn't really jumping all over this technology. But now you're starting to see, as we get more and more nodes and we're starting to get more efficient in delivering high-speed data and it's just becoming an opportunity for us now for -- at a more broad level. And I think you're going to see a small set of players of which we're going to be one, of course, that can do what needs to be done with these incredible customers. I mean the customers today, it's changed so much from a standard cell phone that needs the requirements, the current consumption, the ability to run globally, it's becoming more and more complex, and we love that. That's exactly what we want to see. We want to solve the tough problems. You know from the technology side, and this stuff is not easy, right? When you're bringing in all these disparate technologies into one simple module, apparently simple, right? It's really hard to do. And it's one of the things that our teams here at Skyworks love to do, our technologists, our operational team, all the way to sales. And so we love that opportunity. We love that complexity and the more use cases that emerge are great for us.
Kris Sennesael : And just to illustrate that point, our revenue from devices that have BAW filters inside is getting really close to a $2 billion annualized run rate and so it's definitely a major success story, and we believe that number will continue to go up to the ride.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Credit Suisse.
Chris Caso : A question about the Android business in general and how that translates to linearity through the year. And you said last quarter that you thought that the China business would be the low point in December. What -- did that turn out to be true? Is that true in general for Android either in December or March and if that business is sort of bottoming out, does that have any implications for June? Do you think that March quarter would be the low point in the year for revenue?
Kris Sennesael : Yes. I think that's fair. December was low. March will continue to remain low as especially China, Vivo, Xiaomi and to a certain extent, Samsung as well are still going through this inventory burn-off process. But then I think we will start seeing some improvements in the June quarter and then for sure, in the back half of calendar year 2023.
Chris Caso : Got it. That's helpful. And maybe a little longer term, as we look at the revenue prospects over the next two years or so after we get through this inventory correction that's going on right now, what do you expect to be the relative growth rates between the mobile business and broad markets? I know you've spoken a lot about the content that you expect to get in the mobile business. But do you expect that you can grow the mobile -- I'm sorry, the broad markets business at a faster rate? And maybe two years out, what do you expect broad markets to be as a percentage of revenue?
Liam Griffin : Yes. I would -- definitely, Chris, we're expecting double-digit top line in the broad markets for sure, mid-level top line, and we should be in the teens, I believe, given what we can do, what our products look like and obviously, when the air gets cleaned, the markets will be stronger. I think we're going to be in great shape. And then even on the mobile side, there's a lot of invention and unique technologies that are being brought up in mobile that people haven't really seen yet, but the best customers in the world know what they're doing, and there's a lot of incredible opportunity. For the right types of technologies and the technologies that we make are those technologies. So I think we're going to have a nice combination with, again, our strength in mobile, which is a disciplined approach. We know what we're doing. We're working with the right people. It's not easy. We've made great steps in capital. A lot of our CapEx is behind us right now. It's another key point. We talked about the free cash flow on the call already. And then the diversification theme, Chris, is really playing nicely. You heard questions about satellite, for example, you look at the broad markets. Think about our hundreds of millions of dollars of automotive revenue that we didn't have three or four years ago.  So we are -- we have really core technologies that we can take across a broad set of mobile and connected devices, but this is an extrapolation now of new applications. That is really driving the business. And you're going to see more and more of that as we go through it. It's unfortunate right now that the market is just -- we're all in kind of a bit of a slowdown here as we’re emerging, but we've got great stock that's ready to go and design wins that have been cemented, and those will roll out in the second half of the year for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from BNP Paribas.
Karl Ackerman : Two questions, if I may. First, I know you have little exposure to China Android right now. But one of the investor concerns is that you may have lost content and so perhaps you won't receive as much of a snapback as some of your peers when China demand eventually recovers. I was hoping you could address why those concerns might not be warranted? I have a follow-up.
Liam Griffin : Yes. I mean I'm glad you asked the question. We're ready to roll with Android. We have the technologies. We have the products, but we're not going to fill the channels, right? I mean there was a bit of an overhang there. We want to run discipline in our business. But I will say that inventory overhang is going to -- is starting to abate already. We see it. We have product ready to go, high-quality, top-of-line technology that we can move in. And that's just -- I can't tell you exactly when, but it's definitely happening. And we're ready. So it's an upside in our pocket that we haven't really rolled out. But we've had years and years of great position in China, OVX, specifically, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and then Samsung on its own vector, which is a huge company. And it's just unfortunate that those markets got banged up because they're going through an inventory cycle now. But on our end, we never built the inventory up. We were trying -- we try to meet the demand as it is. We don't want to get ahead of it. And our teams were very disciplined. And you could see, even in the last quarter, we talked about China revenue is below 5%. That's because the market didn't need more than that, and we didn't want to sell more than that. So I do think as we get through this quarter and starting to see towards the second half of the year, more improving macro environment, we will be very well positioned to execute. And if things change, we can move faster if we need to. But it's not a technology issue. It's not an execution issue. It's really just trying to manage the business in the appropriate way for our shareholders.
Karl Ackerman : Very clear, Liam. Kris, if I may, a question for you, more of a simple one, I suppose, but what's driving the big step down in CapEx in December? And I'm curious if this implies anything for content as we think about calendar '23.
Kris Sennesael : Yes. No. As it relates to CapEx, we definitely expect our CapEx trend to moderate compared to what we have been doing over the last five years. Just as a reminder, the last five years, we were in the 10% to 12% of revenue. We've put a lot of capacity in place. We put a lot of technology-related investments in place, especially as it relates to bulk acoustic wave and now we have to leverage that capacity. We are focusing on yield improvements. We are focusing on die shrinks. We can create more capacity without putting more equipment in place. And as a result of that, you will see a little bit of a more moderate, less capital intense CapEx in the next couple of years here. But again, we feel good about the investments that we make. And it really will help to further improve our strong cash flow that we have already. We started the year very strong. We expect further strong cash flow the remainder of the year, again, based on some moderate CapEx but we could drive our free cash flow over 30% in this fiscal year.
Liam Griffin : Yes. Just to reiterate that, the capital base that we have, okay, is -- it took a long time to get to this scale. We did a tremendous amount of work, brick-and-mortar, site level in our own facilities, and it positions us now for kind of a downhill run from CapEx. We still have great technology, great equipment, but it's brand new, right? So we spent that money over the last four or five years, strategically to build up a competency in bulk acoustic wave and other filter technologies, very, very difficult stuff. It's not available in the merchant market. So it was a make versus buy approach. We did the make. And so we developed solutions that are purpose-built for Skyworks and purpose-built for our customers. The great news is the capital is up and running. It's humming along. And sure, there'll be incremental CapEx spend over the next several years, but it won't be at the level that you look back in the last three or four because now those investments are in-house, at scale and running.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Simpson from Arete Research.
Brett Simpson : Liam, I wanted to get your perspective on new 3GPP Release 17 and also WiFi 7 using 6 gigahertz. And when it comes to these upgrades, when do you think they're going to ramp more broadly, particularly in smartphones and consumer devices? And then just maybe from a business perspective, how should we think about the overall RF content when you start to scale up WiFi 7 and Release 17 5G versus today's devices. It seems to be quite big architecture changes. So I was just curious how you think about this and the extent to which Skyworks could benefit.
Liam Griffin : Yes. No, that's a great question. Those technologies are just starting to emerge now, and they do add a great deal of complexity, and you mentioned that in your words. The good news here for us is that we've been making in-tandem investments and technology. So we've got, of course, the WiFi cycle that's going from 6 to 6E and WiFi 7. And that has its own set of incredible opportunities and kind of on the launch pad there and the complexity and the newest cycles and the new devices has been incredible for us. So we could definitely hit that and then back on other connectivity nodes, adjacent connectivity the IoT line. So those types of technologies we can deliver to the end market solutions. And that would be a big part of our broad market portfolio. And some of the most relevant players in that space, we've already had design wins with them at earlier stages, and we have a good trusted partnership. So it's definitely further into the year, but definitely an opportunity for us to get into '23, '24, '25 as we look out. But definitely another cycle that we can leverage. And as you said earlier, much more challenging from a technology perspective, but the consumers benefit there would be amazing. So I think those new technologies, they're hard to do. We've got the IP, we've got the know-how and they can create their own cycles within the next set of IoT devices.
Brett Simpson : And is there a meaningful step-up in content, Liam just -- I mean, WiFi 7,for example, I think 6 gigs and quite a lot of changes on the modulation side and the MIMO side. So I'm assuming this should be a fairly healthy step-up in IF content base. I don't know if there's any numbers you can sort of here with us on the upgrade to WiFi 7.
Liam Griffin : Yes. No, it's hard to handicap the numbers, but it's meaningful. I think you're going through. And it's kind of a pretty long step from from WiFi 6 to 7. There's a lot of work being done there. And so work also means a lot of technology being embedded. So I think we could get a 10% to 15% CAGR on that segment. And then also kind of -- that's just on content. But then if we get the user count up, you've got a double whammy. So that's kind of what we're looking for and anything along the way there is going to be incremental.
Brett Simpson : And maybe just one quick one for Kris. Just on the BAW filter, CapEx moderating. Can you talk a bit more about where the capacity for BAW looks today? And how should we think about Skyworks addressing 6 gigahertz with your BAW technology? And are you able to address that going forward?
Kris Sennesael : Yes. Again, if you look at the CapEx over the last couple of years in the $500 million, $600 million per year, the vast majority of that CapEx was going into expanding our bulk acoustic wave filter operation, where we have, of course, from a small base, doubled and doubled and doubled again the capacity there. Again, we're focusing really now on driving operational efficiencies, die shrinks, yield improvements, which gives us a lot more capacity, leveraging the installed base of the equipment that we have. And we are not done. I mean we're going to keep expanding that as we see fit. And we do believe that our revenue from devices that has bulk acoustic wave filters in will continue to grow very strongly. And we're ready for that, and we will not hesitate to put more capacity in place if and when needed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar : Very incredible results, to be honest with you, in this turbulent environment. Liam, let me ask you about China. I'm sure you're tired of it, but I know that this is hopefully the last question on this topic. You’ve de-risked China completely last go around. I think the message was that it was very close to zero. But what do you think the China opportunity is? And do you even want this business, given the volatility, the geopolitical nature of it and if you can remind us at the peak, let's say, how much it got to, let's say, over the last 5 years, maximum as a percentage of sales. I just want to gauge where you're playing and what you're really going after.
Liam Griffin : Yes, yes. Good question. Well, we've always been -- we'll work with anybody that needs our technology. We'll partner with anyone. So there really isn't any bias around where we're going to go in our markets. But China has been a challenge, I think, for ourselves and the peers in the U.S. here. And you think about even back to the Huawei situation with Huawei shutting down, that was a big business for a lot of companies in our space. It's been a volatile market operationally and some of that is COVID and all kinds of things going on. But the technologies and the work that we're doing is applicable for anybody, right? There's no reason why -- I mean the China opportunity is as good as any opportunity. But unfortunately, there had been some inventory here that we've all talked about, not specific to Skyworks, but just in general, where the markets kind of got out of sync and created a bit of an inventory overhang. And that kind of weighs on the sector, I would say. But turning it back to Skyworks, you've heard us talk about our operational efficiencies and our know-how and labs, the fabs approach. It's not -- those aren't just words. That's how we run this business. So we're very keen on what we're doing with our customers. We want to be great partners, but we also want to stay in sync with the market, right? That's really important for us. And this is just a case like that now. I think we've got a situation in China where that was in the inventory. There were some lockdowns. There were a lot of things that would impede the natural flow of revenue and engagement. And that's kind of where that market is. So we're standing ready to step back in. We have the -- it's not a technology issue. It's not even a gross margin issue really. It's about managing inventory and making sure that we're delivering to the right cadence. That's what we want to be able to do. So having said that, long dialogue, I would tell you that we think things will get better. Things will get better as the markets start to really kind of recover. And the technologies that we have are really good and we can populate just about anything out there with the solution suite that we have. So there's really -- at this point, the bad news is flushed out for us and the opportunity to grow into those markets and deliver incremental growth is right there. So we're looking forward to making that happen. And I think things are starting to warm up a little bit already. So we feel good about that as we exit.
Harsh Kumar : Okay. Liam, can I just ask maybe the similar question in a different way. Is it fair to say that you mostly look to sell standard products in China? So it doesn't -- it's not a lot of work for you outside of what you already do. And then you look to sort to service those customers while leveraging your own facilities. Is that a fair way to think about it without too much effort?
Liam Griffin : Yes. I mean, sure, we can take the business and the technologies. I mean every market has its own flavor and there's different technology nodes, higher or lower to more complex, and we're able to scale through all of it. So I would say that over time, the markets are going to get -- the markets are actually going to embrace higher levels of technology. I think a lot of the stuff that we're talking about right now, two, three years today is going to be much harder, much more difficult and companies like Skyworks, I think, will have an incremental advantage. So I think you've got a China market that solved some macro things that weren't specific to mobile. But as we wake up here and the markets start to recover, the technologies have not sat by on the sidelines. The technologies have gotten more complex and more challenging and more powerful for the users. So the one thing I would say is in the China market, have they been able to catch up with that technology? I'm not quite sure it's there. But I know that we can do that with the partners. So it's not a technology gap with us. It's not a revenue issue. It's really getting the China market to get back on their feet and then get that partnership where it should be, where it's in a natural supply and demand view. And I think we can do that. And we have no reason why we wouldn't want to do more business in China. But all those things that I mentioned, need to kind of clear up a little bit before the markets and the opportunity for us is what we want to see.
Harsh Kumar : Got it. And for my follow-up, it's March. You probably know the content for the year because these wins happen about a year before. Units are going to be pretty depressed. I was curious if you could give us a sense of what to the extent that you can, a sense of content this year? And also maybe a sense of 5G units, whether you expect 5G units to be up this year and then one for you, Kris, the 53% free cash flow number, that's a monster number, to put it bluntly. Is there something onetime out here? You talked about CapEx going down? Or is this something sustainable for Skyworks?
Kris Sennesael : So Harsh, I'll take the cash flow question first, and then I'll turn it back to Liam. Very happy with the very strong cash flow and free cash flow, obviously, in December. I would say three elements. Our world-class profitability level, 37% operating margin, not a lot of companies and tax base doing that. Secondly, yes, great working capital management, although a good guy and a bad guy, right? Inventory is still somewhat elevated. We will work it down over time. But we definitely had strong collections in the December quarter, which is a little bit of a onetime item. And then thirdly, as we discussed earlier, some moderate CapEx in December and going forward. And the combination of those three, delivered strong cash flow, and we'll continue to deliver strong cash flow. And then I'll turn it to Liam on the other question.
Liam Griffin : The content, yes. Exactly. So yes, when we think about content it's -- the way we're seeing it now with the customers that we're working with, especially at the high end. It's not more of the same thing. It's not, hey, we had two devices now, there's three devices. It's really about what's going on inside. We're seeing a lot of innovation and performance and the new suite of technologies. Now I'm not going to give you the time line on this because this is kind of a cycle of improvement. So stay with me on that. But there's no question that if you look at where a high-end smartphone is today and the content that is available versus what we see one, two, three, four, five years out is going to be dramatically different. We really believe it. We have great engagement with customers, and we -- they're all kind of in the same spot. Everyone has a different way to get there. So the units I think are going to continue to be where they are. There'll be more growth. But the content and the usage cases are going to expand. And I say usage cases because that doesn't mean just a mobile phone. If you think about technologies like 5G, they're technology vectors. They connect things wirelessly. It could be an automobile, it be connected to a data center, a HiFi WiFi solution. There's so many different applications with the right use cases. And I think if you think about Skyworks, it's not just about mobile. Mobile is an important vector, but all the other technology vectors that we can work through IoT and other markets will continue to grow. And the other thing that's great about that is they're on their own cyclical path. It doesn't go through the same kind of annual cycle that we do see in mobile, which is fine. But the opportunity to have an uncorrelated path in technologies that are not in a mobile phone. And I think we're going to see that more and more things like automobiles and data centers and some of these other really interesting IoT devices. So keep that in the back of your mind because that part of the business is really moving. Mobile is doing great. We have super technologies. We're going to continue to do well. But the other side of the field is an incredible opportunity for our investors and the opportunity for Skyworks to deliver world-class solutions. So I'll leave you with that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin : Great. Thank you all. I appreciate your participation in today's call. Look forward to seeing you in upcoming conferences. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, David. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' fourth fiscal quarter and year-end 2022 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Before reviewing the fourth fiscal quarter results, I want to highlight the significant accomplishments that underpinned another year of record financial performance for Skyworks. Specifically, for fiscal 2022, we generated a record $5.5 billion in revenue, a 7% year-over-year increase. We achieved a record $2 billion in revenue for our broad markets, up 37% year-over-year, representing 36% of total revenue. We drove earnings per share to a record of $11.24, and we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now turning to the September quarter. Our diversified portfolio and expanding set of customers drove record Q4 performance. We delivered revenue of $1.4 billion, a Q4 record and above consensus estimates. We achieved gross margin of 51.3% and operating margin of 37.6%. And we posted earnings per share of $3.02, exceeding our guidance by $0.12. In addition to the record financial results, we continued building a foundation for long-term growth, with strong operational execution and design win momentum. In mobile, we delivered integrated platforms to the leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier launches at Google, Samsung and others. In IoT, we continue to gain new customers and extend the content. We partnered with Vodafone to launch the UK's first Wi-Fi 6E platform. We shipped into tri-band platforms for Frontier Communications, and we launched connectivity solutions with Amazon, supporting their Wi-Fi 6 Power over Ethernet access points. Across the infrastructure and industrial markets, we provided programmable timing solutions for a leading optical transport OEM, simplifying 400G capacity in data centers and telco networks. We captured new infrastructure wins at Samsung, enabling service providers to expand mid-band capacity and coverage. And we delivered comprehensive timing technologies, delivered to a leading O-RAN small cell provider. In automotive, we achieved another record of quarterly results, with revenue strength highlighting our connectivity and power isolation portfolio. We secured digital radio platforms with a global EV leader, as well as a top European luxury brand. We developed onboard charging solutions for a leading Korean OEM, and we received a key supplier award from Schneider Electric, highlighting the capabilities of our power isolation portfolio. Moving forward, mobility, the shift to the cloud and the electrification of automobiles are all key catalysts driving demand for our unique solutions. The value and utility of mobile data continues to grow, with estimates of 750 million mobile subscribers being added by 2027. In parallel, global cloud revenues are expected to reach $1 trillion by 2028, representing an annual growth rate of 16%. And by 2030, an estimated 96% of new vehicles will feature onboard connectivity and nearly 25 of those vehicles will be electric. Each of these trends require complex connectivity engines, underpinning the need for high-speed, ultra-reliable, low latency performance. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to craft faster, smaller and more efficient form factors, seamlessly integrating and customizing for an expanding set of customers, end markets and applications. As these opportunities emerge, Skyworks is poised to win, with a talented team that has executed extraordinarily well in the face of macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds. With our market-leading profitability and scale, we are leveraging strategic technologies from high-performance filters to custom gallium arsenide and advanced packaging, while elevating performance for a coveted set of diverse customers. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 was $1.407 billion, up 7% year-over-year and up 14% sequentially, driven by both mobile and broad markets. Broad markets were particularly strong at just over $500 million of revenue in the quarter, up 30% year-over-year and representing 36% of total revenue. Gross profit in the fourth quarter was $721 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51.3%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $192 million, or 13.7% of revenue. We generated $529 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 37.6%. We incurred $15 million of other expenses and our effective tax rate was 5.3%, driving net income of $486 million. Top line growth and execution on margins drove diluted earnings per share of $3.02, ahead of consensus estimates and representing growth of 24% sequentially and 15% compared to Q4 of last year. Turning to cash flow. Fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $236 million and capital expenditures were $142 million. In terms of capital allocation, during the quarter, we returned $179 million to shareholders, paying $99 million in dividends and repurchasing approximately 800,000 shares of our common stock for a total of $80 million. Let's also review our fiscal year 2022 performance. Revenue grew 7% to a record of $5.5 billion, gross profit was $2.8 billion, resulting in a gross margin of 51.2%. Operating income reached $2 billion with an operating margin of 37.3%. Net income was $1.8 billion, translating into a record of $11.24 of diluted earnings per share, up 7% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. And during fiscal 2022, we returned $1.3 billion of cash back to the shareholders with $373 million in dividends and $887 million in share buybacks. So in summary, the Skyworks team delivered record revenue and earnings per share in fiscal 2022, while fortifying the business with the investments that advance our technology leadership and support long-term profitable growth. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2023. Given broad demand weakness, we expect revenue to decline on a sequential basis. Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.300 billion and $1.350 billion. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 51.25% and to 51.75%. We expect operating expenses of approximately $190 million to $193 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $16 million in other expense and a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 12.5%. The increase in the tax rate from prior fiscal years reflects the impact of the US tax loss requiring the capitalization and amortization of R&D expenses for tax purposes, starting in Q1 of fiscal 2023. Absent legislative action to reverse the R&D capitalization rules, we expect our full year fiscal 2023 non-GAAP effective tax rate to be consistent with the 12.5% we are estimating for Q1. We also expect our diluted share count to be approximately 160.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.325 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.59. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. As our record financials demonstrate, our portfolio is powering an increasingly broad set of applications across the market's most essential and fast and growing -- fastest growing segments. Our proven execution and deep customer partnerships position Skyworks to outperform. Moving forward, our revenue diversification, profitability and cash generation will fuel long-term growth, while increasing shareholder returns through dividends and share buybacks. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys. Liam, Kris and team, first of all, congratulations. These are amazing results compared to the rest of the people in the industry. Liam and Kris, you talked about macro when you talked about the guide. I wanted to understand how much of a function China and inventory problems in China is, part of the decline for the December quarter, or is US a part of that as well? And then, most folks are indicating that China is pretty off. I'd be curious about what -- how your business is doing in China. So any color you have there would be appreciated. And then, I've got a follow-up?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Harsh. Appreciate the question. Yes, it's certainly been volatile across the space. But I would say the China markets have been certainly a unique situation. Now, as you know, for us, we've been much more focused on the higher-end brands, although we're exposed to global markets broadly. What we have seen is, Android markets contract quite a bit. And within there, the OVX portfolios and mobile have been hit quite hard. But the good news for us, Harsh, and I think you know this, is that we've been slowly driving more towards the higher-end brands. The exposure to the OVX markets have been radically reduced and derisked in our portfolio. Even going back to the early days of the Huawei and ZTE and coming down to the OVX markets, we've been able to manage through those headwinds. But I would say that, as we go forward, the portfolio that we have in front of us is outstanding the technology developments that we put forth, the investments that we've made in scale and technology, the diversification themes that we put forth, they are all going to be incredible benefits and tailwinds for us once these markets normalize. So we feel really good about it. China is definitely a weak spot, I think, in terms of relative strength, there's still some opportunity for us, but it's definitely a bumpy part of the landscape today.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks, Liam. And then for my follow-up, the question that we're already getting from investors is that, everybody else is sort of hurting in the industry relative to you guys. So the question that we're getting is, maybe, as we start to look past December, do you think that the flush in China, for at least Skyworks, is largely contained in the December quarter, or do you think it's possible that China gets materially worse for you as you look into the March and maybe even the June quarter?
Liam Griffin: Yes. It's hard to tell for sure, Harsh. But I would say that, the relationships that we have with the key customers and the visions that we have together on opportunities, we still feel like there can be some recovery here. Of course, this is unique circumstances for the industry, in general, but I definitely would look at Skyworks to outperform on a relative basis. There may be some headwinds here continued, but I expect that our team is going to be able to navigate that better than others. It's not just words. The ability to manage our fabs, to deliver very, very high-performance solutions in our factories and put those together with our customers day to day. So we're not a company that puts products on the shelf and looks for our customers to pull. We work together to drive a demand curve to be very, very much in lockstep with the players that we're with. And hopefully, that has been in the past, and hopefully, we'll continue that we can continue to drive success with our customers knowing that we're a proven supplier and a proven solution for them.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. And maybe I would add there that December for China is definitely the low point. It can’t get much lower than that. The question is, when does it switch back on? Is it in March? We expect some of it to start in March or the following quarter. But, again, in December, it's completely derisked. It can’t get much lower than that.
Operator: Okay. Next, we'll go to Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Matt Ramsay: Yes. Thank you very much, guys. Good afternoon. And I guess for my first question, Liam, maybe you could talk to me about the non-mobile business and the trends there? I know there'll be a lot of questions around inventory corrections and whatnot in the smartphone market, in China and with your largest customer, but I wanted to focus on the broad markets business, because it's a bit more diverse. Maybe you could kind of walk us through the different sort of subsegments of that collection of businesses, the stuff that you acquired, the core Skyworks business. And if there's any puts and takes on where you're seeing weakness? I know there's some folks that across consumer devices, there's certainly some weakness. There's been hints at the start of some weakness in industrial, you guys are exposed to data center where -- and wireless, where there's some different trends in different markets. But if you could just kind of walk through the puts and takes there and what you expect that broad markets business to do in the guidance on a sequential basis, that would be really helpful? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Good question. Just to kind of kick that off, we ended our fiscal 2022 with a $2 billion broad markets business. So that's really good. 36% of annual revenue there. So a lot of good work going on. But the opportunity there is outstanding. If you look at some of the markets that we have today, really good position, a lot of strength in mobile, and that will continue. But the broad markets business has an entirely different set of opportunities. It's much broader. The technology nodes are more far reaching, and the customer set is extremely large. I think those are important, important points. If you think about where we're going right now, we're making strides in the automotive business. We're making more and more headwind here or more an upside in infrastructure. The IoT portfolios continue to grow, a lot of connectivity in that, but also looking at more industrial applications and industrial customers. So there's a lot going on there in broad markets. And our sales and marketing teams are working every corner of the globe here to drive revenue. There's definitely for Skyworks, a lot of headroom coming from our current base, and we expect that to be a key driver going into FY 2023 and beyond.
Matt Ramsay: Got it. Thank you for that, Liam. Just as my follow-up, Kris, a quick clarification in the guide for December, up, down, flat for broad markets. And I guess my second question is, we were talking to the folks at Qualcomm last night, they have a pretty good view of the global smart mobile market given their breadth. And they talked about weakness in mid-tier Android in China, which has been there for a while, sort of expanding to weakness globally and moving into higher tiers of the market, including the premium tier, with customers wanting to hold less inventory basically across the board in smartphone. Is that something that you guys are observing in sort of the premium tier of the market as well? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So clarification on broad markets in the guide to December, so it's kind of flattish on a sequential basis, but still up on a year-over-year basis, low single digits.
Operator: All right. Next, we'll go to Raji Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Raji Gill: Yes. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats as well on kind of better-than-expected results relative to peers for the December guide. But I'm just curious going back to the December guide and the commentary around China. My understanding that you had significantly derisked your China handset business December of last year, as you started to stop basically shipping into the channel. And China was a relatively small percentage of revenue, 2%, 3%, 4% in terms of smartphones, I might be mistaken there. And so, I'm just curious, the sequential decline in mobile phone when you're kind of your top customers have been ramping pretty well, better than the expectations. So just curious why the smartphone business is down sequentially in Q4, given your top customer ramp and then given your limited exposure in China?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So there's two parts to the business, right? So, there is the large customer and then is Android. Within Android, there are two large players as well. There is China, basically Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and then there is Samsung. We definitely have been derisking China for the last couple of quarters, given the COVID-19 lockdowns and the well-documented softness in end customer demand in the China market. But there is also a Korean player in Android where we have been doing really well. We have seen very strong year-over-year revenue growth in fiscal 2022 with that customer. However, that customer is also not immune to some of the softness on the global demand, including some of the European markets. And so, that -- it's very well documented as well there. There is some inventory overhang at that customer and that's definitely having an impact on our December guide.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I would also say that, despite the near-term bumps with that customer, there's a great opportunity for content gains, and so we're excited about that. And there's really -- there isn't anything that's going to impede on an effort. So there's a lot of opportunity for us to round that out. I think the China case, we have derisked appropriately, but we have a great deal of opportunity with the other leading smartphone players. So -- and we're -- our teams are all over that.
Raji Gill: Yes. Thank you for that. And just for my follow-up, just a question on the inventory, both kind of internal inventory as well as inventory in the channel. So if I look at the absolute dollar inventory, it's up about almost 30% on a year-over-year basis relative to revenue growth of 7%. So number one, I just wanted to get understanding of how you're managing internal inventory? And then, how would you characterize, I guess, smartphone channel inventory or any inventory in the broad market? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So as it relates to the internal inventory, I'm comfortable with where inventory is on our books. Actually, in the September quarter, it came down six days in terms of days of inventory. You have to keep in mind that the products and the solutions that we bring to market are very complex, highly integrated solutions, and we're actually doing more and more in that. That also means that actually, your production cycle times are getting extended as you have to integrate more and more, especially filters, more and more filters into our integrated solutions. In addition to that, I've talked about that before. In a supply chain challenged environment over the last couple of years, we definitely have increased buffer stocks, making sure that we can supply to our customers. In addition to that, we are level-loading our factories. We have seasonality in our business, and we are trying to maximize factory utilizations through level loading. Having said all of that, I think, the supply chain disruptions and the tightness in the supply chain is probably going to get a little bit easier. So that will allow us to potentially in the future, reduce some of those buffer stocks and will further help us to gradually bring down the days of inventory. That's on the internal inventory, on the external. In terms of channel inventory, we manage that very carefully, I would say, that's at a normal level. I think we're -- the bigger issue is some of the inventory at our customers at the phone level, and again, that's been very well documented. There's definitely pockets of elevated inventory at the phone level, especially in the Android part of the business.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and I need to congratulate you as well on a strong finish to the year. I wanted to start off by asking about some customer mix percentages for the fourth quarter. Specifically, what was the mix from your largest customer? And were there any other greater than 10% customers in the fourth quarter?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So our largest customer in the September quarter was approximately 63% of our business. So great execution by the team here, reporting the launch of our largest customer, new products that translated into a 30% sequential growth or a 14% year-over-year growth. I know, there is always a lot of question about is Skyworks game content or not. While those numbers clearly illustrate that we had a major uplift in content in the new products that have been launched by our large customer.
Gary Mobley: The other greater than 10% customers?
Kris Sennesael: No. That was the only plus 10% customer in the quarter.
Gary Mobley: Okay. As my follow-up question, what sort of big or double-clicks into your Q1 guide. So it looks like it's about few hundred million dollars shy of what you would normally expect, given the normal seasonal sequential comp. Can you quantify how much of that is just general market weakness versus what is inventory drawdown from what sounds like your -- on Samsung?
Kris Sennesael: I think the biggest culprit is definitely an inventory overhang in Android, right? In China -- I'm talking at the phone level, not necessarily at the component level. China with Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and then more, recently as well with our Korean customer. That is definitely the main culprit here.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Amber Srivastava with BMO. Your line is open.
Amber Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. What is the percent of the China Android business for you now, Kris?
Kris Sennesael: Very small. Very small. As I said, we've derisked it. We've been bringing it down over the last couple of quarters, because we noticed that there was an inventory overhang building up, and so we derisked it and it's now very small.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And that being, largely -- we're talking about China here. Obviously, we have other Android players that are continuing to drive solutions and have some -- I think some really good opportunities that will flow through the year.
Amber Srivastava: That's okay. I understand. And so, just to make sure, when you say very small, it's like low single digit as a percent of total sales. And what was it at the peak? And then a quick follow-up, Kris, what's the CapEx for the full year?
Kris Sennesael: So in fiscal 2022, we did $489 million, $490 million of CapEx, which was 9% to revenue. So we definitely will continue to invest in the business, but we also will do that in a smart way. And given some of the demand softness that we experience now, we definitely are going to manage our CapEx accordingly.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask you, on March, and I know you don't want to guide March probably, but just the moving pieces, obviously, big misses from Qorvo and Qualcomm, but they did both highlight content games at Samsung. That seems to be the one offset for March. So I guess it's two part. How do you feel about your content and growth at that customer? And then if you can, just more thoughts as to the two moving pieces, should the box inventory, I guess, zero, you're shipping basically nothing, but should the Korean inventory situation be done by then? And I guess, your prospects for growth kind of with new business there?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Blayne. This is Liam. The content opportunity for us continues to grow. We have penetrated some really unique solutions with our largest customer and really the opportunities going forward are very bright. The engagement is outstanding. And our ability to outperform technically with that customer is continuing, and I don't think that's going to change at all. So we're really bullish on that. When we go back to things like Samsung, I think there's a lot of opportunity there. We just got an odd turn right now the way that market grow it out. But the opportunities continue to be strong. We are, I think, right now dealing with some really nice new technology that we're bringing forth in the portfolio beyond handsets. If you look at where this business is going to go after some of the inventory burns down. And we're very, very tight on that, by the way. We know how to work with the largest customer. We've been doing this for years, and we're very close in terms of the signals that we have that will help us manage inventories, et cetera. But a lot of good stuff going on there, and we should definitely expect from us to do more on the Android side, maybe absent some of the China players.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And then, I just wanted to go to Matt's question on broad markets and the moving pieces, because obviously, consumer Wi-Fi sounds very weak, maybe service provider and more mixed. And then, you tell me, I guess, I'm curious the direction that the Silicon Labs business is, because I know they were shorted for a while and have more in terms of exposure, maybe more industrial communications and such. So just thoughts on those kind of moving pieces, as to what drove the beat? And then you're not seeing much of a dip in December. Are you seeing weakness in one area and its offset, or are you just not seeing much weakness?
Liam Griffin: Yes. So I would look at two things. On the MSF lab portion, really good stuff. I know you've heard it from us before, but honestly, this is a deal that has gone better than we expected and it continues to increase. So we're really excited about that; a lot of new opportunities. But then on the Wi-Fi portfolio, as we start to move through Wi-Fi 6 and 6E, we've got a great lead in that product line. There's a lot of technology that we're bringing to bear. It's higher grade. It's higher performance. Consumers are just now starting to buy into that, think of that Wi-Fi as kind of a cycle similar like 5G. There's a lot of replacement and new engagement around that portfolio, and we have a great solution. So we're feeling good about that. And then another market that's popped up, obviously through the SLAB deal was automotive, and we didn't talk that much about it today yet, but it's a really critical part of the portfolio. We've got a power isolation business that's doing incredible things. We've got customer engagements with names that we wouldn't have had with the Skyworks two or three years ago. So we're really excited about that. The brands are starting to extend the application set is getting stronger, and the technologies that we're populating are really, really critical and unique.
Operator: Okay. Next we'll go to Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Your line is open. 
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Thanks Liam and Kris. I appreciate taking my question. I want to follow up on Blayne's last one, which was your comps in broad markets being flattish for December, that does seem exceptionally strong versus peers after coming off outperformance in September versus your previous guide, I think, to the tune of roughly 10 points. And so, I guess, how much of the outperformance is from some of the backlog you have serviced that I think was initially challenged by match set issues in the last quarter or two, that seems to be loosening up. So, I guess, how much of that outperformance is driven by that? And then I have a follow-up.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, there's some gains with kind of unfreezing that backlog. But the truth is, it's really new design wins and new opportunities. And I know we've said it before in other calls, but the organization is really melting now into a period where we've got great technology. We have engagements with customers on both sides, the SLAB side and obviously the core Skyworks, and the business development is going really well. The revenue is growing better than we thought actually, and we continue to see more and more opportunities for growth. And also, you've got pretty solid margins in that portfolio as well. So it's going really well. A lot more to do. I would bet hard on data center and automotive here and that portfolio, that's starting to really ramp. But it's been a great transaction, and there's a lot more to go from there.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. No, I appreciate that, Liam. I guess to that point, the I&A division you acquired brought you new opportunities in automotive connectivity and power isolation for electric vehicles and data center hardware. Could you just talk about that? Could you just see click on some of those opportunities, because they seem to be gaining much traction. So maybe any things you might call out on that. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean -- so I'll give you an example. We're dealing with companies like AWS and Google Cloud and data center. That wasn't there a year or two ago. We didn't have that business. We come around and look at automotive, power isolation, really critical technologies. We didn't have those a year ago or two years ago. There's a lot of great stuff going on in the infrastructure markets that we have had a position in, but now we're expanding. And you get deeper into the automotive space, there's just an amazing set of technologies that require wireless and/or high-performance semiconductor products, and that's what we do really well. It also helps us, as we start to move further and further into autonomous, where high-speed connectivity, wireless high-speed connectivity, is absolutely critical. We all know that. So it is really a -- it's a dovetail between great customer engagement, technology and also really diversified end markets that are growing. So we're excited about it. And like I said, we've been outperforming on that transaction. We're putting more investment into that portfolio, because it's returning phenomenally. And there have been some sticky spots with supply chain, and you mentioned that in your question, that was one of the things that would drag a bit, and I think we're getting through it. But it's a different business where Skyworks is a little bit more of a big game hunter approach, and that's fine. But the I&A portfolio is much broader. And with the support and funding from the larger Skyworks, I think there's just incredible things that we can do competitively, and we're looking forward to that. Operator: Next, we'll go to Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is now open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I have two. Kris, I have a question on the December guidance. I mean, even if I zero out China Android and zero out Samsung, the big customer is down about 10% year-over-year, and you were down 30% year-over-year in September. The units at least aren't a really big mystery for September. So I'm just trying to foot that and reconfirm that you actually gained share this launch. I think you were planning to gain 5% to 10% content. And maybe if you did gain the share, could it be that maybe that customer bought parts for this launch much earlier, because of how much money they left on the table during the last cycle due to the constraints. Can you just help us fit all that?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Tim, I think we probably will have to take that offline and go into a deeper dive there. I think you have to take into account that part of the large customer revenue is in broad markets, as we sell many of our solutions into other devices than their phones, and I think that's part of the reconciliation there. But again, the business, as I said before, with the large customer is strong. It was strong in September and continue to be relatively strong in December, as we execute with content gains in the new form lineup and continue to support their ramp.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Yes. Let's take it offline. I guess then the second question is really on March. And I know there was a question just asked about this, but to ask it maybe a little different way. So seasonality this year, obviously, is a bit wonky, because December is usually not down, and it's down this time. March is usually down low teens, sequentially. I would think maybe it could be a little bit better than that. Can you sort of give us a little bit of a sense on March, just in light of how December is like so much below normal seasonal? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Tim, so this is a very volatile environment. There is macroeconomic headwinds. There is a war going on in Europe. There is COVID flares. So we're going to stick to guiding one quarter at a time. But, I mean, some of the elements that you mentioned there, of course, could potentially have an impact on the March quarter. We discussed before, it will depend to a certain extent on how the inventory at the phone level gets resolved and when some of that Android business start picking up again.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And I will say that, we definitely will have visibility. So we're not blind. We're really close to the customers. And so, we're on top of the transaction. So everything that Kris said is exactly true. And I would just add that our ability to look through the channel and be engaged with our customers and our suppliers is very strong.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is now open.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Liam, first of all, congratulations on the content gain through largest customer, especially the transmit DRx parts, but I suppose that puts the rest, at least for the next year, the prelaunch rumors of a net decline in content and share loss. Our test around the part showed a lot of our filters, which has been a trending for you over the last several years. I was just wondering, has this brought you to the point where you feel confident about competing for something like a mid-high band module, or is this reliance still on really complex MUX filters put it out of reach unless we see like an RFP architecture change that would pull those modules out. I'm just trying to get a feel for -- you saw really good content gains over the last several years, largely on new parts. So I'm just wondering, if you're going to start looking at poaching off some of the stuff that been around for quite a long time, but you didn't have the technology for in the past. And then, I have a follow-up.
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes. Good question and I appreciate that. Yes, I mean, you've heard me say it before, we like to take the fast ball early, right? So we try to really capitalize on the most challenging opportunities and then kind of go downhill, and that's what we've been doing. And we really do our best work in the higher-end, most challenging environments and our design teams are exceptional, and they really enjoy this -- again, they like the hunt as well. So you're going to see us to -- I appreciate your visibility on what we've done already, which is pretty solid and more to go. But our design teams and our engineers are fired up. They want to take more. We're going to try to grow the portfolio with the largest customer, but also with many, many others outside the largest customers. So as you know, performance wins, complexity, resolution wins, having the ability to put that all together and make it look really easy, that's what we try to do, and hopefully, that trend will continue.
Edward Snyder: Okay. And then, just as a kind of housekeeping there. By our calculations, that was in excess of about 10% content gain. I just want to check, Kris, maybe if you could give us a reality check on that. Is that in the ballpark, or do we feel like we're a little low there? And then if I could, Liam, should we expect the architectures -- Wi-Fi 7 is coming? And should we expect the architecture of that, especially in phones to shift back to external amps? And if so, can they use SiGe, the frequencies will have to be gas, because Qorvo, obviously mentioned last night, it's an area of growth for them. So I was just curious about the technology breakdown for that and then if you're seeing more competition in that area.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So, first, yes, you did a great job at the teardowns and your conclusion of content gains in excess of 10% is absolutely true.
Operator: And our final question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Blake Friedman: This is Blake Friedman on Vivek Arya. So just a quick question on your large Korean customer. I know one of your peers last night also highlighted various design wins there. So just curious, from your perspective, if you're seeing an overall expansion of the TAM at this customer or if you believe you're seeing share gains in any way?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Honestly, here, we're starting to see an expansion of TAM with the largest Korean customer. That's always been kind of a battle for lower cost versus performance, and what we're seeing is that performance is the driver. And if you look at the incremental user experience between a mid to a higher-end phone is exceptional. And we see it here in the US with the leading player, but it's also a great opportunity for mid-tier. So there's a lot to do there, and I think that's a great opportunity for us with the largest Korean player. We've got the China business derisked, and we've got a great position with the top brand. So we're looking forward to getting through some of the bumps that we're dealing with right now and moving into a stronger 2023.
Blake Friedman: Great. And then, just kind of a follow-up to that, maybe more at a higher level outside of the unit we test, more on the content side. At this point with 5G penetration, being about like 55%, 60% of the overall market and your largest customer mostly transitioned to a full 5G suite. I was just kind of hoping you could talk about the future content opportunities as the cycle matures, and more importantly, from generation to generation, what the -- on average maybe the expected content growth should be?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, the utility of these high-end smartphones is so critical to the user. So we've been seeing consistently opportunity for growth in what we call content, our technology reach, and we're not seeing that abate. And the nice thing is it's also branching out. It isn't just -- we've done some great work with Bulk Acoustic Wave and TC-SAW and capitalizing on our in-house gallium arsenide, all these unique solutions and bringing them together in a holistic solution that can go into multi-end markets. The good news is, the companies that we deal with, especially the largest ones, they want to push the envelope. They want the performance to get stronger. They want the performance to drive more applications, and that drives more technology reach for Skyworks. So we really don't see that change. And the usage cases around mobility and connectivity, I think everyone on this call, we all know it. It's really vibrant. -- we'll have pockets at quarters where things get bumpy, but the net output here is going to be up onto the right and the technologies and the know-how to put that together and engage with the right customers is, I think, very critical, and it's something that we continually try to improve upon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating in today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Joanne. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to Skyworks third fiscal quarter 2022 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks Mitch, and welcome everyone. Skyworks delivered record third quarter results with double-digit year-over-year growth and revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share, highlighting our resilient business model and disciplined execution. With strong design win momentum across an expanding and diverse customer set, we are well positioned to drive sequential growth into the second half of the calendar year. Looking at the quarter in more detail, we delivered record Q3 revenue of $1.23 billion, above consensus and up 10% compared to last year. Highlighting our content expansion in premium 5G enabled smartphones along with growth in automotive, data center and network infrastructure. We achieved gross margin of 51.2%. We posted earnings per share of $2.44, up 13% year-over-year. We have continued to return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And today, we announced an 11% increase to our quarterly dividend that marks our eighth consecutive year of dividend increases. In addition to generating solid results in a challenging macro environment, we are leveraging decades of targeted investments to drive a pipeline of design wins, spanning an array of market critical solutions. Specifically in mobile, we delivered Sky5 platforms to the leading smartphone OEMs, including launches at Google, Samsung and many others. Skyworks Technology leadership, innovation and scale has allowed us to continue to capture an outsize share of our mobile revenue from high performance 5G platforms. In Enterprise and IoT, we powered tri-band access points at Cisco, ramped Orange Livebox 6, Europe's first carrier-grade 6E platform. We launched advanced solutions with Verizon for integrated WiFi and cellular gateways and supported Google's newest Pixel Watch with our cellular GPS, WiFi and Bluetooth technologies. In automotive, we achieved an all-time record revenue and quarterly – at this last quarter. As we executed on our vision to drive connectivity and lead the ship to electrification. During the quarter, we ramped next-generation wireless and EV power technology across multiple top OEMs. We leverage our timing solutions with a market leading robo taxi and driverless vehicle provider. And finally, in infrastructure and industrial, we captured multiple design wins at European equipment and service providers, fueling massive MIMO deployments. We delivered integrated timing solutions to the market leaders and data center, and network infrastructure. And we ship modules for high power industrial and IoT applications, supporting a prominent brand and smart energy. Moving forward, we see a continued expansion in data consumption, dependent on seamless, reliable and ubiquitous wireless connectivity. A few statistics illustrate this point. Global wireless data traffic is expected to grow at a 27% annual rate over the next five years. Machine to machine connections, the fastest growing IoT category will soon surpass 15 billion users. By 2030, we expect 650 million connected cars each consuming 25 times the data that we see in today's smartphone.  Over the past two decades, Skyworks has made critical investments to power this connectivity transformation. Addressing all key network technologies from cellular to advanced-WiFi, enhanced GPS and Bluetooth among others. Capitalizing on both organic growth and strategic acquisitions, we are gaining momentum in high growth verticals, while at the same time, diversifying our revenue and customer set. Looking ahead, our design win pipeline and unique in-house capabilities are positioning us for continued outperformance. Leveraging decades of innovation, we deliver purpose-built solutions underpinned by in-house gallium arsenide temperature, temperature-compensated SAW filters, bulk acoustic wave technologies and customized packaging.  With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for discussion of Q3 and our Q4 outlook.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks Liam. During the third fiscal quarter of 2022 Skyworks delivered record revenue of $1.23 billion, an increase of 10% year-over-year. The growth was fueled by expanding our technology reach at the largest smartphone OEMs including Samsung and Google, partially offset by soft demand from China customers. Mainly as a result of the lockdowns early in the quarter.  In addition, broad markets revenue was up 38% year-over-year. As we continue to drive design wins and revenue with innovative solutions for fast growing end-markets, including automotive, industrial, data center and network infrastructure. Gross profit in the second quarter was $631 million resulting in a gross margin of 51.2% up 60 basis points compared to Q3 of last year. Operating expenses were $191 million slightly down on a sequential basis. We generated $440 million of operating income translating into an operating margin of 35.7%. We incurred $11 million of other expense and our effective tax rate was 8.1% driving net income of $394 million. Based on a further reduction of our weighted average share count to 161.5 million shares, we achieved earnings per share of $2.44 exceeding consensus estimates and up 13% year-over-year. Turning to cash flow, our third fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $214 million and our capital expenditures were $125 million. In terms of capital allocation during the quarter, we returned $209 million to shareholders, paying $90 million in dividends and repurchasing 1 million share of our common stock for a total of $119 million. During the first nine months of the fiscal year, Skyworks has returned more than $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share purchases representing 129% of our free cash flow.  In summary, the Skyworks team delivered another solid quarter with Q3 record revenue and earnings per share, while making the investments in our technology and product roadmaps to support future growth. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q4 of fiscal 2022. We expect to deliver double digit sequential revenue and earnings per share growth in the September quarter. Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.375 billion and 1.425 billion. At the midpoint of $1.4 billion revenue for the quarter is expected to increase 14% sequentially. This outlook takes into account the seasonal impact from major product launches, leveraging our technology leadership, deep customer engagements and world class in-house manufacturing capabilities.  Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 51% to 51.5%. We expect operating expenses of approximately $190 million to $194 million. Below the line we anticipate roughly $12 million in other expense and a tax rate of approximately 9%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 161 million shares. Accordingly at the midpoint of the revenue range, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.90 an increase of 19% sequentially.  Lastly, given our conviction in Skyworks long-term strategic outlook and consistent cash generation, we announced an 11% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.62 per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks Kris. Skyworks decades long investments are driving increasing opportunities across the market's fastest growing segments. Fueling our momentum going into the second half of the calendar year, with our customer count doubling year-over-year in a broad markets portfolio on pace for $2 billion in annualized revenue, our business is more diverse than ever. Finally, our consistently strong profitability, cash generation and diverse revenue streams fund our ability to invest and win while returning cash to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Raji Gill at Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Raji Gill: Yes. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on managing, providing good results through a kind of a crazy cycle. Just a question on China. I know it's about 10% to 15% of your revenue, but wondering kind of what you're seeing in terms of the inventory situation there across the China handset OEMs? And just in general, if you can make a distinction on the premium level of handsets in the overall market versus low-to-mid tier, how would you characterize the demand landscape there and the level of channel inventory in the market as you see it today?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yeah, it's been certainly a challenging market in China and there's several factors that played out here, right? Of course you had lockdowns in some of the major provinces and across many of the factories that impeded demand even with the larger customers. And then you also had a group of folks that were just a little bit less prepared for the lockdowns as well. So if you look at the high-end market, China is still a market where you can get some very, very strong activity, tampered bit by lockdowns, which we think are going to abate rather quickly. But on the lower-end, the OBX brands really hadn't performed too well at all. So that was an area that was weak generally. But if you look at the way Skyworks has been positioned, our aperture has been much more towards the mid-to-high tier. So our exposure to the OBX market has come down. In many cases it was our position to do that and our choice to do it. At the same time in parallel, we had tremendous schemes with names like Google and some of our other flagship players Samsung even doing quite well. So a lot going on there, China was definitely bumpy, but it's still a market that consumes the technology. And we do think that some of the manufacturing issues and supply chain problems are going to abate and we see even more of a tailwind.
Raji Gill: Appreciate that. For my follow-up, last quarter that you cited $50 million push out related to your top customer as they were having challenges, assembling final components given the lockdowns in China and in Singapore. And to account for that last month in April, you attempt to kind of de-risk the June quarter and guided it down 7% to 8%, and you're kind of falling in that range. Wondering how you're thinking about the ramp in the September and December quarters as your top customer is through that process and starts to launch new platforms with your content. 
Liam Griffin: Sure. 
Raji Gill: Are you still expecting a steep ramp? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yeah. So we have a lot more clarity on that side of the field. Again, we work with everyone, but we have a high degree of visibility in some of those premium brands and we feel very good about that. For two reasons, we think the appetite for the technologies continues to grow, the use cases continue to grow around connectivity and mobility. And the market leaders, the market leaders are actually consolidating. And we know who the market leaders are and we're very well positioned. So we're excited about that. We feel very good about where our technologies are going, the breadth of our offering, driving some incredible technologies with our bulk acoustic wave, our in-house gallium arsenide packaging, doing all of this in our amazing fabs admits a market where everyone's challenged with supply chain.  So a lot of good work going on there, and we do expect strength as we go into the second half of the year, really buoyed by some of these content gains that we've been discussing.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. Maybe Raj just to add there. So we just guided September up 14% sequentially and obviously that is more and higher in terms of sequential growth at the large customer, based on the known design wins that we are shipping today and we do expect further sequential growth into the December quarter with that customer as well total Skyworks revenue.
Operator: Next question comes from Gary Mobley at Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Could you share with us how big your largest customer was in the quarter and were there any other greater than 10% customers in the quarter?
Liam Griffin: Yes, so we have two plus 10% customers in the June quarter, obviously the large customer, which was approximately 55% of total revenue. Just to compare last year in June, that was 53%. So we've continued to execute very well with that. And then Samsung is yet again plus 10% customer. Again, great execution, great design wins at their flagship level as well in the rest of their product lineup.
Gary Mobley : Okay. So I know not all of your sales to your largest customers go into smartphones, but I think dominant portion of it does. And so kind of doing back of the envelope calculation in your mobile business, I presume your business with customers outside that that large customer is in the ballpark of what $90 million to $100 million for the quarter?
Liam Griffin: $90 million with the large customer in broad markets.
Gary Mobley : What I'm trying to get to is trying to get a sense of how much of your mobile business is comprised of customers outside of your largest. And just trying to get a sense of maybe where you stand with respect to bottom in the Android market and whatnot?
Liam Griffin: Yeah, the vast majority of our broad markets revenue is not related to the large customer, right. We have more than 6,000 customers spread over connectivity solutions, automotive, which was an all time record revenue, industrial customers. We have our audio business, we have our infrastructure, networking business in there and that's now on a $2 billion annualized run rate. 
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, and I would just say, in addition to the largest customer, we have several other significant ones. We mentioned, obviously Samsung, very strong and even Google. So it's a balanced mix here.
Operator: Next question comes from Vivek Arya at Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Liam or Kris, I'm curious how much of a year-on-year headwind has China Android been for June and September, and does China Android bottom for you in December or March or when? So just how much of a headwind year-on-year, because when I look at your implied September mobile guidance, it still seems to be kind of flattish to down somewhat year-on-year. So I imagine that's the China Android headwind. So how much is that? And when does China bottom for you?
Liam Griffin: So as it relates to China we definitely saw some softness from a demand point of view. That's very well documented. We have played it very carefully. Even in the December quarter, almost a year ago, we started pushing the brakes. We actually pushed the brakes pretty hard in March and June. We did not want to end up with major inventory into the channel. We do expect relatively minor revenue in the September guide for the China customers, but we do expect beyond that, of course, that the demand will bounce back.  You already started seeing that in the June numbers where they were close than 29 million, 30 million phones being sold in China. And so we do expect the bounce back but that's not included in this September guidance.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. And I'll just add one more comment is that the complexity in the performance nodes are getting more and more difficult and more challenging, which is great for us. And that's what we want to see. So there are some pockets in China that are very, very low-end, that are not really interesting for us and that's fine. But we're building up a strong base in mid-tier and certainly leading the pack when it comes to the premium players.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, I wanted to ask about your balance sheet inventory. So I understand and appreciate the need, that your customers have for supply assurance and you are making a very wide range of products I get that, but when I look at inventory days I think that among the highest that we have seen. So how are you planning to manage utilization and what impact, if any will it have on your gross margins for the next handful of quarters?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, so Vivek, so we feel good about the business, right? And we just guided up 14% sequentially for September. We do expect further sequential growth into December and that is all based on known design wins with the large customer, with other mobile players and even within broad markets. And as you know, we always level load our factories. We have higher filter content in many of those new devices that we bring to market. Filters typically are built many weeks or months in advance of product shipments and that accumulated into higher inventory, but the inventory is fully in line with our expectations and will help us in support the steep ramp here in September and December.
Operator: Next question comes from Harsh Kumar of Piper Jaffray, please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey guys, first of all congratulations in a very tricky environment managing the business so well. We certainly appreciate it. Maybe I missed it in the press release, but could you – would you mind giving us a breakdown of the mobile business versus the broadband business in June? And the second part of that same question is how do you see the trends in September? I would suspect that mobile would be up in September given the largest customer or is that incorrect assumption?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. So the breakout was, broad market was 38% of our total revenue. It was up 38% year-over-year, so very strong performance there. Mobile was 62% of total revenue. It was slightly down on a year-over-year basis, despite the fact that we had strong performance at a large customer, strong performance with Samsung and Google, but offset with the softness that we just discussed in the China market. And going-forward, looking forward to the September quarter, obviously that is a very strong mobile quarter as we execute on some of those launches with the large customer as well with many of our other customers, but we still expect our broad markets to be up double digit year-over-year in the September quarter. 
Liam Griffin: Yeah. And remember that, as we discussed at the beginning here the lockdown dynamics and some of the supply chain volatility did put a little pressure on what would be a normal seasonal guide. So all those factors played together, we had much less exposure to China, which is very helpful, but these weren't issues that were related to demand. I mean, the demand is there. The demand was there and it still is. And we need to go execute on that, but some of the early lockdowns in, the ripple effects there in supply chain added a little bit of nip-tuck to the quarter.
Harsh Kumar: Understood, Liam and maybe from my follow-up question Liam one for you, so the 5G handsets went to a rapid period of growth and sort of feature addition, and mode and band edition, are you still seeing very good content increase in the flagship mobile phones, even at this point, like the ones that are coming up, maybe you can talk about? And maybe talk to us about some of the things that are driving that, are the bands still being added or is it things like wireless, DRX just any color we would appreciate that?
Liam Griffin: Yeah. I mean, there's a great deal of enhancements that come through the cycle with the leading players and we have to back that up with great technology. And if you look at CapEx that we've been delivering and one of the themes that we've been talking a lot about is the level of customization and basically crafting those technologies in-house, right? We're a rare breed that that manufactures end-to-end from high-end bulk acoustic wave, temperature compensated soft filtering, in-house gallium arsenide, in-house customized assembly and test all those vectors come together and allow us to do very unique things customer-by-customer.  So we're able to go after a much, much broader set of accounts when we have that level of customization and technology knowhow. And that's one of the reasons why the mid-to-high tier really appreciates Skyworks, because we can do a lot of good work with those partners and really help lift their business with our teams beneath them under the wings here, supplying the right kinds of technology. So it's a good partnership there for both sides.
Operator: Next question comes from Blayne Curtis at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask on September guidance. Two things, one, you said broad markets would still be of double digit, I guess that doesn't give me an idea of which direction it is sequentially. So you had the issues that I think you talked about supply chain in June, what's the outlook for broad markets in September?
Kris Sennesael: So as I just said, September will still be up double digit year-over-year. It will actually be slightly down on a sequential basis. You have to keep in mind in broad markets that we continue to see very strong demand. In some cases, the demand is higher than the supply, that's the case in our audio business. That's the case in some of the automotive and infrastructure business that we have. In addition to that, we also continue to see many of our customers still having kitting issues. They don't have the complete bomb as a result of that, they don't need the [indiscernible] parts for now, but assuming that the ship shortage will get resolved over time they will have to catch up and that will then further fuel the growth for Skyworks content as well.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. And then maybe just some comments on your own supply chain. I mean, the fact that you're able to build that much inventory. Can you just talk about the constraints, if any, that you're still seeing on your business from a foundry and backend perspective?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. As I just said, in the vast majority of our business, we are able to supply to what our customers want, especially as it relates to the products and the vast majority of the products that we do in-house, we have proactively invested in capacity and technology in our gallium arsenide fabs in our filter operation, in our back-end operation. Where we struggle is on some of the smaller businesses that we have that are in a far plus business model where we depend on foundries and/or back-end, where in some cases we don't have enough capacity. We are working it, we are working at hard, we are making improvements, we are getting and securing more capacity to fulfill the strong demand that we have in some of those areas and we'll continue to work it.
Liam Griffin: Yeah. And I'm just going to add. I mean, there's been a tremendous amount of technology investment in the portfolio. And a lot of that really has come through, you can see in the CapEx line. So with some really important things playing that, we're doing that sort of are under the hood so to speak, really driving performance in bulk acoustic wave, which is a tough technology. We've improved the efficiency of our TC-SAW capabilities. We have – as you know, for years, we've had customized gallium arsenide. It's a very unique technology in RF, and we've been upgrading that at every cycle.  So there's a lot of really interesting building blocks that go into the finished product here and the flexibility that we can bring. I think it's one of the reasons why the discerning higher end customers really appreciate that they have a voice in the decision with us. There's a lot of collaboration when we launch technologies and products, we can do a great deal of customization, understanding where the carriers are going to be and where those phones will roll. So there's a lot going on and it comes with the capital that we put forth. And I think it's an advantage right now.  And despite the ups and downs in supply chain, I'd rather have that in our house that we can deal with it. We can make decisions, we have a voice and we can do the right thing for the customers.
Operator: Next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava at BMO. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you. Kris, I just wanted to come back to the days of inventory and actually more importantly, free cash flow. I know in the past you have said that inventory does go up in March and June. So that's fine. That's consistent with your past comments, but I was looking at free cash flow to sales and I had to go back to, we're all going back to many years past. As a percent of sales, it's really at a very low number. And I had to go back to June 2018 to get that number. I get the change in working capital, but how should we think about the trajectory of free cash flow and good to see that you raised your dividend, but I just want to understand if I'm not missing anything on the actual absolute free cash flow number.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Ambrish. So we can't manage the free cash flow quarter by quarter, and I look at it more on a 12-month trailing basis or 12-month rolling forward basis. And our free cash flow now is in the mid-20s as a percent to revenue and based on further growth of the top line and further expansion of the profitability, we have line of sight to get to plus 30% free cash flow margin. And I think that's a pretty good number. Also take into account what Liam just said, right. While we continue to invest in our technology roadmaps, in our product roadmaps and continue to invest in our own factories, that gives us a very strong competitive advantage to deliver high performance products to our customers. And I think that's a pretty darn good number. Again, I'm not concerned about the June free cash flow, which is indeed was a little bit muted because of the inventory built that we did fully supported by the known design wins and the revenue ramp that we will experience in the September and the December quarter.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it, Kris. I understand. And I don't look at just on a quarterly basis. I just want to make sure I wasn't missing anything. Just a quick clarification on the December quarterly, what's the rate for, to think about it. You did say you'll grow, should we think seasonal, sub-seasonal, or how should we think about it for modeling purposes? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. I mean, it's still a little bit early, but I can tell you what moves the needle is, is the technology and what we're able to do to drive that. And what we call is kind of really a technology reach, how do we create something more impactful for the customers. And we're doing that. And it's not one or two parts. I mean, the breadth of the technology and the reach of our performance, the engineer to engineer line-up is awesome, the relationships are awesome with the largest customer. And we certainly feel good about execution and the opportunity for the second half of the year, very much so. And there's a lot of new invention going on, so to speak and a lot of technologies that are opening up, that are providing even more revenue opportunity for Skyworks as we go forward. So we feel really good about that cycle, great collaboration with the people that matter and getting in again, shoulder to shoulder and our fabs together. It's lot of really good work being done to ensure leadership at the high end. And we feel very good about that. And I absolutely expect that to play out in revenue and in our numbers.
Operator: Next question comes from Edward Snyder at Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Liam, can we sit back and look at mobile from a holistic point of view. I would think from what we know of your product line and from what you said here, that you're much more exposed to high end models than mid-tier. I know you don't do much on low end, no one does. But if you had to break it out, I mean, you're not big in China. You're big in, you mentioned Samsung in the flagship. I'm not sure if that means you're getting big gains in A Series and of course, your largest customer's all high end. So I'm just trying to get an idea if you could maybe bracket it for us if you had to break out mobile, would you say it's 60/40, and I know it's an approximation, but just in general, 60/40 high end, or is it something closer like 75/25?
Liam Griffin: Yes, it's probably more 70% high end, Ed. And what we're trying to do is actually take the low end and bring them along towards a higher level of technology and performance. And as a result, it would be revenue for us and also great for the consumer that gets a better product. So certainly, we – our business, the way I think about it is that we want to hit the fastball first, right. We want the hundred mile an hour pitch. And then from there, we can go downhill and take care of everybody else. But the DNA in our company is to go after the hard things and solve the hard problems and delight the customer, right. And sometimes, the customer doesn't even realize the amount of work and energy and technology know-how that comes through this, but ultimately it's a great solution that they get. And so that's the way we can do this. Now, we like to start with the tough problems and then go downhill, as I mentioned. And there's still a lot of really good work to do. You now hear, a lot of discussion about some other customers that we haven't talked about too much, Samsung, Google, there's many others in mobile and many others in connectivity that we can serve. So it's a model that's worked for us and it's all about customer, customer performance and uplifting their product and their ability to drive to their consumer market. So it's always been a challenge for us, but we love that challenge and it makes what we do really matter for us here at Skyworks.
Edward Snyder: Okay. And given that if I could, it seems clear from the report so far, what was report last night and PI and everybody else talking that in the low, in the mid-tier, they're getting hit a lot harder with weakness due to varying fact, the recession now obviously is starting to take hold on that. It hasn't really hit the high end yet at all. But if it gets worse, obviously most people think that it will. In that kind of a profile, especially with regard to your largest customer because it's kind of a unique relationship, when it sometimes to start building the new model, it's like the gate opens and you can ship as much as you want, but you have to true up in the end of the year. And I know the last time they had a basic dislocation was many years ago of success, but I'm just trying to get a feel with this of when you normally would get indications that things are slowing down on that high end or at Samsung's the high end. I mean, the launch starts, you usually sell like a lot of phones to the people, et cetera, but then the real demand starts showing up in January or February 6. So last time I think it all happened in December and January. So just visibility wise, I know it looks good for a while. When do you think if there were a problem you'd first see it?
Liam Griffin: Yes, no, that's a good question. You know what it's interesting, Ed, now is the curve ball is the lockdown situation. So it's kind of an unusual thing. We all went through COVID and we knew what was going on there and it was just dark everywhere, right. There really wasn't any pockets of opportunity. I think what's happening now is just a little bit of a bifurcation. You've got those that played very hard in China and the OVX land. I think that much more exposed to the downside. On the other hand, at Skyworks, we were continuing to raise mid and high end, which has been beneficial for us and more profitable. So it's kind of a tale of two different markets and different stories. We want to pursue opportunities globally across every account, obviously. But the way our business has really kind of grown up here is, like I said, the high end going down, we have opportunity to do more in some of the low end markets. It's really more of a choice for us than a technical problem. We know how to do it, but we do think that the opportunities are still looking very good. There's a lot of demand that was not shift, with these issues in China. Some of these lockdowns really pinched some supply chain areas that still not unplugged today. And that's real. I mean, we can measure that in our hubs and we have very good visibility on where that demand is. So it definitely gives us some color and some positive view on where we see the second half can go and maybe there's a delay, with delays that go further into the second – the early part of next year as well. So there's a lot going on there, the nuance being this supply chain wrinkle, not COVID related necessarily, but the hard lockdown that we saw at the end of the quarter. So it kind of mixes all together, but we still feel really good about the opportunity. And of course, we have great communication with our customers. So we're always in sync with what they need.
Operator: Next question comes from Srini Pajjuri at SMBC Nikko Securities. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. I have a question on broad markets, Liam, obviously it's growing nicely on a year-on-year basis, but sequentially, it was down almost to 10%. And then you're guiding down for another sequential decline, environment, which seems pretty stable. Especially on the consumer side, you have a lot of secular drivers like WiFi, IoT, et cetera. So I'm just curious as to what the headwind is for that business in the short-term. And then along the same lines, some of that business is probably still sourced from external foundries and obviously the costs have been increasing. Have you implemented any pricing actions to kind of offset those cost increases and if you can talk about where we are in that cycle in terms of the pricing actions, that'll be helpful. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes, no, very good question. Yes, certainly the challenges in the broad markets business, we can see more of an impact there with supply chain issues. So we don't have kind of the clarity that you have in a mobile device. That's very, very – we know exactly where we're going and where it's headed. Broad markets is more diverse. It goes to multiple customers with actually a broader set of technology. So and it ties back to your question on supply chain. So if you think about broad markets, it wasn't a demand constraint. It was a supply chain constraint. So that's an area, less so in mobile but more so in broad market that we saw that. And with respect to pricing, we did take some action in pricing that was necessary. We do everything we can to keep our customers healthy and strong, but together as partners it was required that we had to raise our prices a little bit and it was fine. And I think that was healthy, but we do feel like the opportunity in broad markets is still a really strong part of our portfolio, lots of opportunities. We talked about the growth rates, 38% year-over-year revenue broad markets, that's outstanding. And there's still a lot of stuff out there that we haven't hit. It's a huge pool of broad market opportunities that await us as we go forward. Lot of great things that are not at all tagged into our mobile business, a lot of unique markets, unique customers that are on their own vector in terms of top line so looking forward to that.
Srini Pajjuri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Melissa Fairbanks at Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hi guys. Thanks very much. And just maybe as a follow up to that, just wondering how much pricing inflation has played into your overall revenue growth versus say unit volumes or just mix trending higher. And then as a follow up, I know this is one of your favorite questions. What should we expect in terms of generational content growth going forward? Where does content begin to max out? Are we even close to that?
Kris Sennesael: So on the pricing as Liam just explained, right. So in certain parts of our broad market business, especially which is based on the fabless foundry model, we've experienced some input cost increases and we've been passing that on to our customers that is a relatively small part of the overall Skyworks business. So I think that answers your first question.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And with respect to content and content reach, we thought most of us here at the table here have been in this market for quite some time. And we do see incremental opportunities year after year after year. But I think what's changing now is that the, if you think about Skyworks, it isn't just mobility. Mobility is great and wireless technologies are great, but what's different right now is the customer set and the application set that we're playing in. We talked today about data center. We talked about electric vehicles much more in the infrastructure side. We have high performance audio. We have technology nodes that were not available to us two, three years ago. And we created these new technologies, bulk acoustic waves, et cetera, in house with our own people and our own capital. So I guess what I would say to you is, think about connectivity at large and think about the markets that require this, right. It's a mobile phone of course, but IoT, industrial, healthcare, business to business. All these interesting end markets rely very much on the kind of technologies that we bring. So we're looking forward to that. We we'd love to give you guys more info around that vector, but we certainly see pools of opportunity that Skyworks and Skyworks Technologies can address.
Melissa Fairbanks: Excellent. Thanks very much.
Liam Griffin: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay at Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Ramsay: Good afternoon. Thanks very much guys. I wanted to ask a couple of questions about the acquisitions of the I&A business and sort of how that's playing out. So the first one is on the timing segment, I guess the thesis there was, there was some really good timing technologies at the Silicon Labs, and you guys were going to add scale to those in the telco market, in the switching market, and then maybe into cloud over time. And I just – there's some big server disruptions that are going on in the cloud space. And I wonder if you might give me a little bit of an update as to how that thesis on the timing side is playing out there and what you're seeing. And then I have a follow up on the automotive market. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Matt, let me just start high level. And I've said before, we are not breaking out every sub product line, but let me tell you that we are very pleased with the performance of the acquired business. It's exceeding our expectations by a lot both from a revenue, gross margin and operating margin point of view. And there is still a lot of opportunities that we are working on. Keep in mind that again, that business is supply constraint. The demand currently is a lot higher than what we are able to supply, but despite all of that exceeding our expectations. And so I'll turn it over to Liam to answer your question on timing.
Liam Griffin: Yes, so certainly great opportunities coming out of our – what we call MSF portfolio, which was the I&A business of SLAB, really pleased with not only the products, but with the people in the execution. So all good, markets like data center right now are really critical for the timing solutions that we have very high performance timing solutions and growing that. With additional investments from the larger core of Skyworks, we're also looking at a lot of EV work coming out of that portfolio as well. The I&A team had some great technology there that we're scaling. And I think it's a case where you've got super technology in great performance and great engineering talent. And now it's really going to be about scale, right. It's really going to be about scale. So one of the things that we do very well at Skyworks, you've heard that from us, we’re vertically integrated. We do a lot of hardcore manufacturing, technology development in-house, but we also do very, very well in high scale, big dollar markets. And it sounds easy to say, but there's a lot of work behind that. And if you look at our business and the kind of the way that we talk to our customers and markets and the way we communicate to investors. We really are a company that looks at markets that can really move the dial. We've got some of these here. These are coming up, they're growing right now for us, it's early stage, but the tough part is getting the technology right. And the team and MSF from Silicon Labs have gotten it right. So it's about scaling now and driving our sales and marketing teams further and capturing a great deal of opportunity that we haven't seen. So we're excited about it. And we'll certainly give you more color in the next call.
Matt Ramsay: Yes. Thanks for that guys. As my follow-up, I'm going to ask, I was kind of intrigued with some of the automotive announcements. A lot of the call here is focused on handsets, but I guess the question in the automotive space for you guys is the opportunities that you're seeing, how would you characterize them in terms of split and in terms of sort of the competitive landscape across cellular WiFi, V2V, V2X. There's RF opportunities in a lot of different domains in automotive that are different than the handset market. So I just – be interested in where you're seeing the traction and what the competitive landscape looks like?
Liam Griffin: Yes. There's a lot of interesting nodes that come together here in the EV side. You've got certainly technology coming through wireless, wireless nodes and 5G. We've got a lot of EV accounts right now that are being developed that we have design wins in now. And there's going to be a lot of investment that we put forth. And certainly when you go further into EV, connectivity and wireless connectivity is going to be pivotal, it's going to be one of the most critical elements in the whole process. And just think about from a safety perspective, from a latency perspective, there's going to be a lot of technology development that hasn't yet come through around electric vehicles, autonomous vehicles in that whole specter. So we're looking forward to it. But like I said, we've got a beachhead with our partners in Texas here. And we also have some great, great engineering minds and knowhow across the greater Skyworks team to turn that into big dollars as we move forward. So it's going to be one of the bigger markets going forward for sure. And it is a market that absolutely needs high performance, low latency, high quality solutions. And those are the kind of things that we like to do. And we we've already been working with many, many players in the EV space. Many of those customers don't want to have the conversations publicly about what we do. So we will respect that, but please note that we're deeply involved in the development and we're putting a great deal of investment into that part of the market.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rachel. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Skyworks’ second fiscal quarter 2022 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch and welcome everyone. Despite a challenging macro backdrop, I am pleased to report that Skyworks delivered record second quarter results, with double-digit year-over-year growth in both revenue and earnings per share. We continue to benefit from a broad and diverse product portfolio. And with an expanding set of customers in high growth markets, we are well-positioned to outperform in the current environment. Looking at the quarter in more detail, we delivered record Q2 revenue of $1.34 billion, above consensus and up 14% compared to last year, highlighting both our growing content within Tier 1 mobile and the increasing diversification of our customer base and technology reach. In fact, our broad market revenue rose to a record $523 million in the quarter, up 10% sequentially and 36% year-over-year. In addition, we continue to drive solid profit margins, exceptional cash flow and consistent cash returns. We achieved gross margin of 51.2% and operating margin of 36.8%. We posted earnings per share of $2.63, up 11% year-over-year. We generated operating cash flow of $393 million and we returned $509 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our strong results this quarter were driven by a vast expansion of use cases from content-rich smartphones to complex IoT devices, to innovative solutions for the automotive markets, industrial and infrastructure. Specifically in mobile, we supported the top 5 OEMs with our Sky5 architectures, including flagship models from Google, Samsung and other Tier 1s. In parallel, we leverage our in-house temperature compensated SAW, BAW and gallium arsenide technologies, to extend the reach across further content opportunities in 5G. In Enterprise and IoT, we powered Comcast’s latest WiFi 6E residential gateways, partnered with T-Mobile for their integrated 5G fixed wireless access service. We debut the industry’s first WiFi 6E gaming router featuring ultrafast quad-band performance. And we embedded Sky5 technology in rugged mobile computing devices for industrial-grade factory automation. In automotive, we are executing on our vision to lead the global transition while accelerating the shift to electrification trends that pave the way for cleaner and more efficient autonomous transport. Over the past quarter, we enabled next-generation wireless technologies across multiple leading OEMs. Further, our power isolation portfolio continued to gain momentum, with the global EV market leaders. And finally, in infrastructure and in industrial, we captured milestone design wins at Tier 1 equipment and service providers for 5G macro and small cell deployments. We ramped high performance clock solutions at used network systems, supporting LEO satellite networking and we extended the reach of our cutting-edge timing portfolio across the leading fiber backhaul and data center equipment providers. Moving forward, ubiquitous connectivity, cloud computing and the massive shift to EVs are fundamentally reshaping the way we live. As complexity intensifies, with billions of intelligent edge compute nodes that demand for high-speed ultra-reliable, low-latency solutions is accelerating. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to engineer and seamlessly integrate these advancements to increasingly smaller, more efficient form factors, purpose-built and customized for specific end markets and applications. Lastly, our business aperture and market reach have never been broader as we scale investments in core and new technologies. We are pioneering the breakthroughs in RF, signal processing, power isolation, timing, audio, among others, propelling our diversification and growth into the future. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. During the second fiscal quarter of 2022, Skyworks delivered record Q2 revenue of $1.34 billion, an increase of 14% year-over-year. Broad market revenue was a record $523 million, representing 39% of total Skyworks revenue in the quarter. Gross profit in the second quarter was $683 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51.2%, up 40 basis points compared to Q2 of last year. Operating expenses were $192 million or 14.4% of revenue, reflecting our investments in support of future growth. We generated $491 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 36.8%. We incurred $13 million of other expense and our effective tax rate was 9.6%, driving net income of $432 million. And based on a further reduction of our weighted average share count to 164.4 million shares, we achieved earnings per share of $2.63, up 11% year-over-year. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, second fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $393 million and capital expenditures were $127 million. In terms of capital allocation during the quarter, we returned $509 million to shareholders, paying $91 million in dividends and repurchasing 3 million shares of our common stock for a total of $418 million. During the first half of the fiscal year, Skyworks returned $871 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In summary, the Skyworks team delivered another solid quarter, with Q2 record revenue and earnings per share, while continuing to make the investments in our technology and product roadmaps to support future growth in mobile and broad markets. Now, let’s move on to our outlook for Q4 of fiscal 2022. We expect to deliver double-digit year-over-year revenue and earnings per share growth in the June quarter. Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.2 billion and $1.26 billion. At the midpoint of $1.23 billion, revenue for the quarter is expected to increase 10% year-over-year. This outlook takes into account our current view of recent pandemic-related supply chain disruptions, which are impacting the ability of our customers to fulfill end market demand. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 50.75% to 51.25%. We expect operating expenses of approximately $190 million to $192 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $10 million in other expense and a tax rate of approximately 9.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 163.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.36, an increase of 10% over Q3 of last year. And finally, given our consistently strong cash flow and confidence in our outlook, we are investing for diversified growth while returning cash to shareholders through both share repurchases and dividends. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Chris. Despite macro headwinds and supply chain disruptions, Skyworks remains squarely focused on delivering above-market growth across a diversified set of applications and end markets. Capitalizing on in-house technologies, scale and strategic customer relationships, we look forward to generating continued increases in revenue, earnings, profitability and free cash flow. Finally, our efficient balance sheet and consistent cash generation provide a formidable platform for long-term growth as we invest for the future and deliver premium returns to our shareholders. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks, so open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks a lot. So Kris, I just had a question around the dynamics in the quarter. Revenue was pretty much in line, but the mix was much different. Broad markets was supposed to be flattish and it was actually up a lot and mobile was supposed to be a little better than normal seasonal on the easier comp from your large customer, given some of their issues with respect to the supply chain. But in fact, mobile was much weaker and broad markets was much better. So I guess the question is one, what happened in the quarter? And two, can you give us a sense of what the split will be between mobile and broad markets that’s assumed for the June guidance? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. First, reflecting on the March quarter, mobile as a group came out on or about as we expected, with strong performance at a large customer, very strong performance at Samsung, which is now back being a plus 10% customer for Skyworks as well as a really nice ramp with Google in the Pixel 6 form. It’s no surprise we have seen some softness in the China market in part as a result of the COVID-related lockdowns. On the flipside, our broad market business was doing really well and it was across the board, IoT, automotive, infrastructure, but also of course, the I&A business that we acquired from Silicon Labs was performing really well during the quarter, setting a new all-time revenue record. So, that is for March. I think in June, in mobile, of course, we will continue to see some COVID-related supply chain disruptions that are impacting the ability of our customers to fulfill the strong end customer demand and so that is being contemplated into our June guide. But we will there as well on the flipside in broad markets continue to see strong sequential as well as year-over-year growth in the, call it, high 30s, approaching 40% year-over-year growth in broad markets.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you. And then can you give us what the percent of revenue was for your largest customer in March? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. In March, the large customer was approximately 54% of total revenue. That clearly demonstrates strong demand from that customer as well, of course, as strong content gains that Skyworks have been able to obtain with that customer. Revenue for that customer was up more than 20% on a year-over-year basis in the March quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good evening. Maybe we could dig into some of the China supply constraint issues a little more deeply. And you can you help us, I mean, one, to quantify the magnitude of how much that may impact the June quarter, whether that’s more supply related or on your customer side that you can’t accept the product? And then finally, what that means for the September quarter, does that allow because that’s impacted now, do you presume that some of that comes back in September and the second half of the year?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Chris. This is Liam. Clearly, there has been some disruption around COVID and specifically in China. It happens to be a very, very strategic for back end assembly and test for a number of our customers, including some of the bigger ones. So for the most part, that’s where the inflection was, trying to manage through that dynamic with pretty stark walk-downs and operational sites. So for Skyworks, obviously, the things that we do internally, we are continuing to execute with our filtering technology, our gallium arsenide, our in-house assembly and test. But again, it all comes down to your customer set. So we are doing the work today with some great companies, helping everybody get back on track in terms of demand. It is not a lack of demand issue at all, it really is a supply chain issue and every company has their own elements, whether it’s at a chip level or it’s at the back end assembly and test. So that’s kind of what’s going on. We certainly think that this is going to abate as we go forward. It’s not a long-term issue. We have great partnerships with the customers that we’re leaning into. We’re helping them, and we expect things to get a lot better as we get through the next few months.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Chris, as it relates to September, as you know, we only guide one quarter at a time, and I’m going to stick to that guiding only one quarter at a time. But having said that, and as Liam just expressed, right, we feel good about our technology and product road maps. We have deep customer engagements and very strong design win momentum. And we have the size and scale of our manufacturing assets to support some big important product launches and ramps in the second half of the calendar year as well in mobile and broad markets. And so, we are very well positioned to see some strong sequential as well as year-over-year growth in the second half of the calendar year, of course, assuming no worsening of the geopolitical or macroeconomic or pandemic-related issues that we have seen in the past.
Chris Caso: Thank you. As a follow-up, I’ll ask on gross margins. And we’ve been kind of hovering around this 51% plus or minus for a bit of a while. I know last year, you said there were some pandemic-related costs that were persisting. And I presume into June, some of the impact is persisting again, just kind of on a lower revenue base. What’s the prospect for getting the gross margins a bit higher? What’s your expectations for gross margin progress as we go through the year from here?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So in March, we did 51.2%, which was up 40 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We are guiding on or about the same maybe slightly down for June on a sequential lower revenue. But then again, as we look into the back half of the year and see some steep ramps in September and December, we are geared up for to deliver some gross margin expansions. And again, I talked about that before, right? It’s higher value add, higher complex custom build specific products for our customers that are ramping. Of course, size and scale helps as well. And then, of course, we have a little bit of a tailwind from broad markets that typically has some higher gross margin compared to the mobile space. And when you combine all of that, we have confidence in improving the gross margins towards our target model of 53%.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, thanks taking for taking my questions. And I apologize, a lot going on tonight, so I apologize. But Chris, I thought you said that broad markets was $523 million up in June and the year-over-year would be kind of high 30s or 40%. I’m starting with that math, maybe they doing something wrong, but I just want to clarify by segment, that’s what you’re looking for?
Kris Sennesael: So broad market was $523 million in March, which was up 10% sequentially and up 36% year-over-year, and we do expect further sequential growth in June that translate into a very similar year-over-year growth as well.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. I guess I can check with you on the call back on that. The – I guess the byproduct of that is mobile is down and you talked about the supply disruptions. I’m just kind of curious to your outlook on the overall handset market, maybe it’s a lame question, but I think the overall market has kind of weakened. There is outlook for kind of even down 10%. Obviously, RF can grow faster. But just kind of curious your perspective on the overall market.
Liam Griffin: Yes. So I mean, overall market, as Kris mentioned, I’m going to get to mobile in a second. But really, we’re also really excited about what we’re doing in broad markets and the numbers we just reiterated $523 million in the quarter with a lot of momentum going forward. So just on the broad market story, things are looking very strong, very diverse, new customers, new end markets and growth in technology. So that’s one important lever. On the mobile side, we’re actually continuing to do very well. We were somewhat surprised that the continued COVID restrictions came down. It’s not a case, honestly, where there is a demand issue. This is really about chain. We know the customers that we’re working with, and we’re extremely close in terms of the dynamics of where products need to be and when they need to be there and we feel very good about that, and that will drive our business forward into the second half on the mobile end. We also have made incredible strides with Samsung. And there is a customer that – they are a great company, but we haven’t done that much with them. A lot of it had to do with just technology. We’re trying to go a high end and a lot of the opportunities there were a little bit more lower market. And we now moved up big time within that account. And so we have three of the most important companies in mobile right now, all with very good share and outlooks going into the second half of the year around new technologies and more around 5G, but also a lot of things that are coming up in the IoT side, looking at things even in WiFi that have all really stepped up. So we feel really good about the business right now. These lockdowns came in a little bit late for us. And so it was a bit of a surprise, but we wanted to do the appropriate thing and reflect that in our guidance, but we feel very good about the second half of the year. We know the products that we’ve designed into. We know what our content looks like. And we’re looking forward to fulfill that demand when sky is clear a little bit and demonstrate that through earnings.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you very much. I just wanted to come back to the – it’s always trying to figure out as well as I’m sure you guys whether it’s demand versus supply-related issues. But the China market has been in sunk for quite some time, Liam. So is there a point that you’re seeing there, okay? This is not just supply? And what we’re hearing is that the China handset guys have an over index exposure to the European market in Eastern European in particular? Is that causing concern to you? And kind of related to that, how big is the China market geo-wise for Skyworks?
Liam Griffin: Yes – no, great question. So there is two elements. One is China itself, the geography. And that has – so what we’re dealing with now is more around China, the workforce, the assembly and test, the back end, all of that where there is been tremendous – it doesn’t matter whether it’s a smartphone or whether it’s an IoT device, right? So the lockdown issues are more around issues in China, COVID related. And that is a blanketed type of thing around technology. That’s one. On the other side, we’ve consolidated our China business right now is really pushed by the higher end players. They are not necessarily the China brands. We have exposure with OBX, of course, but we are growing our business with the higher-end brands within China. So companies that may be in the U.S. that are doing really well in China or companies that are maybe have great technology in Korea and they are sold into China. So it’s really about where the products land from a geographic perspective. But I will tell you, in all of those three companies, the major top three in mobile are gaining share, are producing unique content. We really like our position. And some of the lower-end brands quite frankly, are rolling off a little bit for us, and it’s not really the business that we’re interested in, but we’re growing and gaining share and gaining value with the top players. So that’s kind of how it shakes out. So it’s a geographical issue, with COVID and then also looking at the elements of each of the mobile players in how we address those. So – and honestly, the playbook that we have right now is working very well. We will get through this bump here, around COVID in China, and things look very good from there. And we know the partners that we have are counting on us in terms of their execution as well. So it’s a good spot to be in.
Kris Sennesael: And so Ambrish. So the total Chinese customers for total Skyworks is on or about 11%. Actually, in broad markets that’s slightly higher. That means in mobile, it’s less than 10% of revenue coming from the Chinese mobile customers.
Liam Griffin: So I mean, we’ve effectively de-risked that low end market at this point and driving our attention and our content to higher value, higher margin players.
Ambrish Srivastava: May I ask a quick follow-up, please? On the broad markets business, I don’t think I’ve heard you guys talk about it. Has extended lead times really impacted this business at all? And I asked because there is a concern that all of us have is that is the demand real or not? And when you’re guiding for 30%, 40% kind of growth year-over-year, that again begs the question, how much of that is because of lead times at setting out. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, it’s not a lead time thing. I think right now, we’ve – quite frankly, if we could execute the full bill of materials on the end products, our numbers would be higher. I mean we – in often cases, we’ve got a little bit ahead of the end market with our technology. But you have to stay in pace, right? You have to stay in the lane with your customer because ultimately, these devices that we’re working on, whether they are IoT, whether they are automotive, whether they are mobile, right, they are complex, very, very complex goals of materials. And those builds of materials have to be 100% on point and working in perfect harmony when they get shipped. So what you see in this industry now is a lot of complexity, a lot of exposure in companies that did not invest, which is much harder. But the ability for us to kind of weave through some of those bumps around supply chain, I think it has been a – it’s not easy. It’s not something that we wish for, but it tends to be an opportunity for us to outperform given our own operational levers here inside the building, all the way from, again, gallium arsenide do assembly and test a bulk acoustic wave for temperature compensated. So, all the elements are there. So it’s a little choppy there, but the demand is absolutely viable. It’s just about getting these products together integrated in a seamless way and get the technology delivered to the end market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for let me on. The first question, guys, I had was with respect to the broad markets business. my team covered Silicon Labs for a long time and a couple of the businesses that were in that I&A segment that we thought they could have done maybe a better job of scaling and maybe you guys have an opportunity to do that is the voltage isolation franchise and EVs, which you sort of addressed a bit in your script and also the timing business there had been sort of concentrated in wireless infrastructure, and there was a move to make a push into cloud. I wonder if you guys might comment a little bit on those two initiatives and those are things that you’re investing in to grow that franchise further? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Excellent. I’m really glad you asked that question. So at a very high level, the transaction with the I&A portfolio has been great. I mean we are really excited. It’s doing better than we expected. And it’s also had to endorse some supply chain issues because they are more granular around outsourced fabless players. But the great news is actually – literally, line-by-line, you just mentioned are things that we’re working hard on. Timing is a very, very interesting, attractive market and there is not many players that are going after it. The portfolio within I&A is very strong. It’s very capable. It’s got a great technology edge. And what we really need is for those great things to be matched up with significant powerhouses the industry companies that can scale with it. So we’re working on that. Again, the technology is there. This is about taking devices and technologies that already been honed in and have been diversified tremendously, but we also need to get scale, right? So we’re working on that, making good strides, teams doing well. Isolation – power isolation, specifically in automotive is a big, big market. And here again, leveraging some of the relationships that we have at Skyworks and some of the scale opportunities that we can bring to end customers, we’re making really good progress on that end. Data center is another market that they have, supercool technology and just need more muscle to try to get it out more sales folks, more marketing people, more people, boots on the ground, leveraging customers that we already have, great customers that can put tremendous scale and have those customers meet the technologies that were in the I&A portfolio. So we’re really excited about it. I think Kris mentioned it already. We’re ahead of our expectations so far, early innings, but I really, really feel great about that deal and the team really driving behind it. So look forward to more things on that end. But again, broad markets at a high level. These are big numbers we’re talking about now. We just – we put over a $500 million print. We’re creating tremendous diversification. It’s a $2 billion run rate. This is not Skyworks 3 years ago. We were at 3.3% in 2020. We’re in the mid $5.6 billion level now with a much more diversified portfolio. So we’re looking forward to reflecting that in our valuation and delighting our customers.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much for all the color there. Just switching gears for my follow-up. You guys mentioned it sounded like some share gains within the portfolio at Samsung with them becoming a 10% customer again. I think last week, there was commentary from San Diego that they had upped their processor and baseband share at Samsung on the Galaxy 22 as opposed to the internal solutions. I wonder if you might comment about how you’re aligned with that change there and how sustainable you think it might be? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean on the modem side, the baseband processor, we don’t make that product, but we have technologies that will wrap around just about anybody’s baseband, whether it’s friend or foe. So we’re agnostic to that. And our customers are really going to make the decisions that they need to make to get the best performance. So, you could very well see a high-content device populated with a lot of very unique Skyworks Solutions that are all in-house, custom crafted, not fabless, done in-house in our building, in our factories with people that live and breathe wireless. And those same applications could have a baseband from Qualcomm or someone else. So, we live with that all the time. But the interesting thing is with baseband, you have got a single kind of monolithic high-performance device. When you think about what’s happening in a mobile phone today as we move into 5G and beyond, the number of connected things, the content, the size of the semiconductor devices thinking about filtering all the way from TC-SAW to Bulk Acoustic Wave, leveraging gallium arsenide. There is a lot of complexity. And it’s not done by any one company. So, I think if you look at the number of nodes that we address within mobile, it’s really, really high and diverse. So, there are some cornerstone pieces, of course, in every device. But our solutions are gaining a lot of share and the flexibility that we have, given that in-house fabrication and assembly and test and in-house filtering. So, we can do a lot of things that are a little more crafted unique, customer-centric approach, I would say and it served us well. So, there is room for more than one or two players in a high-end mobile device, but we feel really good about it. And I will say that we have been in this industry – I have been this in a long time, and I am really excited about the appreciation that our customers see and the technology that we can bring. And it’s actually very clearly demonstrated with the leading brands. And oftentimes, the mid-tier players, they want to get better, they want their technology better, and they come to us to try to help them make that leap. So, we feel good about that side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. You seem to be pretty excited this year about the content gains in mobile, especially in the second half of this year. I was just wanted to dig into that a little bit. Should we expect similar gains in dual connectivity because that seemed to be a big growth last year, maybe fewer bands being added and more content for the bands you have? And to the extent that a millimeter wave comes out of phones, it sounds like the rumblings, maybe not for this year, maybe for the next year, does that have much of an impact on Skyworks’ content? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes. No, we are excited about the opportunity, and we feel really good about the design win positions that we have with strategic customers, some products haven’t yet been taken to market, but they are ready. We are seeing more and more complexity in mobile device. A lot of opportunities still to grow, and our conviction is to continue to gain share and gain content, and I feel quite positive that, that will happen again in different ways and also with more specific devices as well which is good. So, that feels really good. And as we go forward, there are just a lot of other tools here that we are working. Our bulk acoustic wave technology is growing. It is continuing to hit higher and higher levels of performance and gaining value in some of the Tier 1 players with multiple Tier 1 players right now. So, there is a lot more to go on that end. We are still doing a great job on the broad market side. We talked about the numbers here. We are over 500 million clicks. And a lot of that technology as you know, that can be transferred. You could have a 5G engine that can go into a data center application it go into a mobile phone, it could go into an IoT device. So, we really want to be the universal connector there around 5G and related technologies supporting multiple end applications.
Edward Snyder: And then for my follow-up, if I could. You brought 10% on Samsung this quarter. I am sure it will drop below that in your big ramp for your largest customer in the second half of this year. But one, do you expect it to be 10% for the year overall? And then secondarily and may be more importantly the big change going on here, because it was pretty small. You were down to 3% to 4% of revenue at one point in the last year or so. and now you are back above 10%. Is this largely due to their shift to modules in the mass tier, or are you also seeing – and to the extent that it is, how far into that program, do you expect your, I mean that’s a very big product line, so it’s going to take several years to penetrate. How much more runway do you have in the shift to modules in the master, if that’s where your content gain is? And maybe you could scale for us, how much of it is due to maybe a better content growth in the flagship, too? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, that’s a good question. And I know you seek this follow-through. So, we have always been a partner with Samsung, but it had been challenging to sort of leap into the richer and more complex, more powerful connectivity modules and nodes. I am just doing a lot of really good work, shoulder-to-shoulder work engineer to engineer work with our team and the folks at Samsung to try to develop a more powerful solution that really demonstrates all these wonderful things that we can do with 5G. And so fortunately, our engineering teams and the know-how that we drop to market in other areas allowed us to do a great partnership job with the number two player out there, and it’s awesome. And it’s not a one single – one-trick pony deal at all. I mean there is a lot of room here for us to go. There is a lot of complexity that hasn’t been resolved. We love that, and the value opportunity for us is going to be very strong. So, we are really excited about it, quite frankly. I know we already talked a little bit about that in the call itself. But we are working with the top-tier players and the flexible customer-first approach, purpose-built technology is the way to go. We are not really focusing on last year. We are leveraging high-performing assets, most of those being procured and delivered right out of our own factory. So, we are excited about it. And those mid to premium players love it. They want to see that. They want to see trust. They want to know where the products are being built. They want to have a decision on it and a voice and all that stuff and going well. So, we think there is more to go. And we are pleased with Samsung, of course, coming into 10%, but there is still a lot of room for everybody else.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line with Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Let me first apologize for the background noise. Going back to Chris’ question to try to quantify what some of these shutdowns may mean for your June quarter revenue. Your large customer gave a specific impact range, which I believe is 4% of their overall revenue, 5% of product revenue. Is that about the right way to think about the impact for you in the June quarter, let’s call it $50 million?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, I think, Gary, that’s not about right. If you look at – we guided down sequentially 6% to 10%, 8% at the midpoint. I think if you look at average historical sequential declines, it’s in the 3% to 5% range. And so the only difference here is really the fact that our large customer as well as some other customers, right, are leaving revenue on the table in the June quarter, specifically because of the COVID-related lockdowns in April. You have heard from many of those customers that the situation has improved since then, and the factories are reopening, and they are going to try to work hard to fulfill that strong end customer demand that they see. But it’s going to be hard to make that all up in the June quarter.
Gary Mobley: Appreciate the color there, Kris. And for the share buyback, I guess probably the best word to use to describe your buyback in the March quarter was aggressive, $420 million. Can you sustain that pace? And are you willing to maybe be creative in the way you fund your share buyback given the per share price?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. It’s something that we look at it day-by-day, week-by-week, $418 million in the March quarter was an all-time record. We have never spent more than that amount in one given quarter. We still have some firepower there, and we definitely are continuing to generate strong free cash flow. And we will use that cash flow to, of course, continue to pay the dividend, and there is room for improvement there as well and to use it for share buybacks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean given where the valuation is right now, obviously, we are all over that. So, as Kris said, there is room for more, and I am glad we did what we did so far. But if more needs to be done, we can absolutely do it. The cash flow engine is very strong. The business is very solid. And we think as we go forward, more and more, that’s going to come through here in the numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey guys. I have two questions. One, Liam, I was thinking – I was hoping that you could give us some clarity on the issues in China. I hate to focus on just 11% of your business, but it’s causing some issues. The phones that are made in China for Chinese consumption, COVID aside, do you think that, that – do you think, first of all, if there is any inventory of those on sold phones in China? And then secondly, COVID aside, do you think by the end of the June quarter, hopefully, that’s burned off. So, you get into the build season, you just see pro growth? And my follow-up, my second question, I will ask that right now. Can you help us think about your role with your large customer in a world where they are using their own motto? And what kind of help can you provide to them at that point in time?
Liam Griffin: Okay. Alright. Harsh, I will try to start from the beginning here. Well, certainly, the China situation, there is a lot of factors, right. I mean the overarching factor right now is really just the final stages of assembly and test, where you see Foxconn, Pegatron – that is China is where the lion’s share of technology assembly and test and outbound, it’s the biggest hub in the world. So, many, many companies go through that hub, in multiple factories, multiple technologies. So, that’s just – that is a macro China situation that I think will get better. There is not too much we can do right now. And therefore, we had to lower guidance based on the risk and conservatively take our numbers down. But if you look at where we see things coming out, the appetite for the technology is still very, very robust. This is not – I don’t think that it’s going to be a major, major hit to the industry at all. I think we are going to get through it. It’s well understood. We know the parts of the equation that we manage our teams are all over technologies. Our fabs are working great. Our filter fabs are up and running. We are doing well here on the COVID side in the U.S., of course, you know that. But there are still some bumps. And I think that those bumps will be smoothed out in a matter of months. And we will do everything we can to make that happen. And meanwhile, we have also within China have kind of stepped up a little bit more towards the mid to higher end tier within mobile within China. So, we are starting to see a little bit more consumption in China, but not necessarily with the China brands. So, some of the China brands are rolling off a little bit, but some of the major brands, the top three are actually gaining. And that’s been a very important vector for us and it’s something that we anticipated where the smaller companies really need to step up and do more or they are going to follow by the wayside and the top three majors are going to continue to drive. So, that’s the dynamic that is in play. And that’s actually positive for us, quite frankly, because we are seeing more and more names like a Samsung that are stepping up and driving technology and working with Skyworks and others to try to really make that happen. So, that’s a positive for us rather than how do we make a lower cost bill of materials. And then your last comment with respect to largest customers generically here, so I will just say this. We have a very powerful relationship with very strategic customers, and we respect that every day. It is extremely important. It’s not just the people side, which is great. It’s also the technology and collaboration and the trust and the execution. And that comes with great people, but also comes with investments in the assets and know-how around the portfolio and understanding the nuances between the carriers and the manufacturers and all of the drill systems that we work with. And the way that works is it’s a partnership where we can provide great technology to make our customers better. That’s the initiative, that’s what we want to be able to do. And we have been able to do that with some really important high bar players, and we love it. And I think that’s going to change. And with respect to modem changes, not going to be a problem, we have worked with top-tier customers with Qualcomm on the modem, with Intel on the modem, with MediaTek on the modem that we are agnostic, and we have to be. We would not be able to run the business the way we do if we didn’t have that flexibility. We have talked a little bit about that before, but just to reiterate, Skyworks’ ability shoulder-to-shoulder, engineer-to-engineer, we know how to solve problems. We know how to create success with our customers and that’s the culture of our business. So, that’s not going to change. But I appreciate that was actually a good question just to really kind of cover some of the nuances around the real dynamics behind the technology. And we don’t take any of that for granted. And every day, we just want to make our customers happier.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating in today’s call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-02-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions' First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitchell Haws: Thank you, Rachel. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' First Fiscal Quarter 2022 Conference Call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K. For information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today.  Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP.  With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered a strong start to the fiscal year, establishing all-time quarterly records for revenue and free cash flow. Looking at the quarter in more detail.  We delivered revenue of $1.51 billion, above consensus and up 15% sequentially, demonstrating the strength of our broadening product portfolio. Specifically, the mobile business grew 12% sequentially, driven by increasingly complex architectures in 5G phones at our largest customer and momentum across the Android ecosystem. In parallel, our broad markets business achieved a record $477 million in the quarter, up 23% sequentially and 46% year-over-year.  Our growth was fueled by both the continued adoption of our solutions across 5G, IoT, automotive and wireless infrastructure, and an expanding set of new customers and markets from our recently acquired I&A business. Importantly, Skyworks continues to drive strong profit margins and exceptional cash flow. We achieved gross margin of 51.2% and operating margin of 38.8%. We posted earnings per share of $3.14, above consensus and up 20% sequentially. Finally, we generated record Q1 operating cash flow of $582 million.  As our first quarter results illustrate, the growth trajectory we established in fiscal 2021 is extending into fiscal 2022. We continue to see deployments accelerating with 5G cellular subscriptions predicted to grow from 700 million today to more than 4.4 billion by the year 2027. As connectivity becomes more vital to the ways we work, educate and play, devices are increasingly integrating 5G with advanced WiFi, precision GPS, Bluetooth, Zigbee and other wireless protocols, creating the seamless and ultrafast experience demanded by our customers.  The rapid adoption of new wireless technologies enables a proliferating set of use cases with design wins spanning mobile and broad markets, further bolstered by contributions from our recently completed acquisition. Specifically in mobile, we shipped Sky5 platforms across leading smartphone OEMs, including Samsung, Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi, among others. In enterprise and IoT, we supported WiFi access points at Siemens, powered NETGEAR's latest WiFi 6 and 6E mesh system, partnered with British Telecom to launch 5G home routers, ramped WiFi 6 and 6E modules at Juniper Networks and Telus, and provided digital isolation solutions for GE Consumer Appliances.  Moving to automotive. We leverage Sky5 technology to enable telematics, security, driver assist and other advanced services at leading OEMs. We scaled volume production of timing and isolation products, enabling the leading EV manufacturers. And finally, across the infrastructure and industrial space, we captured design wins at Quectel for enterprise M2M platforms, delivered industrial IoT solutions to Itron, Honeywell and Thales, supporting smart energy and factory automation. We also expanded our position in timing applications at the top 5 data centers. And as markets evolve, we expect to deploy billions of wireless devices, capitalizing on a strong multiyear growth trend.  Advances in cloud and edge computing, autonomous vehicles and factory automation, together with the emergence of the Metaverse, we are intensifying the burden on existing networks, catalyzing demand for our highly integrated and customized platforms. From inception, Skyworks has been a driving force empowering the wireless network revolution, connecting people, places and things. We invested early and extensively to develop and fabricate cutting-edge technology at massive scale.  Today, we're a global leader providing the essential elements required to deliver the highest performance connectivity platforms in the industry, producing billions of units, integrating core technology nodes, including gallium arsenide, bulk and surface acoustic wave, as well as the most advanced multi-chip module test and assembly capabilities in the world.  Underpinned by this powerful foundation, we are leading the transition of 5G, inspiring a new era of unrivaled innovation. The strength of our balance sheet and consistent outperformance demonstrates the significant value of our vertically integrated model and the compelling advantages it delivers.  Looking forward, we are committed to supporting the strategic investments in technology, product development and world-class manufacturing scale to further extend our market leadership.  With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2022 was $1.51 billion, up 15% sequentially, driven by continued strong demand across our entire portfolio. Gross profit in the first quarter was $773 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51.2%, up 20 basis points sequentially. Operating expenses were $187 million or 12.4% of revenue, demonstrating leverage in our operating model while continuing our strategic investments in support of future growth. We generated $586 million of operating income translating into an operating margin of 38.8%, up 160 basis points sequentially.  We incurred $9 million of other expenses, and our effective tax rate was 9.3%, driving net income of $523 million. So strong revenue growth and execution on margins brought diluted earnings per share of $3.14, up 20% sequentially.  Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. First fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was a Q1 record of $582 million. Capital expenditures were $96 million, resulting in an all-time record free cash flow of $486 million and a free cash flow margin of 32%, driven by strong profitability and great working capital management. In fact, inventory levels were reduced by 22 days to 103 days, and receivables were reduced by 5 days to 47 days.  In terms of capital allocation during the quarter, we paid $93 million in dividends and repaid $50 million of our term loan, and we repurchased 1.7 million shares of our common stock for a total of $269 million.  In summary, the Skyworks team continues to execute well, delivering strong profitability and rapid free cash flow in the December quarter, with design wins across our growing product portfolio and customer set, positioning us to outperform through 2022.  Now let's move on to our outlook for Q2 of fiscal '22. We expect to deliver double-digit year-over-year revenue and earnings per share growth in the March quarter. Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.3 billion and $1.36 billion. At the midpoint of $1.33 billion, revenue for the quarter is expected to increase 13.5% year-over-year. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 50.75% to 51.25%. We expect operating expenses of approximately $186 million to $188 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $10 million in other expense and a tax rate of approximately 9.5%.  We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 166 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.62, an increase of 11% over Q2 of last year.  And finally, given our strong cash flow and confidence in the business model, we will continue to focus on investing in our business, while returning cash to the shareholders through both share repurchases and dividends.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Despite macro challenges in supply chain specific headwinds, Skyworks delivered excellent first quarter results, underscoring the increasingly diverse composition of our customer base and extending our track record of strong profitability and robust free cash flow generation. This strong performance and outlook reflect our critical position within the wireless ecosystem and how complexity favors Skyworks with its vast IP, deep customer relationships, differentiated manufacturing capabilities and market-leading solutions.  The momentum established in Q1 positions Skyworks for another year of record revenue and earnings.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James.
Christopher Caso: I guess for the first question, can you help us detailing the breakout of broad markets versus mobile in the quarter? And what your expectations are for those markets as we go forward into March?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. So as we indicated in the prepared remarks, we had very strong performance in growth markets. It was roughly 32% of our total revenue compared to 22% last year. And so we saw a very strong growth, 23% sequentially, 46% on a year-over-year basis, and the growth was driven by ongoing strong demand for wireless connectivity, especially as it relates to IoT solutions.  In addition to that, we have a strong contribution, all-time record from the acquired business of the Infrastructure & Automotive business as well. So great execution in growth markets. On the flip side, of course, you have mobile, which was in the December quarter, approximately 68% of revenue. It was up 12% sequentially. It was down 13% year-over-year, but you have to take into account the timing of the ramp of flagships, especially last year, where you -- just to remember, the large customer was -- had a condensed ramp with a late launch in the late October, early November time frame. This year, the launch was spread over the September and the December quarter, but great execution there as well in mobile.  As it relates to the March quarter, we typically don't really guide by segments, but we just provide the guidance for the March quarter, which is up 13.5% year-over-year. We do expect both segments to grow double-digit year-over-year, of course, stronger in broad markets than it is in Mobile.
Christopher Caso: Okay. And just following on to some of the comments that you made with respect to seasonality. And last year, seasonality was skewed, as you said, because of the late launch of the phones. But this year, there were also capacity constraints affecting your customers also. So as your largest customer said that they weren't able to ship as much as they wanted in the December quarter. How does that affect seasonality for the March quarter this year? And does it have any implications for June as well, if some of your customers perhaps are catching up with unfulfilled demand during the March quarter?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. So again, if you look at the guide we provided for March, down 12% sequentially, up 13.5% year-over-year. But the down 12% sequentially is actually slightly better than normal seasonality if you compared to the last 5 years for the March quarter. As you probably remember from the call of our large customer, they left some revenue on the table in the December quarter, and they're still trying to catch up, and they see improvements going into the March quarter.  Looking ahead for June, again, we only guide 1 quarter at a time, but sitting here today, I don't see any reason why June would not be in line with normal seasonality. So we do expect normal seasonality for the June quarter. Also, keep in mind that June is just a transition quarter, right? We feel very strong, based on our technology road map, the products, the design win momentum, and the design wins that we have on the book right now, we feel very strong for further sequential growth into the September and December quarter typically, as you see, with strong performance in the second half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Mobley: I'm going to pick up right where you left off Kris, and ask specifically what you would classify or quantify as a typical June quarter-over-quarter seasonal comp focusing specifically on the Mobile business? And then I have a follow-up.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So for the total company, if you look at the average of the last 5 years, in June, we have been flat to down 5%. So call it, an average 3%, 4% down sequentially in the June quarter. That's the average over the last 5 years.
Gary Mobley: And that's Mobile specifically, to be clear?
Kris Sennesael: That is mostly driven by Mobile.
Gary Mobley: Okay. All right. And then switching gears over to the Broad Markets business. I know that you have been capacity constrained for that business, but I presume given the upside that you delivered in the December quarter, that's less of an issue or turned out to be less of an issue. So maybe if you can give us an update on where you stand with expanding capacity to support the Broad Markets business, how the backlog is trending for that business in relationship to the improved supply? And that's it for me.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Sure. This is Liam. Well, as noted in the prepared remarks, we had a record Broad Market quarter, $477 million, 46% year-over-year. There's just a lot more for us to do in those areas. We are extending the reach of customers -- new customers. We're driving more complex cellular engines, IoT engines to our customer base, also gaining some traction -- meaningful traction with the I&A portfolio from Silicon Labs. So that's coming together in. There's so much opportunity in the Broad Markets business, and we're happy to see the numbers that we're discussing now.  But the market TAM there is substantial. If you think about the scale and scope of where we can take our products. So there's a lot of work to be done there, but we're really pleased with the effort. Our team is doing well, having some new customers in our corner is always great, and we're going to continue to drive in that way. So good stuff and a lot of good technical synergy as well. So most of these products do have a kind of a common core in some cases. So it does help us drive through our supply chain very effectively in high velocity and leveraging that scale that we talk so much about.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Apparently tight execution on the balance sheet and on the cash flow side. Kris, just a quick -- this is a housekeeping. What should we expect CapEx to be for this year? And then I had a quick follow-up, please.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So CapEx in the quarter was $96 million, which is somewhat light, but we don't really manage the CapEx quarter-by-quarter. We will definitely continue to invest. This is still early stages in a multiyear 5G upgrade cycle. As Liam just explained, there's a lot of growth opportunities and growth markets. And so we will continue to further invest in our manufacturing, adding more size and scale, but at the same time, also supporting the technology road maps. We have major success with bulk acoustic wave, and so we are -- the revenue of integrated devices that have BAW filters inside is growing very strong, and we're supporting that.  We're also making the necessary investments in Mexicali, in our back-end operation, supporting advanced packaging and test. And so again, we have a lot of growth opportunity for us. We will support that, and we will continue to expand the capacity and pay CapEx.
Ambrish Srivastava: Sorry, Kris. So just in terms of numbers, double digit, low double digit is the right number to be modeling? on top intensity?
Kris Sennesael: Double-digit.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Okay. And then for my follow-up is, Liam, for you on the broad markets business. What's now that you have included the Silicon Lab business, what's the right way to think about the longer-term CAGR for this business?
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. We definitely see great opportunity in that portfolio as it is right now. And so levering around that is a very substantial sales team from the core Skyworks still leveraging the I&A portfolio. We've done really well in the last couple of months of introducing the I&A products and technologies to customers that we already have, proven customers that we do a lot of business with, which is a great synergy for us. We are scaling operationally, the majority of the portfolio and the I&A business had been more of a fabless play. Over time, we're going to bring that technology under our own roof here at Skyworks and leverage the great scale that we have.  So it's a lot of really interesting things that we're doing on the inside, inward looking, but there's tremendous opportunity on the outbound side. So lot of activity, great people. The spirit and the business there is very high and the opportunity that we have is tremendous. We really have a small piece of the total opportunity size that product line can bring. So I think we're excited about the opportunity. We'll continue to report on our results. But thus far, things have been going really well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Just wanted to follow back on the Mobile side and just make sure I heard you saying, just because we've heard it from so of the other companies. But in terms of the March seasonality, I mean, we've heard that the largest customer has been pulling more product and maybe has less than a typical seasonal period. They're also launching a new phone to add 5G. So that's all good. So I'm just trying to understand, are you seeing that -- because you made comments that June should be normal, and I think you've now had a couple of companies talk about June being down more, because March is stronger. I want to just go back to that point and make sure I understand what you're saying.
Liam Griffin: Sure, Blayne. This is Liam. Yes, I think what you may see here is relatively typical demand cycle. But then within that demand cycle, where is the technology and how do you grow that technology even in constant units, right? So I mean, it won't be constant units, but if we have a baseline. Some of the enthusiasm around our view going into June is really about design wins that we have squarely in our sight. In some cases, design wins that have been consummated, they haven't shipped yet. So a lot of that is Skyworks specific.  But the typical calendar or fiscal cycles that we tend to see are still relatively in place. But I will tell you that the opportunity within the devices that we're serving and with the customers that we're serving, we're seeing growth potential there. And that's much more predictable for us. Because we know exactly what we're winning, we know exactly where that's going, we know how to prepare that operationally, and still do that shoulder-to-shoulder with the leading customers. So we feel really good about it. The macro seasonality could be a little bit different, but we feel very confident in what we're going to do.
Blayne Curtis: And then just a question for Kris. I think when you bought the Silicon Labs business, you're going to require -- retire debt quite quickly. I think you were actually pretty active on the buyback for December. So with the pullback in the stock, are you thinking about that differently? And anything you can talk about for the remainder of this fiscal year in terms of buybacks versus debt retirement?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Blayne. So currently, we have still $2.2 billion of debt on the balance sheet in addition to $1 billion of cash. So we feel really good about our liquidity position today. In terms of even gross debt, it's less than a turn of EBITDA. And so given where the stock is trading today and what it was trading over the last 3 months, we have switched on the buybacks again, and we will continue to do so going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: A couple if I could. So Liam, Skyworks traditionally has been very strong in Wi-Fi, the 2.4 gig section, I think you own when they use external amps. But that's always been shipped in the phone business into a SIP, a system in a package from somebody else, combined with a lot of other products. But it looks like now finally, the Android ecosystem is moving to more of an RF module architecture and where they'll break out the RF separately. So I kind of understand what that means from a content point of view, especially with WiFi 6E, but I suppose as a problem does it, I mean because now in addition to the amps, you've got to have the best filters, 2.4 uses a tough BAW filter and WiFi 6E will use a tough BAW filter. So one, are you seeing this shift to modules in WiFi finally? And two, does it present any difference in content opportunity for you? Does it go up? Does it go down? Does it stay the same? How do you characterize Skyworks' positioning if the Android world moves in mass to this new architecture? And I have a follow-up.
Liam Griffin: No, that's a good question. I think -- I don't know if everybody followed that, but I know where you are. So the bottom line on that, which is correct, we have an outstanding position in WiFi today. Just let me make that clear, very substantial. And it's been going great. But there has been improvements in technology and demand for higher speeds and higher performance. And in those cases, bulk acoustic wave is a critical element within the WiFi system. So we have ramped WiFi -- we have ramped our bulk acoustic wave technology, obviously, in smartphones with a lot of work, a lot of investment, and that's been going great.  And now we're seeing that move into WiFi. And we have design wins now that capture bulk acoustic wave within a WiFi system, multiple customers. So it's another vector of growth for Skyworks. And a lot of that is in the Broad Market side. It's very diverse. It's certainly -- we love our handset business, but you've got a handful of customers. When you get into the connectivity nodes around WiFi and other cases, you have a broadening there. So we're in good position there and a great position also now to start to lever up bulk acoustic wave beyond the mobile phone.
Edward Snyder: So it's safe to say you're shipping a coexisting BAW filter at 2.4 gig, which is one of the reasons I thought you even started the BAW to protect your WiFi business...
Liam Griffin: We do we have that. We do have those today, and we're going to continue to go higher in frequency as we move along.
Edward Snyder: Okay. Then if I could. You did very well on flagship phones last round. They're now finally moving the transmitter into the diversity section and you landed that, which is a big coup. So 2 questions if I could. What does the content opportunity look like at your large customers in that area? Because it tends -- you tend to really dominate the diversity section and of course, the low bands, too. But now that they've already added that, are we going to see any bigger kickers or have we got most of what we need there. And then how does this play out with everybody else, Samsung, in the Chinese OEMs? One, when do you think they'll move to the transmit in DRx? 2, do you think the same dynamic competitively will play out where you're going to kind of sweep that out and push wherever else like Murata, out of it like you did on the flagships?
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes. So on the higher end, the opportunity there, we talked about driving higher performance and filtering and moving up the data rate going to 6E, all that's working. But then if you go down to the mid-tier, there's just -- there's tremendous opportunity, because there's still -- the vast majority of phones in the Android world in some of the markets in China are just now stepping up with the higher-performing filters. And they get great performance return for that. So we're doing a lot of work and shoulder-to-shoulder design and work with customers to make sure they see the merits of this technology. And the performance upside that they gain for a couple of incremental dollars.  So I think there's a great opportunity there, coming from a low base, too. So that's not -- isn't just a simple upgrade cycle. It's coming from a very low base to mid- to higher end, and we'll continue to work along that curve. And the know-how that you build in Mobile and in RF translates very well. So all the hard work and the engineering talent that we have at Skyworks that's been working on flagship phones for years and years. They know how to scale when it goes into WiFi and some of these other wireless technology. So we look forward to leveraging that skill set as we meet with new customers.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley Securities.
Craig Ellis: Congratulations on the nice quarter and cash flow. I wanted to start with an operational question. So clearly, we've got a very strong demand environment out there right now. And Kris, it sounds like you expect the business to be seasonally strong in the back half of the year. So can you just talk a little bit about how you plan to manage manufacturing loadings as we go through the calendar first and second quarter or your fiscal second, third quarters? Should we expect to see that you'll build inventory to put yourself in a position or for whatever reason would inventory stay at a relatively lower level here?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Craig. I mean we do that every year, because we do have some large seasonal swings in our business, right? We have typically strong sequential growth in September, December and then down in March and kind of flattish to slightly down in June. That's the seasonal pattern. We're, of course, trying to maximize factory utilization and drive efficient use of our capital equipment. And so we are always level loading as much as we can. It's not perfect. That's why you also see some seasonal fluctuations in the gross margins there as well. But we definitely will try to maximize that.  Also, you know in this business, the design wins, we know them way ahead, right? So we know what we win, we know the product. We can start building to a certain extent ahead of it, and we do that every year.
Craig Ellis: Yes. Got it. That's helpful. And then I'll flip one over to Liam. Liam, I think there's a general view out there that this year will be a year for somewhere around 40% growth in the smartphone market, really as we ship a lot more midrange 5G smartphones. So I know you just talked about some of the things you're excited about on the Android ecosystem. But is it possible to put a quantification around the degree of content gain that's left at that tier of the market and beyond that tier what's still possible for Skyworks?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Yes. I mean we have 2 vectors, right? We have kind of the mid-tier moving up and then you have the premium devices really stepping up with high performance. And both of those portfolios have been great for us. And I think our ability, the years and years of time and investment, and shoulder-to-shoulder engineer work, we basically follow the lead with our customers. So we're very flexible. We can go to the highest end and we can also bring companies that haven't engaged and get them on board. And so that continues to grow. And the merits of mobility and wireless connectivity, everyone on the call knows how important that is. So there's a lot of opportunity there. And then if you move out of smartphones, Craig, we had a question on that a few minutes ago. We just -- we're really excited by the potential for proliferating connectivity everywhere, right? You're hearing more about M2M, you're hearing more about automotive. These are real. These are real markets right now. There's WiFi opportunity. It could be cellular. All of these end markets have great promise for us beyond just the mobile phone and the technologies that we have and the in-house scale that we have really creates flexibility. So we don't have a one-stop shop. We can be very crafty and configured -- configurable with our customer, depending on the application. So there's a lot of really interesting design wins that we have that really come about with customer problems and our engineers huddling together to solve it. So it's really cool to see. And you're going to see more and more growth around that. But still, the connectivity vector is the primary element here to make it all work.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brett Simpson with Arete Research.
Brett Simpson: Maybe two big picture questions, and maybe for Liam. First, just Android as a market opportunity for Skyworks. I guess your mobile business is much more skewed towards iOS historically. But if I look at Android, we probably look at about $1 billion of revenue for Skyworks every year, and there's more than 1 billion units shipping for Androids. So you're getting sort of less than $1 today of RF content on average. And I guess just moving to 5G and more modules, can you perhaps just talk about the opportunity that you see ahead of yourselves in terms of getting more strategic with customers or where you think you can really start to sort of grow your average content per unit in the Android ecosystem?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. That's a great question. Yes, and you're right. I think there's a lot more opportunity in Android now for us to go get. And it's really about an education opportunity for us. And we're working with these customers. We're demonstrating what a little bit of incremental content can do in terms of the end user's experience. So there's a lot more of a drive there. We absolutely -- it's not a technical hurdle for us. I mean we know how to do it. It's more around how do we craft the solution that provides the technology and the performance and does it at a price point and a cost point for us, where it makes a lot of sense. And that's happening now, because as you start to see 5G really accelerate, to really get the performance that's been promised and that's been desired, you've got to put in more content -- you got to put in more filtering as we talked about already in the call. You need to raise the performance of your gallium arsenide technologies, you got to bring them in. You got to look at your packaging and test, and the coexistence issues that happen when you have more and more of these technologies in a single application, whether the application is a phone or something else.  So there's a lot there. A couple of things I would say. In the last several months, we've been doing much, much better at the higher end of Android. Customers like Samsung have been very strong. And these are on the new platforms. These are on the highest performing new platforms that they're offering. And then we're going to bring along the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, players. In aggregate today, those are still very significant for us, but the content opportunity from today's baseline and where it could go over the next 2 to 3 years is quite substantial. So the point that you made at the beginning is definitely well taken.  So that's how we see that, and we've got great inroads right now on products that will -- they have a little bit of a different cycle than some of the large U.S. players, but you should see a lot more content from Skyworks in Android products going into the second half of the year and into 2023.
Brett Simpson: Great. Maybe just a follow-up, Liam, on Ed's question on WiFi. I guess, there's something like over 4 billion units of Wi-Fi that ship every year. And I'd just love to understand the RF TAM or the opportunity set that you see, especially with the transition to 6E and some of the changes that we're going to see and how this is packaged up. But I guess we could expect PCs and routers and smartphones and TVs to move quite aggressively towards 6E over the next sort of year or two. But is there anything you can share with us in terms of your strategy and how you plan to address this? Because I guess this transition should be quite positive for RF players like Skyworks that's done very well traditionally in the WiFi space.
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, that's a great point. So the appetite for high-end WiFi has really accelerated, and you can see the use case opportunity everywhere now, right? You do consumer products all the way to the super high end, you have WiFi, whether it's 6 or 6E. So that's all going to move in the right direction for us. And so one of the things that will happen as we move along the curve in Wi-Fi, it will actually create a cycle, not unlike what you see in mobile, where content grows and then content continues to move as the application and the burden on the technology rises, right. That the more important -- the higher the speed, the more efficient it needs to be, that's going to require better technology on the semiconductor and the filtering side. So that plays together very, very well for Skyworks. And think about us as kind of the mid- to high-tier player, but we can step into that low end of the market, too. But we are seeing a lift when you start to look at 6 and 6E in Wi-Fi. There's bulk acoustic wave filters there that we've already talked about on this call, but very, very important in the higher-end WiFi. And not today, highly populated. It's a cycle there that is on the upswing and it's still early. And we have the know-how to do it. So the wonderful thing there is we have the key elements to get it done. Similar elements that we would have in a high-end smartphone, but position and scale that configured in a way to deliver WiFi signals versus cellular. So there's a lot of opportunity there, and it plays into core technologies that we have in-house. So that's a really good question, and it is a key element in our strategy in Broad Markets is to do more and raise the bar there on overall WiFi performance.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra: So you've talked about the strength and opportunities in the Android ecosystem. A few years ago, you really had a greenfield of opportunities in the 3 to 6 gigahertz range, notably at your key customer. So how should we look at the competitive landscape now with Qualcomm recently announced ultraBAW RS in the sub-70 gig range, MediaTek also getting in that segment. So it feels like that 3 to 6 gig segment is where you've gained a significant share a few years ago starting to get more crowded. And I'm wondering whether there could be ramifications of that, including in the Android ecosystem.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean we're actually in a pretty significant growth path with the bulk acoustic wave filtering technology that would populate the 3 to 6 gig range. We also have a great deal of know-how and complexity on both transmit and receive and also the way to integrate the complexity around that. So when you're dealing with the high-end smartphones that would demand that kind of performance, you got to have the isolation, you've got to have the form fit and factor to integrate all of that. Because you're going to carry all of the existing 4G ,5G stuff around it, and then you have to populate when you get to 3 to 6 gig, there's going to be some additional filtering. And that has to all be coexisting in a way that makes perfect sense within the device itself, current consumption, et cetera, size and scale.  So we know how to do that. There's absolutely no gap at all, and we are populating 3 to 6 gig now. And as we mentioned, our BAW filter technology is very robust, extremely competitive in populating some of the most iconic highest-performing phones today. So that same recipe can scale across Android, can go to the highest end, Smartphones, can find itself in applications that are not mobile applications, like automotive, for example. So we have the keys for that. So that's something to work on. The market, in some cases, is just starting to demand this technology. In some cases, the market has been behind the technology.  But now we're starting to see the intersection with the high-performance technology and the needs of the consumer and the market together. And I think that's where things really are going to accelerate.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. Great. And then as a quick follow-up, obviously, you have opportunities for content increases and share gains. How do you look at the inventory situation in China smartphone OEMs? And is that something we should get concerned over the next few quarters?
Liam Griffin: Yes. For us, we don't see anything -- I mean, there's some bumpiness there, but not in the portfolios that we're driving right now. We keep a very, very lean view of our products. And Kris mentioned, it in terms of our days of inventory, et cetera, we're very -- we're not a big distribution play. We're kind of like, we go direct. So we have a very clear view of where the demand is, where the products are. And for the most part, things have been kind of short in terms of supply chain, which has limited some of our customers and created some imbalance. I think some of that's getting ironed out now. With Skyworks, as you know, we -- the lion's share of our business is done in-house. We have our own gallium arsenide technology. We have our own TC-SAW, standard SAW, bulk acoustic wave, assembly and test, all that stuff is in-house. So we're able to execute extremely well even if the conditions are choppy out there in the supply chain. So there can be some movement around that. But we feel very good about our ability to execute in that way.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Kevin Cassidy: I'm just -- we're getting a lot of information around input costs going up. And I wonder how you're controlling that. It looks like even your OpEx stays kind of flat next quarter, but also just for all your manufacturing. How are you controlling input costs? And what's the outlook for the rest of the year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Kevin, I mean, this is not a Skyworks specific issue. There's definitely some input cost increases. But as Liam just said, I mean, we control a lot of our own supply chain. And we have -- most of the supply chain is actually in-house. Now we still do buy some third-party materials, and we have seen some increases there as well. But if you look at the gross margins, I mean, we have been able to slightly improve our gross margins, in part because we do have also a dynamic pricing policy. And that means we increase or decrease prices where we can, depending on our competitive landscape and depending on certain increases or decreases in our cost structure as well.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Great. And just a reminder on the I&A business that you just acquired, what's the manufacturing strategy with that for the longer term?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean right now, we are still operating in kind of the fabless play, although still leveraging our teams in a way that's very cohesive. But there's definitely operational scale advantages with bringing some of the core technologies from the I&A lab business in the core Skyworks facilities. I mean, I think that's -- well, we know. I mean, that's something we're working on right now. And it is 100% in our control. We don't need help for it. We know exactly what we need to do. We just need to get it done. And we'll do a lot of things, because it will open up the portfolio greatly. There'll be more scale to drive the products.  And there's also, as I said earlier, a great synergy with the technologies that we have today and how they can dovetail with the I&A business, but also the very, very large roster of customers that the slab I&A business has that we can generate and engage our customers today with them. So there's going to be some great synergy there, upside synergy around revenue, and also synergy around operations. So looking forward to seeing that more as we pursue the business longer.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor events. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rachel. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' fourth fiscal quarter and year-end 2021 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, CEO and President, and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today.  Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch. And welcome everyone. Before I touch on the fourth fiscal quarter results, I want to highlight the significant accomplishments that underpin a record breaking year for Skyworks.  First, total revenue grew $5.1 billion, 52% ahead of last year, representing an increase of over $1.7 billion. We increased earnings per share to $10.50, up 71%. Operating cash flow expanded to $1.8 billion, an increase of 47%. And we completed a strategic and compelling acquisition, immediately diversifying our product portfolio and expanding our market reach.  Finally, with the investments we've made, Skyworks navigated a complex supply chain environment, leveraging world class manufacturing capabilities across strategic technology.  Now turning to Q4 where Skyworks delivered record performance. Revenues in our mobile and broad markets portfolios both grew at double-digit rates sequentially and year-over-year as we capitalized on broad based momentum fueled by demand for our unique connectivity solutions.  Specifically, we did revenue of $1.31 billion, achieved gross margin of 51% and operating margin of 37.2%. We posted earnings per share of $2.62, exceeding our guidance by $0.09 and generated strong operating cash flow, totaling $398 million in the quarter. The complexity inherent in 5G and demand for highly integrated solutions were major catalysts in driving our performance.  The momentum in global 5G carrier subscription is building, with estimates of 580 million users today, expanding to more than 3 billion users by the end of 2025. As expected, smartphones are leading the early transition. But new innovative use cases are emerging from automotive and industrial IoT to enhanced virtual reality, gaming and telemedicine.  Importantly, the power of 5G is increasingly being harnessed to drive sustainability efforts across industries worldwide, providing a wireless backbone to AI powered ecosystems, combining measurement analysis and optimization. For example, a major US manufacturer is combining wireless sensor-enabled cameras with artificial intelligence to reduce chemical usage by 90%. And a European startup is deploying wireless climate sensors in agricultural applications, to drive crop yields up to three times.  Looking ahead, 5G has the capacity to manage diverse connections across industries as it becomes the universal connector from the home, to the office, to the factory floor and to the farm. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this transformation with decades of connectivity leadership.  The acceleration of 5G powered broad set of use cases in Q4 with design wins encompassing the newest, most innovative smartphones and IoT devices, as well as gains in wireless infrastructure. Specifically, in mobile, we accelerated the reach of our Sky5 portfolio, powering the latest launches at leading tier 1 smartphone OEMs, supporting more than 20 platforms.  In addition, we shipped Sky5 solutions across Samsung Galaxy's tablet portfolio. And in IoT, we continue to gain new customers and expand content. We delivered 5G CPE connectivity solutions to Nokia. We partnered with Swisscom to launch their Wi-Fi 6 GPON residential gateway. We ramped Wi-Fi 6 and 6E platforms at NETGEAR and Cisco. Launched connectivity in home security devices with Amazon Ring and Comcast. And captured design wins at Garmin supporting mobile fitness applications.  In automotive, we supported autonomous driving systems with a market leading robo taxi platform and enabled the advanced charge control unit systems for a tier 1 European automotive OEM.  Across the infrastructure markets, we provide power isolation solutions to a strategic manufacturer of EV, including residential solar and energy storage systems. And we secured multiple design wins in next generation MIMO and small cell base station installations.  Moving ahead, we see a multiyear secondary technology evolution with our aperture widening from smartphones to industrial, automotive and expansive set of IoT devices.  Skyworks is fueling this dramatic technological shift with our unique capabilities. Integrating not only 5G, but increasingly with our other critical connectivity protocols, including high performance Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and precision GPS.  As these opportunities emerge, Skyworks is positioned to win, with the breadth and depth of our customer relationships established over 20 years, our experience across multiple technology transitions, and a dedicated and talented workforce that executed extraordinarily well during fiscal 2021.  With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.
Kris Sennesael : Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 was $1.311 billion, up 17% sequentially and up 37% year-over-year, driven by both mobile solutions and broad markets.  Gross profit in the fourth quarter was $668 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51%, up 40 basis points sequentially and 60 basis points year-over-year.  Operating expenses were $180 million or 13.8% of revenue, demonstrating leverage in our operating model, while continuing our strategic investments in support of future growth. We generated $488 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 37.2%.  We incurred $11 million of other expenses. And our effective tax rate was 8%, driving net income of $439 million.  So, top line momentum and execution on margins drove diluted earnings per share of $2.62, ahead of consensus estimates. EPS grew 22% sequentially and increased 42% compared to Q4 of last year.  Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $398 million. Capital expenditures were $263 million and we paid $93 million in dividends and repaid $250 million of our term loan.  Let's also review our record breaking full fiscal year performance. Revenue grew 52% to $5.1 billion, adding over $1.7 billion in incremental revenue over fiscal 2020. Gross profit was $2.6 billion, resulting in a gross margin of 50.9%.  Operating income increased 73% to $2 billion with an all-time record operating margin of 38.2%, up 450 basis points from the prior year.  Net income was $1.8 billion, translating into $10.50 of diluted earnings per share, up 71% year-over-year.  Cash flow from operations was up 47% to $1.8 billion.  And during fiscal 2021, we returned 536 million of cash back to the shareholders, with $340 million in dividends and $196 million in share buybacks all during Q1 of fiscal 2021.  Starting into fiscal 2021, we temporarily suspended our share repurchase program in connection with the acquisition of the infrastructure and automotive business from Silicon Labs.  Given the strength of our business and the progress we have made on integrating the acquisition, and given the low leverage ratio of less than 1 turn, going forward, we will, from time to time, consider share repurchases as part of our capital allocation strategy, depending on market conditions and in addition to our dividend program and further term loan repayments.  In summary, the Skyworks steam executed exceptionally well, delivering record revenue, profitability and cash generation, while making the investments that advance our technology leadership and manufacturing footprint in order to drive long-term profitable growth.  Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2022. We expect to deliver another quarter of double-digit sequential revenue and earnings per share growth in the December quarter.  Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.475 billion and $1.525 billion. At the midpoint of $1.5 billion, revenue for the quarter is expected to increase 14% sequentially.  Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 51% to 51.5%. We expect operating expenses of approximately $184 million to $187 million. And below the line, we anticipate roughly $10 million in other expense and a tax rate of approximately 9.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 167.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $3.10, an increase of 18% sequentially.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin : Thanks, Kris. Skyworks' record financial performance demonstrates our ability to capture robust demand across a diverse set of customers and end markets. Our execution has been powered and fortified by deep customer relationships, coupled with decades of investments, with a square focus on execution and best-in-class performance.  Looking ahead, Skyworks will continue to strategically invest in next generation technologies and capital expansion, positioning us for market leadership and sustainable growth as the transition to 5G and other advanced connectivity technologies accelerates.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo securities.
Gary Mobley: I want to start out just simply by asking about the revenue mix between broad markets and mobile narrowing for the quarter that is embedded in your guidance.
Kris Sennesael: I'll start with that and I'll provide some numbers and then Liam can provide some more qualitative commentary. In Q4, the September quarter that we just closed, broad markets was approximately 29% of total revenue. So, that was basically 31% on a year-over-year basis and up 13% sequentially. Also, I just want to point out on a full-year basis, broad markets was over $1.4 billion in revenue, growing at 45% on a year-over-year basis. So very strong performance in our broad markets business.  On the flip side, of course, we had mobile in Q4 was 71% of our revenue, up 40% year-over-year and up 19% sequentially. So, really strong execution there, of course, as we supported the ramp of new phone platforms at our largest customer. On a full year basis, just in mobile, we did approximately $3.7 billion of revenue, up 55% on a year-over-year basis. Clearly supported by the early adoption of 5G.  And maybe, Liam, if you want to add something on broad markets.
Liam Griffin: To reiterate Kris' comments, we continue to catalyze our broad market portfolio, gaining customers, gaining content, moving into new industries. The customer roster continues to get better and stronger. Names like Honeywell, names like Ford, looking at some of the plays that we see in the infrastructure space with Nokia and others. And plenty of room to grow from there. So, good work in broad markets.  As Kris noted, we've got some substantial top line. We're going to continue to drive that. Our research and development folks are driving innovation every day, not just in broad, but also deeply in mobile. And that recipe is working very well.  In addition to manufacturing assets that we have and the technology development that we put forth really gives us the flexibility to hit each and every one of those customers in a way that they want to see the products. 
Gary Mobley: As my follow-up, I wanted to do sort of a welfare check on the I&A acquisition to maybe perhaps ask if we can get an update on – if it performed according to your expectation for the quarter, if it's performing according to your expectation as we start the new fiscal year. And then as well, now that it will be a full year contributor, what the overall impact to the company's gross margins may be. 
Kris Sennesael: We closed the acquisition of the Infrastructure and Automotive business of Silicon Labs on July 26. And so, we had two out of the three months included into our September quarter. We're very excited and pleased with the acquisition. Again, I believe we paid a fair price for a very talented group of people with great technology, a strong product lineup in some really high growth markets, like electrical vehicles, the solar business, data center, data communication, 5G infrastructure, and so on.  So, the business since we've acquired it, in the last two months in September, has performed really well, in line with our expectations. We are not going to break out every revenue of every sub product line that we have in our portfolio. We will report the revenue contributions within our broad market segment.  But again, the business is performing well. We are really happy with the acquisition and we will continue to drive further growth in that business as we explained at the time of the acquisition. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: First of all, let me just congratulate you guys on some pretty solid results based on all the volatility in the market and supply issues. I wanted to follow-up on Gary's question earlier. You were gracious enough to give us a September breakdown. But may I trouble you to ask about how you think mobile versus broadband will perform in the December quarter? And then I've got a follow-up.
Kris Sennesael: We just guided for total company at $1.5 billion, which is up 14% sequentially. And we do see both mobile and broad markets growing at double-digit sequentially. Probably a little bit stronger in mobile than in broad markets, but both at the double-digit sequential growth.
Harsh Kumar: There's a lot of talk about China trends right now. And there's a lot of mixed signals being given by the earnings that are coming out. I was hoping, Liam, you could talk about what kind of trends you're seeing in the Chinese market. If you're seeing any mix shift, up or down, either ways, that may be benefiting you or not benefiting you. Just curious what color you got in China.
Liam Griffin: As you know, we've been a player in China for years and have been able to navigate the ecosystems and the platforms regardless of baseband partnerships. And that continues. So, we've got a great position with the OBX portfolios, continuing to drive them up into the 5G lanes, which brings content up for us. The business has been very solid for us. Now, we know there's tremendous upside, given the low base relatively in China smartphone. So, we're certainly well positioned to navigate through that. We definitely have the technology that is needed to make that lift in China. And our numbers continue to look very strong. So, it's a great part of the portfolio. It definitely is an opportunity to kind of enrich the technology within those phones. They're still a little bit lighter than some of the flagships that we have in the US. But we have to know how to do it.  The other thing about the China market is they want integration, they want labs to fabs types of products, they want our applications engineers, they need people that can make the job easier for them and fulfill a smooth transition to the consumer. So, all that stuff around the edges, that's our that's our bread and butter. So we are a great advocate there. And we're a great partner to those OEMs. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Kris, now that the fiscal year is over, can you give us a sense of what your top customer was for fiscal 2021?
Kris Sennesael: The top customer came in at 59% of total revenue on a full-year basis. By the way, in Q4, that was approximately the same 59%, which is slightly up from the Q4 of fiscal 2020, which was at 56%. But of course, you have to take into account the timing of the launch of some of the new smartphone platforms there.  This is a big number, but it really underscores the deep customer engagement that we have with this customer. By the way, not only in the smartphone lineup, but almost in every other product that they have and that they sell, you will find Skyworks inside.  Also, in Q4, the quarter we just closed, the Skyworks team really executed well, supporting the launch and the ramp of new smartphone platform that yet again for now almost 10 or 13 times in a row, we were able to obtain higher dollar content per phone, as witnessed by the teardowns that came out when the form came out.  And you can see, when you look at the teardowns, we really provided multiple high performance, very complex, highly integrated solutions, multiple sockets in that phone. That includes, in many cases, multiple best-in-class filters, including TC-SAW and Bulk Acoustic Wave technology across the transmit chain, the receive chain, as well as many other functionalities, including GPS and Wi-Fi, of course. So great execution there by the team.
Timothy Arcuri: I guess as my follow-up, there's kind of a lot of noise in the China market. I know that you don't have as much exposure to the domestic market or at least Chinese OEMs as some of your peers do. But there are some diverging data points. End market sell-through is not great. But, definitely, the high tier seems pretty tight. So, can you just talk about what you're seeing in China? Maybe you can have a distinction between sell-in and sell-through? 
Liam Griffin: The China market is important to us. And we've played that quite well. We have great partnerships with all the leading brands. I think the key here, and Kris kind of mentioned it, it's all about performance. It's not phone to phone. It's technology to technology, and you see a very, very different technology in the higher end players in China, where they are embracing the kinds of increasingly complex signals that Kris mentioned, using Bulk Acoustic Wave, using our TC-SAW, using an integrated approach, Sky5 approach.  In that side of the field, it's great. And we have a tremendous opportunity. We're continuing to grow the content because the complexity is going up. The complexity is what's driving the content. So we're making that adoption happen rapidly, depending independent of market conditions.  And we're also trying to uplift the lower end. There's still a pretty high percentage of lower end phones in China that we want to uplift and bring them to full 5G capability. And in those cases, you could have a $2 to $3 content that could move to $4 to $5. And so, there's pretty good leverage on that side. So, you've got multiple market focuses within China. We're able to address all of them from the highest to the most economical. And that's one of the strategies that's worked for us.  And very often, the first phone that we may work with with a customer, we'll have that customer for 5 to 10 years and continue to move the move the dial on content and performance as we step along. So, it's really a strategy around bringing the best technology to the customer and having that be enjoyed and celebrated by the end user.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Liam, we heard conflicting commentary yesterday from two of your peers. Just wanted your perspective on constraints. And it clearly seems like it's not impacted your business. But how has that trended? And more importantly, given the very well publicized shortfall in one of your large customers, what does that mean for the March quarter seasonality. And then I had a follow-up for you, Kris.
Liam Griffin: We'll try to unpack that one at a time. With respect to our ability to execute and deliver, in cases maybe where some others were not able to do that, is really about investments that we've made and investments that we made early.  So, if you let me indulge here for a minute, go back to where we were a year ago, we went from $3.3 billion to $5.1 billion in one year. In one year. With no M&A. How do we do that? Well, we made those investments months and months, 6 to 12 months before to ready ourselves to win. And also, knowing that we had the right customer set that appreciated the performance and technology that we could bring to the market. And so, that worked great for us and we executed tremendously.  The upside of that is those capital assets and those technology investments are there, they're on the job today. But there's a lot more we need to do. So, of course, we were nicked up a little bit here in the supply chain issues and shortages. But having our assets in-house, and you've heard me talk about this for a long time, having those assets in-house are strategic, it's critical, it's what customers want to see, all the way from gallium arsenide to packaging, assembly and test, TC-SAW, Bulk Acoustic Wave, standard SAW, all of that. We can mix and match to put the right solution together. So, that is one of the reasons why our numbers here that we're talking about today. They're very strong.  Certainly, we're experiencing the same market environment. But it was the ability to invest early, drive that cash flow, drive that performance to continue to do that and then bring those products to market in ways that are very flexible and having the ability to go from IoT to 5G to Bluetooth to Wi-Fi. Whatever the connectivity protocol may be, we will have the technology execution vehicles within our company to execute for our customers.
Ambrish Srivastava: And what about the seasonality for March?
Liam Griffin: We're not going to get into March at this point. March tends to be a little bit of a soft spot in the year. That's been traditional, but we don't really have a guide here to March at this point.
Ambrish Srivastava: Kris, I had a quick one and a longer one. Sorry. The quick one is capital and CapEx for the fiscal year. And really just looking at your cap intensity, I think it ties back to what Liam just said. It's much higher than at least your closest peer. Should we expect it to stay in the high single-digit, double-digit.  And then longer term, you now have a business that has a much bigger footprint of higher margin broad, diversified business segments. Isn't it time to revisit the long-term margin target and why should it not trend up versus what you've given us in the past? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: First of all, on the CapEx in fiscal 2021, CapEx was running over about 12% to revenue, which is somewhat in line with the last couple of years. We've been in that 10%, 12% range. And we're very fortunate that we did make the investments. As we just explained, we grew the revenue more than 50% year-over-year. If we would not have made the necessary investments in our manufacturing footprint, by the way, not only just expanding the capacity, but also adding new technology and improving the performance of our technology and our products. That was a very smart decision by the team here, proactively putting that capacity in place.  There is a lot of supply issues in the world, but it's not necessarily because of Skyworks. There is tightness and we're not perfect, right? The demand is higher than the supply, but Skyworks has, compared to peers and competitors and other industry players, executed really well because we did not hesitate and put the CapEx in place.  And again, this is just the beginning of a long 5G cycle, the beginning of Wi-Fi upgrade, the beginning of proliferation of 5G outside of mobile into growth markets. And so, we are not going to hesitate and we are going to make the necessary investments to further continue and support the growth of the business.  As it relates to gross margins, we did 51%. So, we went up 40 basis points sequentially, up 60 basis points year-over-year. We all wish it was higher and the team will continue to work and drive and drive it higher. But I've talked about that before. We are still facing COVID-19 headwinds. And yes, it is a tight supply constrained environment and we are facing some input cost increases right now. Again, the team is handling it very well. We continue to drive further operational efficiencies. And when you put it all together, we have a path to further improve gross margins over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James.
Chris Caso: My question is on the magnitude of the content gains this year. And based on your guidance, it looks like second half mobile revenues up about 9% year-on-year. And looking at the second half to normalize for the different product launches. But I guess the question is, out of that 9%, is that all attributable to content? Is there any kind of unit growth in there? Is there any unit decline baked in those numbers? Recognize that we're coming off some pretty exceptional content gains last year, but trying to gauge what they look like this year? 
Liam Griffin: Chris, we certainly see the opportunity to, again, push forth greater content, greater value, and it comes with technology, right? So, I think our teams are constantly crafting and developing next generation solutions. And also broadening the reach. So it isn't just a certain set of customers. It's a broader set of customers.  What we find is that there's just a tremendous need for performance, right? Performance is really what's going to drive this. And then, performance really means that you've got to deliver the technology behind that. So, we're spending a lot of money in that area. But strategically, we've got some great R&D folks inhouse that are crafty, that know how to get stuff done. And developing solutions for the next wave, right? Markets like Wi-Fi 6 and 6E are also right now in a great position for growth as we move forward. And I think connectivity around Wi-Fi is going to be great and will complement what we're doing in classic mobile device. So, I think there's a lot of good stuff going on.  The appetite with our customers is fantastic. There's no end to the ideas and the inquiries and the challenges that we're being asked to address, which is great. I'd much rather talk about that than worry about supply chains. And I think on the supply chain side, we're doing quite well. But we really want to continue to raise our bar with our technology and our R&D teams and our execution to bring customers the performance levels that they really need. 
Chris Caso: I was going to ask you a follow-up question on supply chain then. So, something you don't want to talk about. But with regard to some of the supply constraints, we've heard from many others in the industry that you weren't able to – many haven't been able to ship everything that the customers wanted here in the second half of the year. Is that still happening with you folks? Are you still constrained to the fact that you can't ship everything the customers asked for? And does that suggest that there's going to be some catch up in terms of your shipments as you go into the seasonally slower first half of the calendar year? 
Liam Griffin: It's a tricky situation. On one hand, the fact that we have our own manufacturing assets allows us to be really close to the demand curve. So, we're not subject to these big overhangs where we're waiting and waiting and waiting, waiting for parts. We're making our parts. So, we're largely an inhouse technology company. Around the edges, we will use some fabless partners. So, our exposure to that is much, much lower than others.  Do we still have some effects? Of course. Because it only takes one or two parts that could muck up a finished product. And everybody understands that. So, it does create some wrinkles. But I would say that, given the work that we've done at Skyworks for years and then more lately, as we talked about, as evidenced by the $3.3 billion to $5.1 billion, the ability to stretch and scale the business is a pretty good indicator of what our capabilities are. So, I believe that we're going to do very, very well when we've got our tailwind and we're going to do well when it's a muddy field. We're capable of doing it either way.  And again, a lot of that has to do with managing your own technologies, making those investments with your own people, your own teams and platforms that you know exactly where they're going to go. So, that's kind of our strategy as we go forward. I think that that that strategy is going to work very, very well for the future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research. 
Edward Snyder: Kris, one of the standout parts that you landed your largest customer is the transmit diversity module, which is a very rich part, uses BAW filters, as well, as I'm sure, TC-SAW. You've not had that before. I know it's one part among many. But given the content of that part, I would expect the margins on that are going to be better than at least the average, if not the highest among that. Given the customer, the unit volumes should be pretty high. Should we expect if we see more of those, not just at that customer, but at others as Samsung and those folks move to more of the sophisticated 5G features? That would be a significant margin driver for you, given the size of mobile and the size of these customers?
Kris Sennesael: I assume you can understand I can't discuss specific gross margin on specific parts for specific customers. 
Edward Snyder: But it was a trend. I'm looking for the trend because 5G, obviously, for the high end phones is now moving from basic connectivity to vastly more advanced connectivity. And part and parcel of that are going to be transmit DRx modules and this is the first one we see. So, as we see more of those in all phones, especially from you, shouldn't we expect margin to increase to? 
Kris Sennesael: Absolutely. And I've talked about that before, right? The largest contribution to our overall gross margin improvement strategy is to bring higher complexity, higher value added, highly integrated parts that really enhances the performance of the product of our customer. And our customers understand that that requires a lot of R&D, that that requires CapEx dollars to be invested. And that requires a certain value to be paid for that. And that is how we have been driving the gross margin improvements for the last 20 years as we move from 2G to 3G to 4G, and now to 5G. And indeed, adding more value to our products. You're absolutely right about that.
Edward Snyder: If I could, you've kind of been under earning a little bit at Samsung. They were high single-digit percentage revenue probably last quarter. I know they're on the way up here. Did they broach 10% this quarter? And more importantly, by looking at the next couple of quarters, especially the beginning of next year, should we expect you to continue to gain ground here? Or will mix – because I know they're favoring more the low end products at this point, will mix kind of hold the lid on it for the short term and then we should look for out periods maybe late next year or so to see further gains?
Kris Sennesael: Absolutely. They were not a 10% customer, but you are right, they are up to the right. So, the trend is the business is growing sequentially, as well as year-over-year. As Liam pointed out before, we have great design win momentum with them, as you can see in some of the teardowns as well, with some very rich complex parts in their phone lineup. And by the way, not dissimilar to with the large customer, not only in their phone lineup, but many of their other devices that they sell that have wireless connectivity embedded as well.
Edward Snyder: If I could, maybe a final one. Liam, for you. It's no secret that Qualcomm is getting some share in the low-end China phones, low band. They've led in some of those. [indiscernible] mid, high band. There's a lot of chatter in the chain anyway that it's kind of a combination of things that performances [indiscernible] has improved certainly. But also, as we saw yesterday, the shortages in chips has given them even greater leverage and kind of compelling some of the smaller OEMs or the low end of the bigger OEMs to use some of their RF products. How do you see that shaking out for your share in China short-term? And maybe you could comment on the long term trend with that. Do you think it will be sticky given the supply in the modem? Or once supply chain eases up, we'll get a reversion back to the mean?
Liam Griffin: I think there's a there's a lot of opportunity in China and we've been in the market, the OBX portfolios and the Android portfolio for quite a while. It seems like over the last year or so, the larger kind of higher-end players have done better vis-à-vis the overall market. Now, having said that, we serve everybody. One of the things that is really advantageous for Skyworks, and we talked about the technologies and the inhouse capacity and scale, it's going to help us quite a bit in China because, in China, as you know, the content is not as rich as it is in some of the higher end phones, but there's a tremendous opportunity to lift that content. And a lot of that comes down to the technical know-how in demonstrating what a couple of dollars of incremental content can do to the user experience, to the performance of the connected devices. And it's significant. And I think those that are deeply in this industry know that.  So, we have to do a little bit of engagement there to continue to demonstrate with our customers what performance can really mean to the user. And we're getting very, very good response to that. And that's going to drive our content because you've got to have a catalyst to get that content up there. And I think when users can see the performance levels that really are right there in front of them, just need to embrace it, there's an opportunity for them to see a much better – gain a much better experience with connected solutions that we can provide.  And we do that with many, many other customers that put much higher end performance marks. We know how to do it. We have great application engineers that can work across each baseband as well. So there's a lot to do there. And I think it's one of the markets – or one of the areas in the market that still has a tremendous opportunity of growth, despite some of the things that we're talking about in supply chains.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of the Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Toshiya, your line is open.  Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: I just want to follow-up on the broad markets. I guess I was a little bit confused. So, the business was up about $40 million. I think the acquisition add more than double that. So, I guess I didn't hear from you what's weak? Is it a supply issue? I think if I had it right, I think Wi-Fi might have been a little weak in June and I think you were looking for it to come back. So, second, what's weak? And then I guess you're forecasting it to rebound in December, what's driving that?
Kris Sennesael: Blayne, you're absolutely right. When Liam talked about some of the tightness in the supply chain, it's especially more so in the broad markets business. By the way, not only because Skyworks is not able to supply, but the issue of full bill of materials or keeping issues, right, some of our customers are struggling to get parts from peers and competitors or other players in the industry. And so, as a result of that, they don't necessarily need the Skyworks parts right now. They will need them later.  So, that I think was driving most of that in broad markets. But again, looking ahead to December and then beyond, we do assume that some of the tightness in the supply gets resolved, that they will get to full bill of materials. And that, of course, also Skyworks can resolve some of the tightness in its own supply chain and that will further drive revenue growth in broad markets. Because if you look at it overall high level, there is very strong demand for connectivity in a broad set of products. If you look at automotive, industrial, some consumer type of applications, there is very strong demand, and we don't see that slowing down.
Blayne Curtis: Can I ask a similar question on the mobile side? Given the Apple revenue that you reported, it's not perfect math, but it does seem like Android is down in September, maybe double digits. And I'm just kind of curious, if I had that math right, is it a similar issue with kitting or something else? And I guess for December, the whole mobile group should be up double digits, as you said, but I was just kind of curious if Android would be part of that, given it was down in September.
Kris Sennesael: No, that's how it has been for the last five years that I have been with the company, right? In September and December, when the large customer launches their new platforms, they have priority in the supply chain, not only with Skyworks, but with many of the peers and competitors. And so, Android understands that and they are not going to put up a fight for supply with the large North American customer. Especially this year when it's very tight, even more so than then in the last five years, you will see some seasonal fluctuations there. Absolutely.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen and Company.
Karl Ackerman: I wanted to focus on your broad markets business, if I may. You now do have a more diversified products and end markets within broad markets through the integration of SLAB's auto industrial business. I was hoping you could describe whether the acquisition is performing in line with your initial expectations. And if you could peel back the onion and discuss some of the opportunities you are seeing for your timing, power isolation and Wi-Fi products.
Kris Sennesael: I'll start. And as I said before, yes, the I&A business, we've now two months under our belt in September quarter and one month more here in the December quarter. We're really excited about that acquisition. And great people, great technology, great product, great customer relationships, high growth markets, and the business is doing really well.  By the way, it's a fabless business model, as you know. So, there's definitely some tightness from a supply point of view, the demand is bigger than the supply, but there the team as well is working on creating more supply and bringing on more supply. And so, it's working out well.
Liam Griffin: Let me add to that. There's a tremendous diversification lever here with the I&A business from SLAB. There's tremendous opportunity in the technologies. We have scale that is just incredible compared to the size that had been there before.  So, we are working very closely on the strategic technologies within the I&A portfolio. We're seeing some great, great opportunities there. And we're going to bring a lot of that stuff inhouse, into our sites, into our factories and streamline.  We're also going to do some strong cross pollenization of the sales team to make sure that we understand exactly where the opportunities are and the scale plays are. And I think there's a lot that can be done there. There's great technology there. We just need to bring it to the right customers and raise the game. The supply chain issues kind of hit that portfolio a little bit harder than others. But it doesn't take us off our track. And the technologies that we acquired are outstanding, and we're going to cultivate and grow those technologies with customers, for sure.
Karl Ackerman: For my follow-up, if I may. I know this has been asked several times. I want to try and ask it a different way. You suggested that mobile will grow double digits next quarter. I'm curious if that reflects some moderation of mobile products within China? And I ask because it seems that some of the demand in China has pushed from December into March. And I'm curious if you would endorse that view. Simply put, is this a supply issue? Is this a demand issue? And how would you see that being rectified over the next few quarters? 
Kris Sennesael: When you look at the data, the demand for 5G phones in China continues to be very strong. There's no question about that. I'm not talking here about 4G, 3G or 2G phones. I'm talking about 5G phones. demand in China continues to be very strong. And there's multiple suppliers. Of course, the large North American customer supplies into China and is doing really well there. And then, of course, there's the Android players as well.  Now, as I said before, there is seasonality to that business. And September and December are not the strongest seasonal quarters for that business because a lot of the supply goes to the large North American customer. But you typically see some somewhat of a rebound into the March quarter as well with Chinese New Year being part of that March quarter. And we expect that to play out this year as well.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments. 
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you with you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-07-29 18:17:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rachel. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' third fiscal quarter 2021 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company Web site for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome everyone. Skywalks delivered record third quarter results with strong year-over-year growth in both revenue and earnings per share. Further, the completion of our acquisition of the Infrastructure and Automotive business of Silicon Labs, we have significantly expanded our market opportunity while accelerating our top and bottom line growth.  Here are a few highlights. In the quarter, we delivered revenue of $1.116 billion, 52% above Q3 of last year. We posted a new Q3 record for earnings with EPS of $2.15, above consensus and representing a year-over-year increase of 72%. And given our strong and predictable cash generation, we announced a substantial increase to our quarterly dividend.  Looking ahead, we expect continued momentum as we execute on strong design wins with our mobile and broad market customers, levered by the performance gains of 5G. We are seeing a tipping point with 5G acting as the catalyst transforming entire industries from telemedicine and autonomous driving to factory automation and intelligent energy management.  By increasing efficiency, these 5G-enabled applications are also lowering carbon footprints and driving renewable energy. Skyworks is at the center of this unique technological shift and its reliance on wireless connectivity, with innovative solutions developed over 20 years and across multiple technology transitions. The combination of our innovative solutions, broad customer reach and unrivaled manufacturing scale drove another quarter of strong design win execution.  In mobile, we expanded the reach of our Sky5 portfolio, powering upcoming smartphone launches at Tier 1 manufacturers, including Google, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, among others. In IoT, we secured wins across a diverse set of customers. Specifically, we delivered Wi-Fi front-end modules to Facebook for their new portal launch, captured design wins at Peloton supporting home fitness applications.  Partnered with Linksys on their newest Wi-Fi 6E mesh network system, and ramped additional advanced Wi-Fi platforms at Altice, Charter Communications and Aruba Networks. We also launched connected home and security solutions at Honeywell and shipped cognitive audio platforms to Samsung and Vizio for their home theater systems.  In wireless infrastructure, we continue to leverage our small cell and advanced MIMO expertise in support of multiple Tier 1 OEMs. And finally, in automotive, we strengthen our position across the global ecosystem, with our integrated solutions enabling advanced telematics for leading auto manufacturers.  In summary, Skyworks trusted technologies play a pivotal and essential role in the way we live, work, play and educate, enabling ubiquitous, reliable, ultra-fast connections, positioning our business for continued growth.  Skyworks success is underpinned by unique strengths, including our highly integrated connectivity engine, powering applications across an increasingly diverse array of customers in multiple high growth end markets. A differentiated manufacturing footprint levering strategic technologies, from high performance filters to custom gallium arsenide and advanced packaging.  And finally, along with our seasoned and diligent workforce, we maintain deep collaborative relationships with our customers. These advantages will be further enhanced by the acquisition of the I&A business. This combination immediately broadens our product portfolio, augments our engineering prowess and expands our market reach, while diversifying revenue and enhancing profitability.  With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q3 and our outlook for Q4.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks posted another quarter of strong financial results, delivering record Q3 revenue of 1.116 billion, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. Total revenue grew 52% year-over-year, demonstrating exceptional performance across both mobile and broad markets.  Mobile revenue grew 52% year-over-year, as we capitalized on technology-rich content, powering an impactful set of 5G customers. In parallel, broad markets revenue was 50% year-over-year, benefiting from strong demand for IoT solutions, including Wi-Fi 6 and 6E, and smart audio, as well as emerging use cases in industrial and automotive markets. Gross profit in the quarter was 565 million, resulting in a gross margin of 50.6%, up 50 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were 161 million or 14.5% of revenue, demonstrating spending discipline while continuing our strategic investments to drive growth.  We generated 403 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 36.1%, a 480 basis points improvement over Q3 of last year. Other expense was 3 million, reflecting a partial quarter of interest expense associated with the recently completed acquisition of the Infrastructure and Automotive business of Silicon Labs.  Our effective tax rate was 10.4%, resulting in net income of 359 million or a net income margin of 32.1%. Execution on top and bottom line growth, while expanding gross and operating margins, drove record Q3 diluted earnings per share of $2.15, beating the guidance by $0.02 and an increase of 72% when compared to fiscal Q3 of 2020. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Third fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was 273 million, capital expenditures were 115 million, and we paid 83 million in dividends. We ended the quarter with a net cash position of 1.5 billion, with 3 billion in cash and investments and 1.5 billion in debt.  Moving to our outlook now for Q4 of fiscal 2021. Based on continued robust demand for connectivity solutions in mobile and broad markets, and the inclusion of a partial quarter of revenue from the recently completed acquisition, we expect continued growth into the September quarter.  Specifically, in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021, we anticipate revenue to be between 1.27 billion and 1.33 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.53 at the midpoint of our revenue range. This represents revenue growth of 36% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth of 37% compared to the fourth fiscal quarter of 2020. Exclusive of acquisition-related revenue, we expect double digit sequential growth in both mobile and broad markets.  Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 51% to 51.5%. And we expect operating expenses to be between 180 million and 183 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly 11 million in other expense, reflecting the interest expense associated with the acquisition financing.  We expect a tax rate of approximately 10.5% and a diluted share count of approximately 167.5 million shares. And lastly, given our conviction in Skyworks strategic outlook and predictable strong cash generation, today we also announced a 12% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.56 per share.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam. 
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks is clearly on track to deliver record financial results for fiscal 2021. As mentioned, the addition of the I&A business further propels our expansion into strategic growth segments. And with a widening array of usage cases, the proliferation of 5G is driving significant momentum for Skyworks.  Our powerful cash generation capabilities, technology-centric operational scale, and global reach are fueling a robust design win pipeline. And finally, the strength of our balance sheet allows us the flexibility to invest to win, while delivering consistent shareholder returns.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And given time constraints, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Our first question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley Securities. Sir, your line is open.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the financial results, guys. Kris, I wanted to start with you and just see if I could get you to put a finer point on the contribution from A&I in the fiscal fourth quarter. Can you be a little bit more specific on what you expect from a revenue standpoint and the earnings contribution from the deal?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Craig. So we are not going to report on any specific business line or product line within the quarter. But given that you asked, first of all, we are very excited about conclusion and the closing of the acquisition on July 26, so earlier this week. It's a great business, very diversified, new revenue streams and high growth markets for us. The business was running. And we told you that when we announced the deal at approximately $400 million of revenue on an annualized basis, so approximately $100 million of revenue on a quarterly basis if it's a full quarter. But this is only a partial quarter. So we only get two out of three months in this September quarter. We will get three out of three months in the December quarter. So I hope that answers your question.
Craig Ellis: That helps. And then I'll just stick with A&I, but make it a longer term, more strategic question, and I'll flip it to you Liam. Under Silicon Labs, this was a very high quality business that steadily grew over time in two different end markets and now you have it. And I'm just hoping that you could spend a minute talking about your vision for what you can do from a synergy standpoint with channels, with customers, with product roadmaps, and what do you think that means for the growth rate of the business on a multiyear basis from the base that Kris talked about, which is a $400 million business.
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. Well, first of all, as Kris mentioned, we really are excited about taking on this acquisition; great people, great technology, fabulous end markets. And the other really important thing is this is all uncorrelated to what we do in mobile. So this is really unique for us. One of the things, Craig, that we absolutely will capitalize on is the quality of the technology that the Silicon Labs team has brought and our ability at Skyworks to scale at high level. So we look at these products now that are great, and we think we can take them as is and bring them to newer customers, broader scale opportunities, proliferate much further than what we see today. And it's going to be a lot of fun doing that. And our folks at Skyworks, our operational team, the ability to do work in our own fabs, which is very strategic right now, we'll definitely put some fuel behind it. So we're excited about a lot of great end markets, improves margin, improves versification. There's some customers that we know very well that we can take these products, and there's some new accounts that we're going to find together. So we're really excited about the opportunity. It's very early, but we're very excited about what we can do.
Craig Ellis: Got it. Thanks, guys, and good luck.
Liam Griffin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Sir, your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. Liam and Kris, can you comment on shortages? In this case is a public comment Apple makes, so I can name them. I know we're not supposed to name your customers. But they talked about shortages getting worse than the third quarter. From your perspective, are you seeing that impact your business in the third quarter -- in the calendar third quarter? And then I had a quick follow up please.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, on a general basis, there is a supply chain crunch around semiconductors. I think we all understand that. And it's affecting everybody to some degree. I would say that Skyworks, and if you know the company here, right, we’re an investor in technology and we have the lion's share of our technologies in-house, in our own fabs all the way from Gallium Arsenide to assembly and test the bulk acoustic wave filtering, TC-SAW, a lot of really complex portfolios that we have and technologies that we bring in our own house. So we have a -- the benefit of that scale and the investments that we've made over the years fortify our position in supply chain. Now having said that, as we all know that any given platform, whether it's a smartphone or a piece of the infrastructure pie, all the components have to come together to create a solution for the customer. So if anything is short anywhere in the food chain, it can impede demand, right, execution around demand. So, we are certainly seeing that. I feel like our teams are doing a good job navigating through, but it's clear that there's more demand opportunity now, that hasn't really been executed. So I think we're going to do work on our end to support our customers. We're certainly doing the work in our fabs, in our labs to be a little bit more efficient there and driving the technology. But it's clear that there is an impediment in demand right now globally in supply chain. So that is a real issue.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Thank you. And you did set your supply chain capability, if I remember correctly, in the December quarter. I had a question on gross margin. Maybe Kris, you can address that. And I'm just trying to do my math on the fly. Is it the delta, and we haven't seen this level in a while. This delta is coming from impact from the contribution from the Silicon Labs business, because the cost headwinds are there and it seem to be getting -- not getting any better. So can you just walk us through the delta in gross margin please? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Well, first of all, I'm pleased with our execution on gross margin. We did 50.6% gross margin in the June quarter, up 50 basis points year-over-year and that's just pure organic. We guided 51 to 51.5. So that's up another 65 basis points sequentially, or up 85 basis points on a year-over-year basis. As we indicated before, the I&A business is helping there because that's running at or on about 60% gross margin. But you can clearly see as well that we continue to make further improvements in gross margins in our organic business as well, as we execute on our technology roadmaps, get more and more 5G, Wi-Fi 6, Wi-Fi 6E, higher level of complexity, higher performance parts in our product mix.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Sir, your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to focus first on the SLAB I&A division that just closed. I know you just closed it a couple of days ago. But during your due diligence process, have you been able to find areas of cost overlap that may drive incremental synergies over the next few quarters? And I guess as you address that question, could you also describe any early indications on sale synergies in the broad markets division, now that that acquisition has closed that actually will allow you to have a much broader solution set for customers?
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. So on the cost side, clearly, the ability to take Skyworks $5 billion run rate revenue company and the infrastructure that we already have in-house and the technology knowhow that we have is definitely a strategic piece of the equation with the Silicon Labs deal for sure. And then on the customer side, there's some great products that are ready to go right now that we just have as a team can lever up some of those portfolios so that the Silicon Labs team is brought to us and we know where to take it. And we're also a big volume player at Skyworks. So we are absolutely ready to go after big game. We have the scale for it, we have the appetite for it, we have the technology knowhow and prowess to make that happen. So there's a lot of really good technologies that are there in the SLAB I&A team that we can scale with known customers and known markets. And that's going to be an important part here. And we've spent a lot of time working on it as we went through diligence on this process. And both of those vectors are going to be strategic for us as we go forward. And we have the game plan to make it happen.
Karl Ackerman: I appreciate that, Liam. For my follow up, your outlook for September looks to be up 11% sequentially on even just an organic basis on par with one of your RF peers who reported this week. That peer indicated that some of the slowdown in Android production did impact results, but is more really due to supply constraints. And I guess some of that would improve in the September quarter. My question and maybe dovetailing to an earlier question today, I was hoping you could address whether you see improvements in assembly and test or other areas of constraint that could allow you to propel strong results from here? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. No, that makes total sense and that's what we're seeing. So for the most part, we have a great deal of control in our supply chain, because we have our assets. But it only takes one or two devices that you don't make to create an impediment of demand. So there's clearly levels of demand that are being delayed in terms of execution due to supply chain constraints. It's kind of a global issue right now. We're doing some really good work on our end. We're levering what we can on our side and working with our partners where -- the outside partners that we may have. And I don't think this is going to be a long-term problem. But it's certainly a problem that it is making its way through the semiconductor cycle. Some companies have it worse than others. Again, with our internal capabilities, I think we have some strengths there that others may not have. But it is certainly a unique case where demand is being impeded to some degree with supply chain issues. And that is just kind of a global issue now in the semiconductor space, a lot of work being done to get that free flow of demand again. But the demand opportunity is there. So I want to make that clear. I think the demand opportunity for the products that we have and the appetite from our customers is still very strong. The technologies that are coming to market are rich and powerful. And I think that's all going to come to market here soon.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Sir, your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Kris, this is probably a tough question to answer given the addition of the SLAB revenue, but I'm just kind of wondering as you look into December, if you were to strip that out, like it seems like December is normally up low teens. So I'm wondering if you can look out into December and if you excluded SLAB, is that sort of how you see things trending into December?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So, Tim, as you know, we only guide one quarter at a time. And we feel really good about the guide that we provided for September. Having said that, looking to December, you're absolutely right. We typically see further strong sequential growth into that December quarter as we execute on some high content rich, 5G phone ramps. And we do expect our broad markets business organically to further continue to grow into the December quarter. And so -- plus in addition, as I mentioned before, we will have three months of the I&A business in the December quarter. And so when you put that all together, we feel really good about December.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks, Kris. Thanks for that. And I guess, typically, your concentration from your largest customer in the June quarter is somewhere in the 45% to 50% range. And I just -- typically it sort of gives us a sense of where that came in. Was it in that same range, 45% or 50%? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So in June, it was slightly above 50%, which by the way was exactly the same percentage a year ago in the June quarter of 2020.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you, Kris. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ed Snyder of Charter Equity. Sir, your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Liam, I think SLAB is a great acquisition. But if I look at this, it's very different than something else that you’ve done. I think one of the best -- probably the best you ever did, one of the best in the industries was SiGe back in 2011. But that was a screamer, primarily because the technology they had was excellent and was coveted by some of your largest customers, your largest customer, but they couldn't buy from them because you're too small. So when Skyworks got a hold of it, off to the races you went, and it's been a huge success I'm sure. This looks to be more like TI National acquisitions where it's kind of plug-and-play diversification role. I'm not clear. I know you plan on growing it. I know they've got a lot of great technologies and excellent profile in terms of margins. But can you give us some examples of ways that you can grow this into your customer base? And most of it I imagine is going to be in broad markets, so there's probably little chance that you'd see anything close to the growth in this revenue line that you saw with SiGe, because it's not going to go into your mobile customers, right? So maybe you can help us flesh that out a little bit more on what the growth rate could be like, and where you're going to see that go specifically, if you could? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Sure, Ed. So, obviously, through the process, we had deep dives into all the elements of the I&A business. They have a very strong timing portfolio, which we can take the multiple customers and customers that we have right now. They have an isolation business that's very strong. Their automotive portfolio is outstanding. There's a lot we can do there. There's quite a bit of customer and sales synergy here that we can unlock. One of the things I would say is, is their portfolio’s very strong technically, but hadn't been as broad in terms of scale, right, going after the very, very large players. And that's something that we do very well here. So we're going to lever up the scale. We're going to enhance the technology. We're going to invest in this portfolio. Some great, great folks there, some people, great end markets that we can pursue. And we think it's going to really be a special deal for us. And the early innings here what we're seeing and the engagements with their customers and what we're doing with our sales channel, I think is going to be unique. And then the manufacturing benefits, right. For the most part, the I&A business has been outsourced. And I think there's a great deal of synergy that we can use in our assembly and test operations, even if there's some fabless elements. Just having the packaging, assembly and test in-house is a strategic advantage as well. So we're really excited about it. And we spent a great deal of time working through this transaction. And we haven't done a lot of deals here at Skyworks. We're very conservative with that. And it has to fit before we go about an acquisition. And this is one of those transactions that as we move through the process, we liked it more and more. And we really like it now and look forward to demonstrating that opportunity as we go forward.
Edward Snyder: Great. And then if I could shift to mobile perhaps. I mean your largest customer leads the field and the complexity and sophistication [indiscernible]. I think everybody knows that. And some of the things that they implemented last year and look to implement this year, [indiscernible] to Skyworks’ strength, obviously. We saw the December quarter of last year was phenomenal. But in terms of the rest of the world, especially in regard to China, they lag and it looks like they're moving in that direction. Now if you step back [indiscernible] Skyworks is kind of under earned in China over the last several years, maybe over earned domestically. But I'm wondering, as those technologies move into the Vox [ph] group, does that present opportunity? Do you think you'll be able to exploit that to gain a larger share? So should we expect to see more acceleration in growth in the Chinese OEMs Android [indiscernible] for Skyworks next year?
Liam Griffin: Yes, great comment. I'm glad you brought it up. And the answer is, we are seeing a great opportunity there. We went through the last calendar year with great success. We'll continue to do that with flagship models, largely domestic U.S. players. And we're starting to see now the incremental move with the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, MediaTek players as they bump up and bring their technology along in 5G. And that's a great opportunity. And the content delta there can be substantial. And we're working that very hard. We mentioned it in our prepared remarks. And that's a very strategic lever for Skyworks. And we're engaged. So this isn't a case we have to break in and form a relationship. We're already a supplier to these key players. But we're seeing the technology lift within their devices. It’s exactly what we anticipated. So we should expect more from that corner of the world. 
Mitch Haws: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. One of your competitors on the RF side has been talking about certain available opportunity of roughly $10 billion that has opened up largely because of Huawei business essentially dying on a vine and that being redistributed amongst more influential customers. I’m wondering -- I was hoping to get your perspective on how that has benefited Skyworks in recent quarters, what inning we may be in with respect to that redistribution of market share, and how it may impact you guys looking forward?
Liam Griffin: Yes. That's an interesting question. As we just mentioned with the last caller, we're deeply engaged in China across all the platforms, and we have good relationships there. We formed those for years. So we've always been a trusted partner. We have the knowhow to create custom engines with our Sky5 portfolio that allows our end market customers to step in quickly with a solution that we've architected. So we see that demand opportunity as well as anyone. We have a more diverse portfolio that can address those markets as well. So it's not a single solution. We can crack it. We can customize it. We can reach into our Sky5 portfolio and do exactly what the customer needs. And so we look forward to that growth. So we see that same opportunity, and it can be upside for us as we see China move into 5G accelerate.
Gary Mobley: Okay. For my follow up, I want to ask you about content growth at your lead customer, but I won't go there. But I was hoping maybe you can give us a little more detail on sort of the frequency band support that will be needed as we move from one 5G phone to the next generation. In other words, the cycles within a cycle, so to speak, as it relates to air interfaces. What sort of content growth do you think you can see long term in broad market related as these flagship phones need to support more frequency bands, in particular things like millimeter wave support. And then related to that, perhaps what your current stance is with respect to millimeter wave? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, as you've seen, the frequency opportunities continue to expand. If you look at the C-band option, for example, that opened up a tremendous amount of technology, 3 to 6 gig where we can capitalize immediately. I think the appetite -- if we go high level, the appetite for this technology is really strong, right? The mobile technology that we see every year gets more complex and more challenging, whether it's in China, whether it's in the U.S., and we love that, because we're a company that focuses on the high end, we focus on technology, we focus on excellence in our products. And we see that opportunity be rewarded with our customers. So we can hit all of those nodes, whether it's a China play, whether it's the high end of the U.S., and we've grown the technology along with it. So that's how we go to market. There's nothing new about the news around Huawei or anything like that. All that stuff is completely understood. Millimeter wave you mentioned, millimeter wave is an interesting technology. It works in certain areas. It has some drawbacks as well that are well known. We listen to our customers and we have great engagement with all the players that we need to work with. And together, we resolve the complexity and work on the end market solution. So, we have investments across that entire spectrum. We know what we need to do to win. We also know what we need to do to allow our customers to win. And that's the recipe that's been working.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Sir, your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for taking my question. I just want to revisit the September guide. So I guess when you look at it on an organic basis, it's a little over $100 million sequentially. If you look back last year, your lead customer kind of contributed that amount. And with the earlier launch and content gains, you’d think it would be some more. So just trying to understand, are there some segments that are down? Are you adding some conservatism? Just trying to understand with the acquisition, I know it's a great sequential, but just from looking at the moving pieces should be a bit more in my mind. So just trying to figure out what I'm missing?
Kris Sennesael: Blayne, I think as we indicated, organically we see double digit sequential growth into September, both in our mobile and broad markets business. And we have really done well and executed well on the design win side. We have higher content in multiple forms at all OEMs that are launching, and that will be launched here in the next couple of months or so. And so sometimes it becomes a little bit of a unit place. As you know, we always are somewhat conservative in our unit assumptions. There is definitely strong demand for the products. We do take into account, as Liam earlier expressed, some of the global supply issues which are there, right, and we need 100 parts to make a phone. If there are only 95, including the Skyworks parts, but they are missing some other parts from somebody else, you can’t make a phone. So that's all being taken into account. Again, the growth will continue into the December quarter. And so when you look at how we will execute in the second half of the calendar year, September and December combined, I think you will see some really nice strong year-over-year growth.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. And I guess maybe just drilling a finer point on broad markets. I know you don't want to break out the contribution, but maybe can you talk about would it be up on an organic basis into September?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, that's exactly the point. So our broad markets business will be up double digit sequentially, excluding any contributions from the I&A business. And when you look on a year-over-year basis, it's up strong double digits. We continue to be in that, call it, on or about 30% year-over-year growth.
Blayne Curtis: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso of Raymond James. Sir, your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. First question on broad markets, and I know that Wi-Fi is a big part of the broad markets or organic business and that's been strong on the Wi-Fi 6 ramp. I guess the question is for how long do you expect that Wi-Fi 6 ramp to continue? It has been -- Wi-Fi has been one of the segments that's benefited from work from home. But I guess we've also heard is there's also an enterprise refresh on Wi-Fi 6 that has to happen, and I guess I'm not sure on the size of those particular segments on whether that gives it enough strength, even if some of the work from home trends should subside, if that allows that Wi-Fi 6 trend to continue?
Liam Griffin: Yes, Chris, the Wi-Fi cycle in some way is almost parallel to what we're seeing in 5G. We're seeing high complexity moving into 6E, really complex stuff from consumer to enterprise. It continues to grow. We have really good technologies in this area. We have great relationships with our customers. It's kind of a ubiquitous player in terms of connectivity. So it's been a strong driver for us and the complexity in the devices continues to go up. We have really good business. Wi-Fi enhances it. But then we also have incredible opportunities when we look at the access point in routers that we're seeing today that are really scaling up significantly in terms of the performance and the data rates. And so that's continuing to move. I don't think it's really just a work from home. I think we're starting to see that become a really must-have type of technology. So that's been a play for us. Other areas in broad markets continue to grow. We're doing really good work on the infrastructure space. We got customers like Honeywell in the industrial area. The wireless infrastructure side with names like Nokia and Ericsson are stepping up a bit. And as Kris mentioned, you're talking about 50% year-over-year in that business. So it is a unique portfolio. It continues to grow, very diverse and also a great partner to tag with our I&A portfolio. So I think we're going to be able to bring some cross selling and new customer engagement through that process as well. So we look forward to -- the Wi-Fi as you said at the beginning is really strategic and we're very well positioned.
Chris Caso: Okay. As a follow up with some of the costs that you've been absorbing that have been a headwind to margins, particularly some of the COVID costs that some of the production facilities haven't been running quite as efficiently as you've wanted. We've seen some reports that some of the subcontractors in Southeast Asia have had to take some shutdowns again. What's your view of that? What the headwind that you're still seeing from these costs? And is there a timeframe that you could see that some of these costs would come out and therefore be a positive for gross margins?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Chris, so again we executed well on gross margin with 50.6%, up 50 basis points year-over-year, despite the fact that there are still a couple of headwinds. The COVID-19 headwind costs are still there. And I think honestly they're going to stay there for a couple more quarters. We’re working it hard. We're getting better at it. But those headwinds are still there. In addition to that, as we discussed earlier, it's a very tight supply environment. And so, again, that's not really helping us. But despite that, we are further improving our gross margins. A lot of that, of course, helps as we scale up the business. Last year, we did $3.3 billion, $3.4 billion of revenue. This year, we will be doing more than $5 billion of revenue. So we are able to mitigate some of those headwinds. And as I said before, we keep on climbing the technology ladder, right, higher complexity, higher performance, more 5G, more Wi-Fi 6 and 6E. And then in addition, you have the I&A business at higher margin. So you combine all of that, you will see continue further gross margin improvements. Once some of those headwinds will start turning and become tailwinds, we will make further improvements towards our target model of 53%.
Chris Caso: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thank you so much for taking the question. I've got two as well. My first one is on broad markets. In the June quarter, it grew really nicely on a year-over-year basis. I think you said 50%. On a sequential basis, I think it was down about 10, which was a little bit below what you guys had guided to. So just curious what the delta there was with some of the puts and takes? And then on the flipside, obviously you're guiding that business up double digits in September. So if you can kind of speak to the drivers in September within broad markets, that would be super helpful?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. First of all, we went up 50% year-over-year in broad markets in June. So I would say great execution. Maybe it was slightly below what we anticipated. And some of that, to be honest, is supply because the demand is a lot stronger there but we weren't supplying. And as Liam pointed out, we had some minor bumps. And so that's part of it. Again, we continue to see strong growth into September, guiding up sequentially double digits, continue to see very strong year-over-year growth across all those end markets.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as a quick follow up, I wanted to ask about cash usage going forward. Congrats on closing SLAB. You talked about raising the dividend as well. So that's pretty clear. Between CapEx and perhaps deleveraging the balance sheet and buybacks, how should we think about the balance going forward? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. In terms of cash and cash usage and cash allocation, I would say, first of all, we will continue to invest in technology and innovation with our research and development activities. That is key to what Skyworks is doing. Secondly, we will also continue to further expand our manufacturing assets in Gallium Arsenide, in filter, advanced packaging, and so we will continue to contribute substantial amounts of CapEx to further expand our reach and expand our manufacturing assets. Despite all of that, we will continue to deliver strong free cash flow. We have a free cash flow target of 30%. We'll continue to make further improvements towards that target. And the free cash flow will be used first of all to pay the dividend. And we just announced a 12% increase in dividend now at $0.56, and there is further room for improvement there. Secondly, we will focus on repaying the debt. We have 2.5 billion of debt on the balance sheet as of today, including 1 billion term loan. We are going to focus on repaying that term loan. We do have an authorized share buyback program, but we have temporarily suspended that, as we for now focus on repaying that term loan. But at a certain point in time, we can, of course, switch that back on.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for the details.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra of Baird. Sir, your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good afternoon. I just wanted to expand a little bit on a prior question about RF content in next generation 5G phones. That increase in the first gen 5G phone was probably in the 30% range year-over-year. You even mentioned things like C-band that's going to continue to drive content increases. But how should we look at that in second gen 5G phones this year? Wouldn't be the increase down to maybe high-single digit year-over-year in terms of content? And then the follow-up question is in China. You did mention opportunities in China. But the adoption rate for 5G phones there is almost 80%. So are you expecting to gain market share, or is it that the second gen 5G phones in China are going to use much more RF content than the first generation, because clearly the adoption rate is up there already?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Let me try and unpack that question here. Well, first of all, what I would say is there's tiers of 5G in China. So you have a 5G phone that has a certain level of complexity. But you could have another 5G phone that has much higher complexity and performance. And we can scale through all of those nodes. So the penetration may be still relatively high. There's still a tremendous amount of 5G phones in China that need another click in performance to really move. And we know that, because we see the entire market. We see the market from end-to-end from the U.S. to Europe to Asia. And so there's a lot of opportunity for content gains from the current position in China. If you look at other markets, we're seeing the same push for technology higher performing. We're seeing more features or applications and a higher burden that's put on these smartphones in 5G. And that's all good stuff for us. It gives us the opportunity to come in with our solutions all the way from TC-SAW, bulk acoustic wave, assembly and test, packaging in-house [indiscernible]. So we're really excited about it. So we do see continuous growth and continuous growth in content, but the content is getting harder. It's not more things. It's more complex things. And so you need to have an architect that can bring this together and make it easier for our customers to assimilate. That's what we do. So every year, it's not just phone to phone. The technology, the complexity within the device is rising. And that for us is very, very good. And it limits the competition, and it puts us in a great position to delight the customer. So we look forward to that. And overall, 5G penetration at a high level is still very low right now. There's a lot of room to move from here. And there's a lot of upgrades that haven't yet commenced. So we're looking forward to it. But the technology is not stagnant. It continues to get tougher and tougher, higher bar and opportunities for just a few players like Skyworks to execute.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Kevin Cassidy of Rosenblatt Securities. Sir, your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to understand a little more about your order visibility. Are you getting orders that are -- do they have to be scheduled now into the fourth quarter or even going out to the fourth quarter calendar quarter, that would be -- or the first quarter of calendar 2022?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Well, in general terms, the ability to get that demand through has been impeded, right, as we discussed through the call today. I would say that Skyworks uniquely with our own fabs, our own assembly and tasks and assets, we're a manufacturer as well as a developer of technology. So we should be able to do better than peers that are more fabless. But at the same time, we're all dealing with this global chip shortage as we say. And so that is an impediment to demand. We talked a bit about that and hopefully that can be unstuck to some level, but we are working with our customers closely. We're doing a -- our teams are working very hard to resolve any impediments in demand execution, and we certainly think that it will abate over time, but it does play through in the current quarter and into the second half a bit.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. And just to make sure I understand that. So if your customer isn’t getting the full bill of material, they're asking you to hold up deliveries? They're not building inventory of your product, waiting for other products.
Liam Griffin: Yes, somewhat that's true. It just depends on how it's going. Sometimes all parts are ready. And we're not holding anybody up but someone else is holding us up, right. So it's kind of a -- everything has to be complete for an end product to ship. So anything in the food chain that goes sour, it can be an impediment. But I think we'll navigate our part. And we do see some – the clouds kind of cleared here in the next couple of few quarters, and we should benefit from that.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments. Sir, please go ahead.
Liam Griffin: Thanks everyone for participating today. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming conferences in the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2021 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome everyone. Skyworks delivered another record quarter with strong year-over-year growth in revenue, margins and earnings per share for Q2. We continue to leverage our expansive technology reach and deep customer engagements, spanning both mobile and broad markets to capture the exploding demand for connectivity. And with our planned acquisition of the infrastructure and automotive business of Silicon Labs, we expect to accelerate that momentum further. Here are few highlights in the quarter. We delivered revenue of $1.17 billion, 53% percent above Q2 of last year. Our broad markets portfolio generated record revenue of $385 million, 67% growth over the same period last year. We posted a new Q2 record for earnings per share of $2.37, representing a year-over-year increase of 77% and demonstrating strong operating leverage. Importantly, we drove $616 million in operating cash flow, a new quarterly record for the company. Looking ahead, the technology bar has never been higher as billions of daily interactions move online spanning a growing set of used cases from remote work, virtual education, touchless commerce, cognitive audio, machine-to-machine communication, and autonomous transport. These advances rely on radical upgrades in speed, latency and reliability with comparable requirements for power efficiency and smaller form factors. For nearly two decades Skyworks has prepared for this opportunity, investing in innovative technologies, human capital and manufacturing infrastructure positioning us to capital on the secular global transition. Notably, our strong cash generation fortifies our ability to fund deep investments in technology, fabs and manufacturing, scale. Further our proven and flexible model is squarely aligned with the complex demands of our customers. Our demonstrated operational expertise allowed us to drive yet another strong quarter of design win execution. In mobile, we expanded the reach of our Sky5 portfolio across premium and mid-tier 5G smartphone launches at Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and other leading OEMs. In the IoT space, we secured wins across a diverse set of customers, specifically we partnered with Netgear to deploy WiFi 6 and 6E routers, launch WiFi 6 gateways at Deutsche Telekom, Nokia and Altice, ship home security solutions to Xfinity, capture design wins with Google Nest, and we delivered low latency cognitive audio systems powering wireless gaming headsets at Microsoft and Sony. Moving to the industrial space; we delivered IoT modules to QuickTal and Gemalto, and in infrastructure we leveraged our wireless portfolio to deploy MIMO base stations with Nokia and Ericsson. And finally in automotive, we ramped Telematics and driver assist platforms with Volkswagen, LG and GM OnStar. Moving forward, we see a multi-year technologically - technology evolution with our aperture widening from smartphones, industrial to automotive to an expanding set of IoT devices. Today we support a global network that extends to over 20 billion interconnected devices spunning a new class of ecosystems from autonomous transport to smart cities and robotics. Skyworks is fueling this dramatic shift with our unique capabilities; integrating not only 5G but other critical protocols including high performance WiFi, Bluetooth and precision GPS. Finally Skyworks is well positioned to win with deep customer relationships established over 20 years, experience across multiple technology transitions, a technically seasoned and talented workforce, and an efficient cash flow engine that funds a pipeline of market-leading solutions while providing strong returns to our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for discussion of Q2 and our outlook for Q3.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam Skyworks posted another quarter of strong financial results delivering record Q2 revenue of $1.172 billion, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. Total revenue grew 53% year-over-year based on early 5G adoption as well as strong demand for our broad market solutions. Mobile revenue grew 47% year-over-year, largely driven by widespread content increases as 5G phones are ramping across smartphone OEMs worldwide. Broad markets revenue grew further in Q2 to an all-time record of $385 million; this reflects revenue growth of 67% over Q2 of last year, benefiting from a diverse set of used cases, including the adoption of technologies such as WiFi 6 and 6E, 5G wireless infrastructure, and automotive along with the continued positive momentum in our audio solutions business. Gross profit in the quarter was $595 million resulting in a gross margin of 50.8%, up 60 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $155 million or 13.2% of revenue demonstrating spending discipline while continuing our strategic investments to drive growth. We generated $440 million of operating income translating into an operating margin of 37.6%, a 510 basis points improvement over Q2 of last year. Other income was $1 million, and our effective tax rate was 10.5% resulting in net income of $395 million or a net income margin of 33.7%. Execution on both, gross and operating margins, drove record Q2 diluted earnings per share of $2.37 beating the guidance by $0.03 and an increase of 77% when compared to fiscal Q2 of 2020. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Second fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $616 million, a quarterly record for Skyworks. Capital expenditures were $141 million resulting in a record $475 million of free cash flow translating into a strong free cash flow margin of 41%. We paid $83 million in dividends, and given the recently announced acquisition of the infrastructure and automotive business of Silicon Labs, which we expect to close in the September quarter, we have temporarily suspended our share repurchase program. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q3 of fiscal 2021. Based on robust demand for connectivity solutions in mobile and broad markets, we expect continued momentum and year-over-year growth in the June quarter. Specifically, in the third fiscal quarter of 2021, we anticipate revenue to be between $1.075 billion and $1.125 billion. We have non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.13 at the midpoint of our revenue range; this translates into year-over-year revenue growth of 49% at the midpoint of the revenue range, and year-over-year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth of 70%. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 50.25% to 50.75%. We expect operating expenses to be between $159 million and $161 million. Below the line we anticipate roughly $1.5 million in other income and a tax rate of approximately 10.5%. We expect, our diluted share count to be approximately $167 million shares. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks is on track to deliver record results for fiscal 2021 clearly demonstrating the value of our technologies as we address an increasingly broader landscape of impactful customers and applications. Further the pending acquisition of the INA business fits squarely with our strategic priorities. To expand our market reach accelerate revenue diversification and drive industry leading profitability and cash flow. In parallel Skyworks is solidifying its global leadership, technology breadth and vast operational scale powering the connected experience in Mobile, Industrial, Automotive, Enterprise and other emerging application. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator we can open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you, gentlemen. If I could, one of your RF peers who report last evening spoke about new content wins across the Android supply chain with its integrated modem, and as a result, I think some investors have concluded what's good for them is perhaps bad for you in terms of your opportunity in certain areas of the RF supply chain. And so I know you're probably limited in discussing specific OEM wins, but I was hoping you could discuss your conviction in RF content gains across the mobile market that would be helpful as we think about your, the growth trajectory beyond the June quarter? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Good question. Well, we are very bullish about our outlook in RF and other elements in our portfolio; you can see the results that we just reported a very, very strong, substantial double-digit returns and compares across the space. We have an incredible view going forward; we have a rich set of technologies that we continue to grow. We're expanding the aperture of the componentry that we put in, with these devices, we're leveraging our integrated solution Sky 5 that brings in filtering, bulk acoustic wave, core gallium arsenide and other elements to provide a turnkey solution for our customers and we've been doing this for years. This is not new. What is new is the outlook that we have and we start to see 5G really pick up the complexities in 5G and having a fill a full system solution. As we have at Skyworks to put our customers in place to win. So we feel really good about it. We always have competition there is no change there at all. But if you look at how we play and how we work with our customers and the technologies that we deliver in the ways that our customers want to consume it, it's a recipe that works.
Karl Ackerman: Appreciate that. If I may, in broad markets very, very strong results, although result is strong and the, also in the room is about sustainability and some SMEs across the supply chain. I've spoken about some modest inventory restocking at non-distribution channels addressing consumer electronics. And so, perhaps you could discuss your lead times here and what proactive measures you may be taking that could limit any double ordering for your WiFi [ph] solutions. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. We have a very close look at the pipeline and the supply chain. Of course. So one of the things that I'm sure you know about Skyworks is that we're vertically integrated. So we're building product in our own factory we're customizing in our own factory from filter to gallium arsenide to packaging and test all of that is done in-house. So there's two things that are, number one, it mitigates substantially mitigate some of the risks that we're seeing with the overall chip supply chain constraints there still some but we going to fare much better than others, but on the other end, we are very close to our customers and the channel, we try to keep that as lean as possible, so we get the real demand a natural demand and that's the way we want it. The diversity in broad markets though is a theme that we should think about here, because we really are expanding the aperture, it's multiple technologies, whether it's WiFi or WiFi 6 or Bluetooth or GPS. But then there is a broadening set of customers that have stepped up and joined the Skyworks design win team. So there's a lot of diversity within the broad market portfolio, but there's also a lot of technology differentiation that allows us to gain share and we're looking forward to continuing to put up above market results in that category.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask on gross margins. And then as part of that, if I know you are catching up in March after a very strong December, particularly one customer. So maybe related, but kind of two parts there just how are you in the process of catching up and if you just comment on the gross margin, it is down a bit in June obviously revenues are 50% been kind of 50 and change range for a while what's the drivers of the margin to be down in June?
Liam Griffin: Yes Blayne. I'll start with the gross margin question, first of all, I was pleased with our actual result at 58.8 in fiscal Q2 up 60 basis points on a year-over-year despite a somewhat challenging and tight supply chain environment, as you well aware. We are guiding here 50.5 at the midpoint for fiscal Q3, which is up 40 basis points year-over-year is slightly down from Q2 on slightly lower revenue as we are going into our slowest seasonal quarter of the year, but we do of course expect further gross margin improvement in the second half of the year as we start ramping as we usually do in the September and the December quarter.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And then maybe just the first part of the question just catching up on the customers if any additional color as to how you are in that process into June?
Liam Griffin: Yes, no, I mean this is an environment where there is very strong demand across the board and as we pointed out, you as well. We've done really well meeting that demand despite the tight supply environment. We control that through our own factories, we've been putting in a lot of capacity proactively because we knew that is big strong cycle with 50% year-over-year growth was coming towards us as we are moving into 5G and so we've been executing well we do buy some stuff from third parties and that's a little bit tight. But given the size and scale that Skyworks have and a strong team that we have, we've been executing pretty well there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Your first question is regard to the China OEM business, could you describe what's going on there. We heard MediaTek report earlier this week. It's a really strong first half their guidance seems to suggest some flattening out into the second half. How is that going for your business?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Chris. Well, obviously the off the China market is very important to the overall ecosystem and we are doing very well in that space, again players like Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and then MediaTek a whole another angle, which we've been working with MediaTek for years, a very strong baseband provider and we have unique technologies that wrap around their core baseband and we've been doing that for quite a while. So we still feel very good about China. It is lifted off first in the 5G landscape of course there's a tremendous amount of opportunity between now and the next four or five years and more as we populate and drive subscriptions in 5G but with the MediaTek side we gaining market share at MediaTek and their platform is getting stronger, it's more powerful, more potent and it is one of the leading platforms when we look at APAC and again populating some of these brands and also hitting some new markets as well. So the MediaTek relationship we have is outstanding. It's a technically driven relationship. We know the company, we've been working with them for years and those solutions often portfolio out and the Android ecosystem with the names that we mentioned the OVX et cetera. So we've got a very good handle on that and the other thing, Chris here is that these customers really like the fact that we grow our own technologies develop our own packaging and test can get very, very flexible, can integrate in a Sky5 solution that makes it very easy for them to go to market. So there are some unique elements in the Skyworks strategy that go beyond just kind of the parts. Right. So that's always been a key play for us and players like MediaTek that's an ideal solution for them.
Chris Caso: Thank you. As a follow up question is on OpEx and it's a moderately on a year-on-year basis, but obviously up a lot less than the revenue growth rate and not necessarily talking for the short term, but over the next couple of years, what's the plan and OpEx do you invest some of the cash flow that you're getting now from the substantially higher rate is this OpEx level that you're at right now sufficient enough to kind of drive the sort of growth that you guys want to see?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris, I mean we've been talking about that a lot. We will continue to invest in our business and we are a technology leader. We want to continue to expand our reach into that very rich ecosystem and we are not hesitating down. So at the flip side, of course, we are very efficient in how we do it and what we do. Our total OpEx is running on or about 13% to revenue, that's an area zip code, where we want to keep it. Obviously, there are, if you look at it during the year. There are seasonal swings as the revenue goes up and down, but longer term, and that's somewhat like 13% to revenue, that's a good place to be.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And I'll just to add to that. Remember the leverage that we have in our business and we are a company that we're driving the broad market portfolio with big dollars in a mobile portfolio. So our business is very much focused on that execution and our design teams know how to develop products that have an incredible market reach. So that's the thesis behind that and certainly we're funding R&D to the level it needs to be funded. We know exactly where we're headed there and we're investing in aggressively technology investments in our fabs, in our packaging houses and really just the platform that we have in Sky5 as we move forward. So all that kind of we used together and you get leverage because these are really strong markets that have a pretty potent unit our curve on them as well. So it - part of the strategy is to really drive a solution that can then spin off derivatives, but still have that same core. So that's a unique element Skyworks and, as Kris said having your own fab, having your own manufacturing, assembly and test all of that under multiple groups, but our own makes a big difference for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. At a multi-part question to start out with. I think when you started the fiscal year, you had pretty optimistic view on your mobile related to revenue tied to the non-iOS community. And my question to you is, are you at a point in the year now that we're in somewhat of a law that you're able to service those Android Smartphone customers to the fourth extent or are you really are perhaps been over extended by you're trying to service your largest customer?
Liam Griffin: Yes, that's a great question and I'll tell you this, the Android ecosystem right now is really strong and we're putting up excellent numbers in that part of the part of the landscape. So there is no law, there were some supply chain hiccup here and there, but we're still executing to a very aggressive path. We've got the demand, we have the technology that's needed and we're doing that with, in parallel with great outcomes with our largest customer. So that's definitely moving in the right direction, and it's for the reasons we talked about, we have a great 5G multi-year. And I mean really multiyear opportunity here for us and others. And we have a technology curve that we talked about in the prepared remarks stuff is getting, this is really challenging stuff now and companies that have invested in R&D and invested in their fabs and work closely with their customers are going to be the winners. And we're going to be at the top of that list. So we feel really good about that and it's absolutely our mission to deliver across all the different segments and mobility.
Gary Mobley: I appreciate the color, Liam and as my follow-up. And I don't want to nitpick here, you guys have been producing is great results, but you had a higher mix of broad markets revenue in the March quarter. And I think it was pretty substantial mix upside for that particular business unit and so my question is why were you guys not able to deliver more upside to the gross margin, just given that higher than expected mix of broad markets?
Liam Griffin: Yes, so the broad market mix in the quarter came in line with expectations, so there was no surprise there. I mean, we did $22 million or better than what we guided, but that was somewhat across our full revenue portfolio. So there was no change there. And again, from a gross margin we were up 60 basis points year-over-year despite a challenging supply chain environment. There are some increased input costs that needs to be absorbed and despite all of that. We continue to demonstrate year-over-year gross margin improvements.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you, Kris. On the margin front, when should we expect the input cost increases that resulted due to COVID and then I have a follow-up after that?
Kris Sennesael: I mean there are already input costs. Right. This is not new. The tightness in the supply chain has been there now for several months and so it's there, of course, again we're working at really hard. We have long-term relationships with our suppliers, we have the size and scale there as well and again the team is working at really hard. And I think we'll definitely see some improvements there, going into the second half of the calendar year.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. And with respect to second half calendar year Liam, maybe a question for you. There is no such thing as normal seasonality but given everything that's going on the supply chain. What's the best way you could describe for us to in terms of expectations for the second half calendar year that we should expect versus what a normal seasonal year would be?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, sure. I mean we absolutely expect to grow in the second half. All there's a lot of opportunity out there is still very early in 5G. The broad market trend that we put out what really matters there, I can't show this to you in the conference call but if you saw the breadth of customers the breadth of customers. Number one, really, really stepped up and then the diversity of the technologies that those customers consumed was also a really incredible opportunity for us and to be realized. So that's the important thing. And then you go to the strength in mobility, which will come in the second half. We know what we've won, there were a lot of really difficult challenging opportunities that we've been able to win and that should be apparent here in the second half. So there is some stuff happening right now that we're not going to cover a couple of the ball off and broad markets while diversity with customers, diversity in the technologies we bring. And then in core mobility or the second half of the year, we think will be strong and we know what we want to, we know what we've consummated in the key designs and it's all good on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks a lot. Kris, I think your largest customer last quarter you said was 70% of revenue. Obviously, it was down this quarter, but can you give us a sense of maybe how large it was in March?
Kris Sennesael: The largest customer, it was approximately 50% of total revenue.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, awesome. Thank you much. And then I guess a question on what's assumed in the mix for the June guidance typically broad markets is sort of, I mean there is not really that strong seasonality in broad markets but usually it's up about 10% sequentially in June is that about the right assumption for broad markets, and we can vet out mobile to get the mix review.
Kris Sennesael: Also on total company we guided June, down 6%. And so when you look at mobile and broad markets, broad markets is going to be flat to slightly down. And of course, on the flip side, you have the mobile business.
Timothy Arcuri: Yes. And you have a year-over-year number that is 60% year-over-year in Q3.
Kris Sennesael: All right. So total business is up 49% to 50% on or about and saw broad markets, there continues to do really well more than 50% closer to 60% on a year-over-year basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys. Sticking to that theme of broad markets. Could you maybe help us understand where that strength that you saw that incremental spend in broad markets where did it come from. I know you mentioned it was broad, there was a leaning towards any one particular technology or end market?
Liam Griffin: Yes, it was quite diverse harsh. But I would say unique strength and higher end WiFi, WiFi 6 and 6E a lot of connected home applications that we consummated. Wireless infrastructure has picked up a bit, Nokia and Ericsson we mentioned them in the prepared remarks and starting to do a little bit more with automotive as well. So it was a great quarter and broad markets, it's the type of output that we're capable of doing, consistently growing consistently, as I said earlier in the call, the diversity of the customers was really unique from our more and more companies that had not been customers of Skyworks are now customers of Skyworks and we love to see that and once we establish a beachhead with some of these players, we can do a lot more. So names you heard today names like Microsoft the names like Sony or names like GM and OnStar and moving into industrial markets. That's all coming together in the nice thing is it's using the kind of the needs, and we need the technology that we have and we have it ready for them. So, it's is in the case where we have to spin up something unique by and large, the technologies that we have now are ready to go. So we're able to deliver those solutions in WiFi, deliver those solutions in the cellular format whether it's 5G or otherwise. We have the technology protocols to address what the customers want, and we'll continue to do that. And I think some of the impacts that we've seen with the COVID crisis is that the ability to be flexible and adapt, and we've seen this usage case change where we have customers that were not interested in some of the things that we did or didn't have a need for, and now mobility and connectivity has become paramount in critical and essential and that's driving our business in ways that we really didn't anticipate. But we understand that deeply, and as we move forward, we're going to continue to develop those customers and bring the best technologies we can to each and every one of their own applications.
Harsh Kumar: Liam, I wanted to - that was very helpful by the way. I wanted to switch to mobile and ask a longer-term type question. Since as long as I've covered you guys for the entire 4G cycle, content increases were somewhere in the - call it 7% to 10% range, consistent and on that was always the case. How do you see that cadence for 5G? There is a lot more band, there is a lot of stuff going on, there is - different frequency is being added; Spectrum, C-Band, etcetera. Is that number a number that is likely to go - is - the content add number on a yearly basis; is that a number that's likely to creep up because of all that 5G brings?
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely, it's really necessary. So if you just think about at a high level, even the backward compatibility of the mobile function and you still have 4G running completely, and sometimes even 3G; so you have elements of 3G, then 4G, and then you have 5G. We're also extending the spectrum; more typically, if you looked at a 3G or 4G phone, you're somewhere between 700 meg to 1 gig. Now we go from 1 gig to 6 gig and even higher; so there is new spectrum in the 5G world, there is new challenges, there is new technologies that need to be brought to bear, and then the ability to integrate in a fungible assets to be delivering that as a complete system that our customers can assimilate that is really special. And we do that and that's back to the comments that Kris and I made about having our own technology, having our own factories, having unique packaging assembly and test to really customize a full solution. And the complexity is going up substantially, and the complexity is what drives the content gains.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. Just going back to broad markets, I know for parts of that business you've been supply chain constrained. Are you catching up or there is still pockets in terms of where you're trying to kind of catch up to demand in broad markets?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Craig. That is one area that we are - we're getting there but there is still some catch-up work to be done. Broad market is more diverse, it's a set of customers that is 10 times broader than what we have in mobile; so to design specifically each one of those applications is a great opportunity we're pursuing, but there have been a few bumps in supply chain. As Kris mentioned, we are faring better than most because we do have our own fabs, we have our own assembly and test, we can control our destiny for the most part. But there is still are a few wrinkles in supply chain that are being ironed [ph] out, and it does have a slight headwind on GM and cost as you - there could be some lack of price reductions with some of our suppliers, there is logistics issues with Next Flight Out and things like that. So there is a couple of things that pop in that create a bit of a headwind, but the broad markets business will continue to move and I think we'll certainly see these supply chain hiccups get ironed out very quickly.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then just as a follow-up Liam, any update on some of the bar design activity that you're seeing?
Liam Griffin: Yes, the bar designs are doing great. You could see in the current lineup of phones today across multiple customers. Our Sky5 solution is bringing in more and more bulk acoustic wave, there is also some bulk acoustic wave technologies in some of the WiFi engines that we have. And as we start to look out into the second half of the year, you should expect more content underpinned by our own organic fab systems as we move forward. So we feel really good about it, we've also made the investments in our fab technology to deliver that - to deliver those solutions, so there is lot of good work that's been done and we're going to be able to reap the rewards of that as we go forward into the second half and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy from Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you. I was just wondering if you had some visibility into infrastructure deployments, maybe as you go out into the second half of the year? In particular, maybe the C-band. Is that deployments in the antennas coming in the second half?
Liam Griffin: Yes, that's a great question. Couple of things. So first of all, infrastructure had been lagging a bit in this whole mobility ecosystem and specifically in 5G. So as we mentioned in the call, we are starting to see more energy and rollouts with some of the key players in Europe; the Nokia's and the Ericsson specifically. We have great technology there with my MIMO solution, small cell solutions, a lot of the core recipes that we need in gallium arsenide and other places; so we feel really good about it. It's been slow but it's starting to pick up, and it's necessary as you move into 5G; it's necessary as we build out that spectrum. And then as you mentioned, the C-band option is great now because that money has been spent and the carriers want to deploy more and more - they basically want to leverage that technology as quickly as possible. So the infrastructure is going to pop up a little bit there, and it also could add content opportunities to core mobile device. So you have a two-pronged approach there with the infrastructure side and we have positions there. And then of course, when we look at C-band and unique spectrum there, there's going to be devices that will need to be navigating and populating that spectrum within the handset; so that's something that's starting - it's been happening but there is definitely lots of room to move on that end.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thank you for that answer. And just your CapEx spending, can you say is there anything new in what you're spending it on or is it mostly just capacity expansion?
Kris Sennesael: Our CapEx, there is two main drivers there; of course, one is just expanding the capacity as the business is growing at 50% year-over-year right now, and so we definitely to support that. But in addition to that, there is a big part of the CapEx that is technology-related making the investments in our gallium arsenide power amplifier fabs, making the investments in our filter operation TC SAW [ph], and as Liam talked about the bulk acoustic wave, also in our backend operation with more complex higher performance packaging technologies. And so that is really driving a differentiated product offering, that's why we win in the marketplace but we have to support that, of course, we are putting up the CapEx dollars in our own fabs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harrison Barrett from Arete Research. Your line is open.
Harrison Barrett: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Could we get some color on your share into the China OEMs? Is there an RF product area where you're seeing particular traction or are you tending to see a broad mix across your addressable content?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean the demands in APAC have been very solid, very strong and oftentimes, we have customers that were 3G, 4G and the lift into 5G is actually quite substantial. Some of the comments I just made with the last caller; there is unique technologies that are required in 5G that we're not in a 4G phone; so we're seeing a lot of that pickup. So beachheads with accounts were in that have been strong in 3G and 4G now need to augment and extend their content to be a player in 5G; so we're starting to see that happening, it's been building up. China has a long way to go to really match some of the premium brands that we see in in the US and some other countries, but there's a lot of opportunity to grow that technology and grow the business there. It's also a market that really does value connectivity and mobility, it's a core and essential element within that marketplace and in that region, and we differentiate with our ability to offer that complete Sky5 solution, and really remove some of the complexity that our customers may have when they're launching new technologies.
Harrison Barrett: Great. And then, sort of continuing on that theme. There was a lot of commentary about millimeter wave traction in Asia, I think China particularly, from one of your competitors yesterday. Do you have any updates on your millimeter wave roadmap?
Liam Griffin: Yes. We're working on millimeter wave but it is really kind of a narrow slice within the mobility architecture right now. So we've got some work to do on the infrastructure side but we know how to do that, and we've got some investments in the handheld side as well to augment; so we're continuing to drive that. But at the same time in the core RF, let's say 1 gig to 6 gig, the opportunities continue to move and the spectrum needed continues to be more and more complex, the C-Band option that was just mentioned is a big driver. And it's really - that's a technology that you take anywhere; the challenge with millimeter wave is that you have substantial current consumption needs, you have a physical size that is - there is a challenge in a mobile phone. And then you have point to point interference; so it's a technology that could have use in certain environments, walk going into stadiums or campus environments, unimpeded, of course. It works but if you look at what we can do in 5G to A with the solutions that we have today and the spectrum that we have today, it's incredible; the speed, the performance, the latency, and the ability to roam and expand that signal anywhere unimpeded. So it's going to be a challenge, but look at anything else, I mean there is layers in the cake, right. There is - you have your low-band, your mid-band, your high-band, you could have a unique spot at the top that delivers a millimeter wave cycle. So it's all there, we understand it. We know how to navigate through it and we know how to work with our customers to ensure that they get the best solution.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Raji Gill from Needham and Company. Your line is open. Again, Raji Gill, your line is open.
Raji Gill: Yes. Great, Chris. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could discuss the linearity in the quarter. I think last quarter it started a little bit slower and then accelerated significantly. Wondering how that's shaped up this quarter. And wondering if you, if there is any signs of pull-ins during the quarter?
Liam Griffin: So let me first talk about the March quarter. The linearity was just perfect, it was evenly spread amongst the three months within the quarter and of course now in June, we are going through our slowest seasonal quarter. So somewhere in the middle of the quarter you hit the bottom and then you start ramping up, ramping up towards the second half of the calendar year where we're, again we're very bullish about the opportunity there to produce strong sequential growth into September and December.
Raji Gill: And Liam, you mentioned you're integrated modular approach particularly giving you an advantage. I'm wondering how you would characterize the RF content gains this year versus; say, last year, what kind of the first initial rollout of the 5G phones. Is this integrated modular approach providing kind of more tailwinds in terms of RF content, particularly in kind of the mid-range of the market in China. Any color there in terms of how you're leveraging the integrated approach to either a gain share or increase RF content? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes, thank you. Great question. Yes, this is exactly why we developed our Sky5 solution. We know how hard it is to deliver a 5G socket with all the bells and whistles that can handle spectrum across the board. I'll handle the complexity of roaming the size constraints, the current consumption. It's really hard. So we spent a great deal of time creating a solution that makes it very easy for our customers to go to market. Although the hard work underneath within the Skyworks cover discovery module is not easy. So we have the ability to deliver the filtering technology that we use all the way from [indiscernible] to bulk acoustic wave. Our own customized gallium arsenide devices, unique assembly and test and packaging in house and wrapping that together with a lot of these players that really need that know how it's been a great, great opportunity. This is something that we have been thinking about and working on for a year. So this is a purpose-built solution. It is not something that we just turned on this year. This is something that we've been working on for quite a while but the higher the complexity that we see in the market in the handset. The better we do, and you'll see that across the board, you'll see that with launches this year, you'll see that with phones that are out there now and the complexity continues to rise. That drives content and the consumer demand for the technology around mobility just continues to grow. So it's a great market to be in, but there are a lot of problems to be solved and that's what really gets us excited and puts us in a position to outperform.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming conferences, during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' first fiscal quarter 2021 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our Company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered record quarterly results in the first fiscal quarter of 2021, leveraging our expansive technology reach and deep customer engagements, spanning both mobile and broad markets. We established new quarterly records for revenue, operating margin and earnings per share, demonstrating both the power of our financial model and unique opportunity to lead the global transition to more advanced wireless communications. Now, looking at the quarter in more detail. We delivered revenue of $1.51 billion, more than $455 million above the midpoint of our guidance. We posted earnings per share of $3.36, exceeding our guidance by $1.30, effectively doubling year-over-year earnings. We achieved gross margin of 51.1% and record operating margin of 41.2%. And we generated strong operating cash flow, totaling $485 million in the quarter. As our results demonstrate, the demand for always-on connectivity is accelerating and extending into new applications, including telemedicine, high speed video conferencing, remote learning, autonomous transport, essential services for the infrastructure markets, store-to-door delivery, and touchless commerce. This is a global phenomenon, where upgrades of key technologies are increasingly critical in the face of the ongoing pandemic. The investments we've made over the last two decades have prepared Skyworks to address these challenges. The mobile and wireless ecosystems will benefit from these dynamics, yet outsized gains will largely accrue to those companies that have invested deeply in core technology and scale. These gains are being driven by both, a growing device count and an expanding content per device, in some cases, doubling or even tripling for Skyworks. We are proud to play an instrumental role in shaping the fast-evolving landscape, collaborating with our partners and customers, leveraging key technologies from TC-SAW to high-performance BAW filtering, SOI, gallium arsenide, and state-of-the-art packaging technologies. Our strong results in Q1 demonstrate our execution around these themes. Specifically in mobile, we accelerated the ramp of our Sky5 portfolio, supporting the next wave of 5G launches at Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and other Tier 1s. In IoT, we captured design wins across a diversified array of new and existing customers. Specifically, we partnered with ASUS, delivering the world's first Wi-Fi 6E connected home router. We shipped Wi-Fi 6 solutions for access points at top network OEMs, including Cisco, NETGEAR, CenturyLink and Aruba. We captured new wins at Google for their latest Fitbit smartwatch. And we delivered low latency cognitive audio solutions, powering wireless gaming headsets at multiple Tier 1 accounts. In industrial, we ramped Itron’s multi-standard ISM connectivity solutions for smart cities. In infrastructure, we deployed 5G amplifier and receive modules, supporting multiple European base station OEMs. And finally in automotive, we accelerated shipments of advanced connectivity solutions supporting the world's premier EV manufacturer. We leveraged V2X solutions with Volkswagen and Toyota for their enhanced safety systems, and partnered with MediaTek for 5G reference design, specifically targeted at automotive applications. Moving forward, we are seeing the confluence of multiple market developments, a significant rise in device complexity and expansion in wireless spectrum and band count combined with a technology bar that has never been higher. These trends directly translate to increased opportunity for Skyworks with both new and existing customers. With essential technologies and scale propelling performance gains across a broad set of applications, our purpose-built solutions address all key network protocols, spanning 5G, Wi-Fi enhanced UPS and Bluetooth. Additionally, we expect the current C-band auction to be a catalyst, with new spectrum creating significant content opportunities for our Sky5 platform. While smartphones were the first to embrace 5G, the performance gains will power a broad set of use cases, extending into billions of IoT devices. Looking ahead, we see 5G as a transformative technology, catalyzing new applications, while acting as the universal connector from the home to the car to the factory floor. In summary, Skyworks is solidifying market leadership as connectivity meaningfully alters the way we live, work, play and educate, not just from home, but from anywhere. Our record performance clearly reflects this dynamic. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q1 and our outlook for Q2.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks Liam. Skyworks started fiscal '21 with very strong Q1 results, delivering all-time record revenue of $1.51 billion, adding more than $550 million of incremental sequential revenue and exceeding the midpoint of the guidance for Q1 by $455 million. Revenue was up 58% sequentially, and up 69% year-over-year, driven by increasing adoption of our mobile solutions with all smartphone OEMs along with record broad market revenue and customer reach. Mobile revenue grew 80% sequentially, as well as on a year-over-year basis, largely driven by widespread content increases as 5G phones are ramping with all major smartphone brands worldwide. Broad markets revenue grew to $326 million, establishing a new quarterly record. This reflects revenue growth of 35% over Q1 of last year, benefiting from a diverse set of use cases supporting work, play, learn from anywhere, and increasing adoption of technologies such as Wi-Fi 6 and 6E along with the continuous momentum in our audio solutions business. Gross profit in the first quarter was $771 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51.1%, up 70 basis points sequentially, and up 100 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $149 million or 10% of revenue, demonstrating strong leverage in our operating model, while continuing our strategic investments in support of future growth. We generated $622 million of operating income, translating into an all-time record operating margin of 41.2%. Other income was $1 million, and our effective tax rate was 10%, resulting in net income of $560 million or a net income margin of 37.1%.  Top-line momentum and execution on both gross and operating margins drove record diluted earnings per share of $3.36, beating the guidance by $1.30. EPS grew 82% sequentially and doubled when compared to Q1 of last year. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. First fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $485 million. Capital expenditures were $119 million. We paid $83 million in dividends and we spent $196 million to repurchase 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of approximately $139 per share. Additionally, as noted in our separate press release issued today, Skyworks' Board of Directors has authorized a new $2 billion stock repurchase program. This new buyback plan reflects our Board's confidence in Skyworks' business model and in management's ability to consistently produce strong free cash flow, allowing us to leverage share repurchases and dividends to generate higher stockholder returns. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q2 of fiscal 2021. We expect the continued and rapid adoption of multiple wireless protocols and expanding use cases to drive strong year-over-year growth for Skyworks. Specifically, in the second fiscal quarter of 2021, we anticipate revenue to be between $1.125 billion and $1.175 billion, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.34 at the midpoint of our revenue range. This translates into year-over-year revenue growth of 50% at the midpoint of the revenue range, and year-over-year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth of 75%. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 50.5% to 51%. We expect operating expenses to be between $150 million and $152 million. And below the line, we anticipate roughly $1 million in other income and a tax rate of approximately 10%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 166.5 million shares. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks started the new fiscal year with record results, clearly demonstrating the breadth and depth of our business model, from Tier 1 mobile to thousands of broad market customers. Importantly, the multiyear wireless transition is now underway, creating a burgeoning set of new opportunities and use cases. With deep customer engagements, underpinned by decades of technology investments in scale, Skyworks is uniquely positioned to lead. Finally, our high levels of profitability and strong cash generation afford us the flexibility to invest and win, while generating consistent returns to our stockholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen & Company.
Karl Ackerman: Hey. Good afternoon, gentlemen. And thank you for letting me ask a question. I guess, with results and an outlook this strong, the elephant in the room is about sustainability, both in terms of revenue growth but also profitability. We know that 5G handsets will increase this year, but I would really appreciate if you could talk perhaps qualitatively of how you see that outlook for the balance of the year, as well as your view on broad markets too, given what appears to be a multitude of design ramps across your Wi-Fi 6 portfolio. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure, absolutely. Well, a couple of things. The 5G cycle really is just beginning, and that's clear. And I think, if you listen to Skyworks and what we've been saying, it's all about complexity, it's all about content gains, and the culmination of those coming together with a tremendous unit launch in 5G. And again, very early in 5G. The estimates for unit uptake at 5G, if you think about 2020, maybe there were 200 million, 220 million phones. Those numbers are going to be more than double going into '21, and they'll continue to move. You've got almost 7 billion subscribers on the planet, and the percentage that own a 5G phone are very, very low. So there's a tremendous upside there in our core business in mobile, and also advanced by great technology execution with our team. So, that's one big driver. The second driver that's been bubbling up for a while is our broad market portfolio. We had tremendous gains in our broad market portfolio, 35% year-over-year with a broad set of customers, names like Nokia, names like Honeywell, names like GE, Bosch, just an entirely new landscape of customers that we've been able to engage with. And then, we talked a lot about usage cases here in the call. Usage cases, new applications that require connectivity, whether it's Wi-Fi, whether it's Bluetooth, whether it's 5G. All of those trends are moving in the right direction for us, and they're sustainable.
Karl Ackerman: I appreciate that very much. If I could, for a follow-up, one of the baseband companies in Asia, the other day spoke about how they do not see any evidence of a build of inventory across the channel. Similarly, it's now well-known that there remains tightness across the foundry and component supply chain. My question is, how are these dynamics driving your discussions on both pricing and volume commitments to your customers? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure, great question. I think, one -- and by the way, you're right about the tightness in supply and some of the challenges operationally. And I would say that the Skyworks team did an incredible job executing in the Q1 period. And I think we'll continue to see that opportunity extend into the full year. But, I will say this. We have made the unique investments in capital and scale. We have our own 10 billion unit TC-SAW factory for customized filtering. We have bulk acoustic wave in-house. We have our own assembly and test and packaging capabilities that are unique and purpose-built for this market. So, we were able to avoid some of the real challenges in supply chain because we've built a lot of this in-house in our own factories. But, there certainly have been some bumps on the execution side throughout the landscape, the technology landscape and the connectivity landscape, but we're starting to see that clear. And fortunately, we're able to execute through that in the December quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you. Liam and Chris, I was fooled for a second. I thought I was reading a TI or ADI earnings release with that kind of operating margin. So, that's pretty solid, guys. But, let me address maybe a baby elephant that's running around, at least in our minds, which is China. So, there's been a lot of talk about overbuild in China, especially in the bots complex and how they're trying to take share from Huawei. So, maybe if you could just give us some sense, quantitatively, how big was the China business? And then, qualitatively, can you just help us understand what's going on? And then, I had a follow-up for Kris.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, we've been a key element, a key supplier for the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi ecosystem, and that continues. And we had great results with those accounts this year. There's a lot of opportunity to grow their 5G base as well, and that's something that we should be looking forward to throughout the year. And it's a multiyear cycle, of course. But again, one of the things that we continue to say here at Skyworks, and it really rings true is our ability to get in and help these customers customize and configure the complexity around 5G, leverage solutions like Sky5 that really integrate that tremendous amount of components and complexity and make it easy for the customer to go to market. So, we had some strong uptake there in the China space. We continue to see that looking good. Obviously, there you have a Chinese New Year opportunity here as we get into our new year. So, I think there's going to be some good signs of growth. But, we have a good position there today. And I think there's just more room to move on units, as we go through the year.
Ambrish Srivastava: What was the growth in China on the end Q-over-Q?
Kris Sennesael: So, our China business in the December quarter was up double digits sequentially, and of course, very, very strongly on a year-over-year basis. And of course, looking into March, we will have stronger than seasonal growth, double-digit growth, accelerating our year-over-year growth with those accounts.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. And a quick follow-up for you, Kris, since you are on the line. Just remind us on the capital allocation priorities, good to see the $2 billion buyback. But just kind of just walk us through divi, buyback and M&A. And I'm assuming M&A would mostly be in the broad markets. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. We're not changing our strategy there. We did have a $2 billion buyback program in place that had a two-year life cycle. And so, that came to an end. And so, we are replacing that program with a new $2 billion buyback program. And so, we will continue to return most of our free cash flow back to the shareholders, a combination of our dividend program and now the new $2 billion buyback program.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Thanks. I guess, the first question is, the beat was so significant, and you guided just in early November. And you typically get pretty good visibility from your biggest customers. So, I guess my first question is sort of like what drove the big beat? Was it a pull-in from your large customers? Can you just sort of double-click on what drove the beat? And then, I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes. Well, it was certainly not pull-ins. That's for sure. I mean, it was a quarter that started a little slow and really accelerated through the period, a tremendous amount of technology execution behind this on the mobile side. But again, in broad markets, we had a record 35% year-over-year. So, it's a culmination of strong 5G launches with the most important customers, within those launches, an extended reach of technology from Skyworks. The content that we're putting forth right now is significantly more advanced and more impactful than what we've had in prior years. And that comes through our own technology fabs, our own investments in R&D and then scale to make that happen. So, you had a very strong mobile opportunity. And then you had a broad market opportunity in parallel that was leveraging some of the core technology as well. But again, things like Wi-Fi moved, GPS, Bluetooth, all the connectivity protocols, the new usage cases, popped up customers that we didn't have before, emerged. So, it was a culmination of multiple factors. But those factors are sustainable. I mean, those customers that we've won are going to stay with us as we go through the next couple of quarters and years. And we look forward to more opportunity there.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Got it. And then, I guess, Kris, oftentimes, you give us what your largest customer was in terms of revenue in the quarter. I think, last December, it was in the low-60s. So, I imagine that's probably that or even higher in December. So, can you give us that number?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Revenue with the largest customer in the December quarter was approximately 70% of total revenue. Obviously, it was a great quarter with that large customer that just launched their first 5G phones, which with very rich content inside, we talked about that and we indicated that 9, 12 months ago. In addition to that, we do have some very nice and good content, and some of their other products that have large customer sells as well. But again, so great execution there, we have a large customer. But, as Liam indicated, the strength in the December quarter was not just with the large customer. All our other customers, all our other segments, every region was up double digits sequentially and strong double digits on a year-over-year basis.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And just to follow-up with Kris. I think, it is important to note that the growth with our large customer is also accelerating in their new application. So, it is not all just about smartphones, a lot of other opportunities there that require the connectivity protocols that we bring to market, which is really great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. And just truly amazing results. Maybe you can just help us a little bit with March, obviously, your large customer, that very high numbers should have some seasonality. Curious your outlook maybe between mobile and broad market, do you expect broad markets to -- I guess, typically, it would be down, but within that outlook for March, do you expect it to be up?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. No, absolutely. So, the guide that we provided for March has some seasonality with the large customer, as you can expect. But, if you look at the revenue in mobile outside of a large customer, as well as the revenue in growth markets, it will be up double digits sequentially, which is actually stronger than normal seasonality, a lot stronger than normal seasonality. And it further accelerates our year-over-year revenue growth with all those accounts, the Korean, the Chinese as well as thousands of broad market customers.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. And then, I want to ask you also, I guess, within broad markets but it has a mobile play as well. On Wi-Fi 6E, Samsung launch a phone without, I'm assuming you'll see another mobile customer with that. And then, I guess, at some point, you'll see access points. Can you just talk about the content driver for you for Wi-Fi 6E?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes. I mean, we are seeing that roll out now very quickly. A lot of great design wins with key customers today now. And so, I mean, there's a technology pop there, Blayne, when you look at the Wi-Fi 6E product, there's even bulk acoustic wave opportunity within those systems. And the data rates and speed are demonstrably more powerful. You could see that in your Zoom calls or whatever. So, Wi-Fi 6E is a big driver for us as is Wi-Fi 6. And that's one of the things to think about with Skyworks. It's really about connectivity. Connectivity can be 5G, connectivity can be Wi-Fi 6, Wi-Fi 6E, can be Bluetooth, all those protocols are there, but Wi-Fi 6 and 6E are meaningful, and they are really now the product of choice in the work-at-home, work-from-anywhere dynamic. And I think that's an opportunity for continued gains for us, and with content and also with adding additional customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy from Rosenblatt.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for taking my questions. And I'll add to the congratulations on the stunning quarter. For your outlook, is there any capacity constraints in your own manufacturing, or is -- you brought inventory down, is there -- is that a constrained number?
Liam Griffin: No. I think, right now, we are in good shape from a capacity point of view. In fact, I think, we've been able to broaden the aperture a little bit on execution and drive more technologies through our own fabs. So, we should be in good shape. I mean, obviously, the December quarter really tested our metal in terms of execution. Team did very, very well. We still had to navigate some supply chain hiccups here and there that were outside of our supply chains. But, for the most part, we executed very well, and we can take that momentum and the lessons learned through the December quarter to put us in better position to come through strong through the calendar year 2021.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thanks. And just, can you give us a time line for the C-band? How does that move into revenue? And what kind of percentage increase would you expect those handsets with C-band having?
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, that's a great question. So the C-band auction now is pretty much commenced. And what it does, which is great, as it opens up new spectrum in mid-band. So, let's call it mid-band 1 gig to 6 gig. There's a lot of opportunity there that had been really kind of tied up pre-auction. That will be very beneficial for Skyworks because we have a great portfolio of products in mid-band. We have great product in ultra-high band and high-band as well. But C-band is going to be unique here. It's going to be an important piece of the 5G landscape, a very necessary piece going from low to mid to high, kind of the layer cake approach, if you will with low-band at the bottom, mid-band in the middle and then technologies like millimeter wave narrowly at the top. So, that C-band auction will drive more technology. We will be delivering 5G signals through that new spectrum, will require upgrades in our Sky5 platform that we're ready to go on, and it will be able to add content.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James.
Chris Caso: I guess, the first question is just digging into what was different from your expectations going in the quarter again? And if I guess, the question maybe a little differently, we had talked about some supply constraints coming into the quarter. Was the nature of this beat just that you were able to get more supply out the door this quarter than you had expected? And otherwise, when you guided back in September that perhaps more of this would have been pushed into the March quarter? Was it that either content or demand from your customers turned out to be better?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Chris, it really is a lot of -- there's elements of each comment. So first of all, there was an accelerating demand signal here in the December quarter, which was great. Things were a little bit slower in the Q4 period, and we started really seeing the wheels turn in the right way in December. And that accelerated. That was -- the December quarter was a quarter that accelerated. It didn't decelerate. We've had other periods where we had launches that started out great and kind of tailed off. That didn't happen. And so, what it did is to put a lot of focus on execution, supply chain execution. And fortunately, and if you look at obviously our filings, we've been spending money on capital, on CapEx. And that really isn't just adding lanes of new equipment. It's actually bringing new technology to the market. So, it was a culmination of supply chain execution, largely within Skyworks. And then, we had a couple of hiccups outside. We don't make everything in-house, but most of it's done in-house. So, owning our own factories, delivering within our facilities, being efficient there, managing the constraints, but then also bringing that technology up. And we learned a lot in that period. It puts us in a much better position as a company. The lessons learned when the intensity was high I think really are key for us and will make us a better company as we supply further. But then, some of the other things that Chris mentioned, this was not just the mobile launch. Mobile was great and was the highlight, but we really executed in our broad markets. And I'm really proud about that, some of the customer names I already rattled off at really high-quality accounts that were not customers of Skyworks a year ago, and they are today and they will be in the future.
Chris Caso: Thank you. As a follow-up, with the big revenue growth, what can we think about margins as we go into next year? And I know that you may have been leaning on some production outsourcing, given all the supply constraints and the big ramps that happened this year. With the investments that you're making now, will that allow you to get some more margin leverage on these very large revenue numbers and start to grow the gross margin line as we go into next year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Chris, great question. And so, first of all, I'm pleased with the fact that we delivered 51.1% gross margin, up 70 basis points sequentially, up 100 basis points year-over-year and 35 basis points above the high end of what we guided, right? Despite the fact that, as you pointed out, it was a very tight supply chain environment. And keep in mind, we still have some COVID-19 headwinds out there as well. But as Liam indicated, great execution by the operational team, delivering more than $1.5 billion in revenue to our customers, right? And so, as we move forward and as we move, of course, through our seasonal trends here, and as some of those headwinds I just talked about will abate over time, we definitely will see further gross margin improvements here. And maybe just to add there, of course, I mean, we are focused on driving top line growth and we are focused on driving gross margin improvements all the time, but we also focus on overall profitability and operating margins improvements. And so, there as well, very pleased with the delivery of the 41.2% operating margin in the December quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Thank you. Excellent results, guys. Congratulations. Kris, I'd like to ask, if possible. I mean, obviously, you've got a big boost from your largest customer, the results yesterday, your comments on today's call and clearly, your revenue line show that. But in terms of sustainability, why shouldn't we expect things to actually get materially better? Because if you look at your content, I mean, you have a big content increase on the latest model, something like by our own teardown, about 20%. But, you still have a lot of runway at the Korean and Chinese customers, where you've been kind of under earning last year. That seems to be coming back. So, can you maybe help characterize revenue growth maybe to '21? You've got a very strong one with the domestic suppliers, what should we expect for the Koreans and China? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Ed, I'll take this for the first question. And if you have a follow-up, I'll throw it to Kris. Yes. I mean, great question for you there. I appreciate it. And I think one of the things that you know very well is the complexity in 5G and the nuances around that technology. And really, all key elements need to come together. So, we were able to put that forward with of course our largest customer, but we're also gaining in China with key players, the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, we've got great attachment with MediaTek as well. It's still so early. If you look at units in 5G versus where they could be in a couple of years, right? You've got 6.5 million to 7 billion mobile subscribers and we're talking about a couple of hundred million units of 5G phones in 2020. It'll probably double in 2021, but there's still a great opportunity for us at Skyworks. And the other thing that we do well is we are an under-the-hood player. We get in there with those customers and help them stitch together the necessary technologies to make it work in 5G. When you look at the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, I mean that the people support that we provide is very unique. The Sky5 platform is highly integrated and really puts them on a fast time line of market, which is ideal. We're also seeing our large customer perform extremely well, extremely well and taking share globally, in our view. So, there's a lot of positives there, and it's sustainable. 5G, again, still early innings, we believe this is a multiyear thematic cycle for us and others. And then the inflection towards other markets, automotive, IoT, so many other markets that will consume these technologies. I think, it just comes together for a good long-term thesis here.
Edward Snyder: So, maybe my follow-up then kind of hits on that issue. I mean, it was only, what, 18 months ago, 2 years ago that people were fighting about Chinese OEMs -- or component guys replacing the U.S. suppliers after the Huawei ban, which seems ridiculous on its base, and it's clearly not the case now. So, what I'm trying to -- I guess, the question really is, is that the complexity that we've already seen in the largest customers and is now being designed into some of the Chinese phones to acquire some of these more elaborate modules with all the system design, et cetera. That's also kind of porting into Wi-Fi 6E and almost every wireless solution in the current standard point at this point. Are you seeing -- is the competitive dynamic changing much at all? I mean, do you -- Qorvo, less to much lesser extent, Oahu, because they don't play in all of these things. Outside of that group, are you seeing anybody else, or is it the reverse content that they were providing, especially some of the quasi discrete phones is now accruing to you and the other leader?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Ed, it was even in the prepared remarks, we are seeing a consolidation. I mean, this stuff is -- it's great technology. It's wonderful. It's amazing for the consumer, but it's really, really hard. And for those companies that have the ability to invest in scale and technology are going to win. And it’s not for everybody. I mean, it's not for everybody. And it's -- we're not the only game in town. I think we've done a great job of advancing in that area and developing the technology. And we build our stuff in-house, which has been strategically advantageous for us. But, when you look at China, we provide the perfect recipe. We can scale, we can provide content. We can provide coaching and flexibility in the architectures and bring them the market in a technology that is just incredible today. So, all that comes together. And as you said, the smaller players right now, it's a difficult task. It's a difficult task. The technology bar is really, really high in 5G. So it's not a slogan, right? It's not a -- it's a really, really high bar to get there. So, I think fewer and fewer companies can do it. Those that can are going to be successful, and we want to be part of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harrison Barrett from Arete Research.
Harrison Barrett: I just need to ask about millimeter wave. So, what steps -- whether it's partnerships or investments? What steps have you taken towards millimeter wave capability? And from your perspective, how do you see the adoption curve changing over the next couple of years?
Liam Griffin: Yes. It's a great -- well, certainly, it is -- it has been launched. It is available with certain carriers and certain phones. It is still a bit of a challenging technology today. There's line of sight issues, there's power consumption issues and there's cost issues. So, it is early innings for millimeter wave. In time, over time, it's possible that, that footprint could expand, and millimeter wave become more pervasive in the smartphone. But I'll tell you, the interesting thing though is the C-band auction here opens up new spectrum that will allow immediate lanes of transmission back and forth that just haven't been there today that could step up and provide another path for 5G. So, I think millimeter wave will continue to move on and it's a great application in certain environments, line of sight environments, campus environments, large stadiums, things like that would be perfect. But, it's a bit more difficult for broad stream technology. So, it's quite possible that as we build out 5G and the advancements are made, you're going to see that layer cake low-band, mid-band and then millimeter wave at the top for certain applications. So, I think all technologies there can play, millimeter wave right now is probably the lowest in terms of introduction and exposure. But I think there's opportunity for it to grow. And we're making investments in millimeter wave as well here at Skyworks to make sure that we're close to the action and doing what we need to do to support our customers.
Harrison Barrett: Great. Thanks. And as a follow-up, how should we think about M&A at Skyworks over the next couple of years? Are you guys looking to bolster board markets further at this space?
Liam Griffin: Yes. No. Great question. First of all, we love our organic outlook. We love our business. And the markets that we play in have been incredible. They've been dynamic. They've been challenging. But, they've been incredibly rewarding for us. And so what we do though is as we pursue opportunities and work with customers, ideas and M&A opportunities come about, right, naturally. So we continue to have our eyes and ears open on that front. The opportunities do pop up. We have a tremendous cash machine at Skyworks. You heard the data with our free cash flow margin and just the net cash that we have. So, with the right opportunity comes together, we'll be ready to take advantage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird.
Tristan Gerra: In the -- the 3.5 gigahertz band, as we see more bands being added and some of that will come from the new C-band opportunity, at which point over the next few years you think that module moves from SAW filters to BAW filter? And how do you think you're positioned for -- ahead of that transition?
Liam Griffin: Yes. So, if you think about the transition here, as we move forward, we have great technology in TC-SAW, standard SAW and also ultra-high band bulk acoustic wave. So, we have the ability to play along that spectrum, that frequency spectrum and capture more and more opportunities. I think where you're going to see probably the most incremental growth on the Skyworks front is the delivery of our bulk acoustic wave technology. And if you look back at our Company a couple of years ago, we talked a little bit about BAW, but we were honest, and we said, look, we just don't -- we don't have to scale a couple of years ago. Now, we're shipping hundreds of millions of units of bulk acoustic wave, and that technology is purpose-built for mid and high-band spectrum. So, that is being laid out. You're seeing it now in some of the teardowns or some of the phones that we're working with today that are on the shelves. And you'll see further advancement in our bulk acoustic wave technology embedded in new phones as we go out to the next set of devices in 2021, 2022.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, great. And then, as a quick follow-up, how would you characterize inventory level at -- in the smartphone supply chain, notably in China, as some of the OEM you've mentioned are basically battling for market share, taking grabs from Huawei?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. In fact, we are still at a record low level, both internally at Skyworks, but also in the supply chain and in the distribution channel. Keep in mind that there still has been somewhat of a demand supply unbalance, although that is improving as we now move into the March quarter. But, given all of that, the inventory in the channel is extremely low.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley Securities.
Craig Ellis: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Congratulations on the tremendous revenue strength and getting gross margins back up to 51% first time in eight quarters, nice to see. Liam, the question I wanted to ask, and I typically wouldn't ask it this early in the year, but it really seems to be big, given the strength of the business in the December quarter and in the March quarter. As we look ahead at the calendar year, I think, we'd typically think that seasonally, the business would be down a few percent in the calendar second quarter, just given the pause between first half builds and second half builds. But, you did mention earlier the doubling in 5G smartphone units and ongoing content gains, and you and Kris both touched on the secular dynamics in broad markets. And so, the question is, in part, just how are you thinking about the gives and takes as we look towards the middle of the year? And then, given the strength we're seeing to start the year, can we still expect to see the typical type of seasonality we would expect in the second half of the year, or are we just starting so robustly that for whatever reason linearity would be flatter?
Liam Griffin: Yes. That's a great set of questions here, Craig. I think, what we're seeing now is, again, great adoption right out of the gate with our 5G portfolio. We're thrilled to see that early innings. So, there's a lot to do. And then in parallel, these broad market opportunities are really scaling right now. We talked a lot about Wi-Fi 6, we've got Bluetooth, we've got GPS and we're in platforms that are just prolific -- even with our largest customer that the amount of revenue derived in non-phone devices or not noncellular devices can be incredible, and that's a new area for us to see. So, that's continuing to advance. And broad markets, again, 35% year-over-year, incredible numbers. And we're just really -- and that's a market that there is so much share that we haven't captured, it's just -- it's compelling to continue to make those investments in people and in technology to grow that. And then, the mobile business will continue to do very, very well. If you look at where we see the market, we continue to see new content opportunities that we chase and variably win. We've got a China position now that I think is going to inflect higher as the content there on a relative basis is still lower than it is in other markets. So, there's a great opportunity to move. And then, the expansion of use cases, so it's customers and use cases that we just haven't seen. Some of that came through the pandemic, a difficult period of time. And some of that were technologies that just emerge. And you think about Zoom, you think about Peloton, store-to-door delivery to your house, touchless payments, all of this stuff is not going to go away. It's not going to go away. But it's also going to be powered by connectivity. It's going to be connected by the kind of things that we offer. Again, whether it's Wi-Fi, whether it's 5G, whether it's Bluetooth, I mean so there's a parallel market here that is building and creating unique momentum. I'm incredibly excited about the 35% broad market number in a period of time that typically was all about mobile. So, we're really demonstrating the ability to create diversification, but still in many cases, use common technology cores that run through our factories.
Craig Ellis: That's really helpful. It's pretty amazing to think that by late this year, those two businesses could be annualizing at $5 billion and $1.5 billion each. So, my follow-up really is for you and Kris, on the share buyback. So nice to see the $2 billion buyback. The question is this. With $700 million remaining on the existing buyback, can you just give us some color on why now with the new authorization? And what was it that dictated the $2 billion was the right amount versus, say, $1 billion or $1.5 billion or even $2.5 billion to $3 billion?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. It's very simple. The time expired on the prior authorization. It's a $2 billion program for two years. So, that previous plan was put in place in January 2019 and expires in January 2021. And so, we are putting in place a new $2 billion program covering the next two years.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences, during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitchell Haws: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Year End 2020 Conference Call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include certain non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our prior practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered exceptional results in the fourth fiscal quarter with revenue and earnings well ahead of our guidance. Importantly, the momentum spanned across our entire customer base; mobile, IoT, automotive, cognitive audio and infrastructure. In fact revenues in our mobile and broad markets portfolios each grew 30% sequentially and generated double-digit growth compared to Q4 of last year. Now looking at the quarter in more detail. We delivered revenue of $957 million, more than $100 million above the high end of our guidance. We achieved gross margin of 50.4% and operating margin of 35%. We posted earnings per share of $1.85, exceeding our guidance by $0.34, and we generated strong operating cash flow, totaling $267 million in the quarter. Capitalizing on years of investment in next technology generation products, we are now both driving and benefiting from the rollout of 5G in markets around the world. Recent data points highlight just how rapidly this adoption is accelerating. 38 countries have already launched 5G networks with more regions set to deploy. And already in 2020, 12% of the world's smartphones are 5G-enabled with projections of over 50% by 2023. Notably, the world's leading smartphone manufacturer has just now released its entire lineup of new 5G devices, a key catalyst underpinning our growth thesis. Although we are only in the early innings, 5G has arrived, ushering in a new and expansive set of opportunities. During the quarter, our solutions powered a broad set of use cases. From the newest and most innovative smartphones to industrial IoT, automotive, cognitive audio and touchless commerce. Specifically, in mobile, we accelerated the ramp of our Sky5 portfolio, while supporting leading 5G smartphone launches, including those from Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, Google and other major Tier 1s. In IoT, we enabled touchless point-of-sale systems at Square, powered WiFi 6 access points for Amazon, ramped WiFi 6 solutions for advanced routers at NETGEAR and ASUS, and launched residential gateways at Verizon and Telecom Italia. We also supported Facebook's newest Oculus VR platform. And we further bolstered our position in low latency cognitive audio solutions, powering wireless headsets at Logitech, Razor and Sony, among others. Now moving to the industrial space. We introduced embedded connectivity modules enabling Fibocom's latest enterprise IoT architectures. We delivered critical medical applications, at Boston Scientific and GE and also supported wireless utility metering at Itron and Census. In infrastructure, we secured multiple design wins in next-generation MIMO base stations and small cell installations. And finally, in automotive, we ramp telematic subsystems for BMW and Tesla and launched high-speed connected car solutions for Daimler and leading OEMs in Japan and Korea. These engagements illustrate the diverse and expansive nature of our portfolio, supporting a broad array of customers and applications. Fundamentally, our ability to execute and deliver on successive technology nodes fuels above-market growth. This momentum is underpinned by increasing demand for our unique system solutions, differentiated by performance, integration, scale and most importantly, customer value. Skyworks is well positioned to capitalize on the rapidly changing landscape with deep customer relationships established over 20 years, experience across multiple technology transitions. Strategic investments in global scale, a seasoned and talented workforce, and finally, an efficient cash flow engine that funds continuous development of market leading solutions. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q4 and the fiscal year, along with our outlook for Q1.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2020 was $957 million, this is $117 million higher than the midpoint of the guidance coming into Q4. Revenue was up 30% sequentially and up 16% year-over-year, driven by increasing adoption of our mobile solutions and rising broad market momentum. In fact, both mobile and broad markets revenue grew 30% sequentially and were up double digits compared to Q4 of last year. We established a new quarterly record of $295 million in broad markets revenue, while greatly expanding our customer reach. Gross profit in the fourth quarter was $482 million resulting in a gross margin of 50.4%, up 30 basis points sequentially. Operating expenses were $147 million or 15.4% of revenue, demonstrating leverage in our operating model while continuing our strategic investments in support of future growth. We generated $335 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 35%. We incurred $1 million of other expenses, and our effective tax rate was 6.5%, driving net income of $312 million. Top line momentum and execution on margins drove diluted earnings per share of $1.85, beating the guidance by $0.34. EPS grew 48% sequentially and increased 22% compared to Q4 of last year. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $267 million and capital expenditures were $146 million. We paid $84 million in dividends. And given our conviction in the underlying strength of our business, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of our common stock at an average price of approximately $140 per share for a total of $231 million. As this is the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, let's also review our annual results. We generated $3.4 billion of revenue with gross profit of $1.7 billion, resulting in a gross margin of 50.2%. Operating income was $1.1 billion with an operating margin of 33.7%. Net income was $1 billion, translating into $6.13 of diluted earnings per share. Cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion, and we returned nearly $1 billion to shareholders in fiscal 2020 with $307 million of dividend payments and $648 million in share buybacks as we repurchased 6.3 million shares throughout the fiscal year. And we ended the fiscal year with cash and investments of $1 billion, and we have no debt. In summary, the Skyworks team executed exceptionally well despite a challenging environment. Navigating the COVID-19 pandemic and headwinds from U.S.-China trade relations. We delivered strong profitability and cash generation ended the fiscal year on a high note and position the company for future top and bottom line growth as we enter the new 5G era. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2021. We expect to deliver another quarter of double-digit sequential revenue and earnings per share growth in our first fiscal quarter. Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.04 billion and $1.07 billion. At the midpoint of $1.055 billion. Revenue for the quarter is expected to increase 10% sequentially and 18% year-over-year. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 50.25% to 50.75% as we continue to drive profitability expansion. We expect operating expenses of approximately $148 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $1 million in other expense and a tax rate between 9% and 10%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 168.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.06, an increase of 11% sequentially and more than 20% on a year-over-year basis. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks significantly exceeded September quarter expectations in revenue and earnings per share, capping off a fiscal year that tested and demonstrated the resilience and agility of our business. As 5G revolutionizes connectivity and proliferates in global platform launches, we are ramping our innovative Sky5 solutions across a rapidly expanding set of end markets. Clearly, Skyworks technologies are playing an essential role in today's challenging environment, enabling ubiquitous, reliable, ultra-fast and safe connections, driving momentum across our portfolio while positioning our business for continued growth. Finally, our strong balance sheet and consistent cash generation provide a formidable platform for technology investment as we deliver premium returns to our stockholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Congratulations on the strong results and the accelerating sales outlook. Liam, my first question is on your Q1 December quarter outlook. Where do you think we are in the 5G cycle when we look at the strength that you're seeing in December? Is this kind of the run rate business and we can annualize from here? Does it grow from here? Just how much did 5G -- is 5G contributing to December? And how much runway is there to grow off of these quarterly levels?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes, great question. Well, let me start by saying, we saw a bit of the 5G ramp in Q4 and actually a larger part of that with our APAC customers. And so far, it's been going great. We have been winning business. We've been expediting products. The demand has been incredible, and so we're really thrilled about that. But it's also very, very early in the cycle. So our Q4 period, which accelerated rapidly towards the end of the quarter and brought momentum into Q1. Our Q4 period was typically led by the APAC region. As we move into our fiscal Q1, it's led by Tier 1 customers. And in both cases, we're very well balanced and well positioned. In addition to that, we round out with a great set of plays here in IoT and in broad markets, so really good strength that's moving into -- from Q4 and into Q1. And again, very, very early in the overall 5G landscape.
Vivek Arya: Right. And for my follow-up, Liam, given the delayed start at one of your large customers, how should we think about the seasonality as we go into calendar Q1? Should we expect to see this strength sustain into calendar Q1? Just how -- conceptually, what visibility do you have into Q1? And if you could have any color around 2021, that would also be very helpful.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Well, as you see, coming off our Q4 guidance -- our Q4 delivery, which was $100 million above consensus and $200 million sequentially, just to make sure we get that right. And now we go into Q4, we're guiding about 10% at the midpoint. We feel comfortable with that. It's diversified across customer bases. There's certainly a couple of flagship players that are leading the charge. But we are working very quickly to get these products to the customer, and we know that the demand is there. So we feel very good about our outlook and look forward to delivering more as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I'm wondering, Kris, if you can give us an idea of what's assumed for the December guidance for broad markets? And then I also have a follow-up.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So we're definitely very pleased with what we see in our broad markets. And just to talk maybe first a little bit about September quarters, right? It was approximately 31% of total revenue it was just shy of $300 million of revenue in the quarter, which is a new all-time record for broad markets. As Liam just indicated as well, it was up 30% sequentially, which is almost $70 million of incremental revenue that we saw into the September quarter. And so we are back to double-digit year-over-year growth in the September quarter. In the December quarter, so our Q1 of fiscal '21, we expect further sequential revenue growth in broad markets. So we will end up with a new all-time high in the December quarter. And so that translates into very, very strong double-digit year-over-year growth for broad markets. In broad markets, the strength that we see is really across the board. And of course, it's in part driven by some strong demand for our wireless connectivity solutions, supporting work from home, play from home, learn from home, commerce from home, everything from home, right, or from any place. We also saw a really nice rebound in our industrial IoT as well in our automotive business. And we also have really good and great positive momentum in our cognitive audio business. And then last but not least, with the infrastructure business, supporting the build-out of 5G networks. And so when you put it all together, our broad markets business is doing really well, all-time records in September and guiding to an all-time record in December.
Timothy Arcuri: And then I guess my second question is on gross margin. There's very little incremental margins dropping through year-over-year in September. And then if I look at the December guidance, it's like the drop-through is not really much above what the overall margin levels are. And you're not too far away from the revenue that's assumed in the financial model, but we're still 250 basis points below on gross margin. So can you talk a little bit about what's going on there? Is it simply just mix?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. First of all, I'm pleased with the gross margin in the September quarter at 50.4%, up 30 basis points sequentially. And so we have been hinting at that. Quarter-over-quarter, we will continue to make steady progress at further gross margin improvement. And so we are guiding 50.25% to 50.75%. So again, up sequentially into the December quarter. Keep in mind that we still have some headwinds as a result of COVID-19 with social distancing, extra cleaning and sanitation and some disruption in the supply chain here that is hitting us. And so we expect over time to see further improvements there on the gross margin towards our target model of 53%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Congratulations on the strong results. Liam, how would you characterize or assess inventory today, both at Skyworks as well as at your customer base? Obviously, there's a big concern that some of your customers might be pulling in a little bit. Any thoughts there? And then I've got a quick follow-up.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Honestly, we were working our tails off to deliver. We had customers that we were late on a lot of orders, scrambling to get these parts out. So we -- our inventories are very low. Our DSOs are down. It has been a breakneck pace operationally to deliver into this great cycle, so those have been the biggest challenges. There were some, I think, further back. We had some bumps with COVID issues in our own factories that created a little bit of difficulty in the supply chain. I think the 90% of that is [bias] [ph] and we're well positioned to continue to bring up the top line. But we had -- this Q4 and coming into Q1, it's been very aggressive demand. And a lot of that is unique to us. And it may not be to the total market, but for the things that we do, great portfolio right now, work at home portfolio that Kris mentioned. But really catalyst, whether it's Zoom video or Peloton or browsing real estate on your phone. The move towards connectivity is real. It's sticky. It's going to stay with us. And then on the 5G handset side, great position with the leaders in China with a tremendous amount of technology-rich content gains crafted in-house and then also some very compelling solutions with our largest customer, again, highly customized, crafted in-house that are just now moving out into the customer. So it's been a -- we waited for this for a long time. We've invested in this for a long time. We've been talking about 5G for quite a while, and we were very articulate and clear about our ability, our ability to win, and that's what we're doing right now. We're winning.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then, Kris, I just wanted to double-click on gross margins. Again, we're not seeing a ton of leverage here in the model. And I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit on sort of the headwinds that you're seeing that's sort of offsetting the increase in revenue. Is it customer mix? Is it mix between in-sourced product versus outsourced product? Is it COVID? We're hearing wafer pricing might be going up a little bit just given the tightness. Anything you can add there would be super helpful.
Kris Sennesael: Right. Yes. No, from a pricing point of view, it's business as usual. We don't see anything special there. And so again, the way we improve our gross margins, it's threefold. It's continue to bring new high added-value products to the market, especially as 5G is becoming a larger part of our portfolio. We do have a tailwind there. In addition to that, of course, we continue to drive operational efficiencies. But as I pointed out, due to COVID-19 and the pandemic. There are some inefficiencies today in our own factories as well as in the supply chain and the logistics. And unfortunately, that's there. It's not going away quickly. But hopefully, in a couple of quarters down the road, we will see some benefit from that as well. And then yes, there is always mix and mix changes. As you know, broad market has a higher gross margin compared to our mobile segment. And definitely, the mobile segment is going to grow a little bit faster into the December quarter. So when you put that all together, again, we will continue to make further good progress at improving gross margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Congrats on the results. Perhaps on the results. Just wanted to go back to a prior question. I just want to make sure I heard the answer correctly. As you look into the December quarter, just some comments on whether you expect Android to be up. Historically, that's been a down quarter for a lot of China, but obviously, with 5G and content, it may be up. I just wanted to understand what you were saying into December on the Android world.
Kris Sennesael: No, we see increase across the board, right, in mobile at all accounts, in growth markets at all accounts. So yes, of course, the large customer will be up sequentially. Samsung will be up sequentially. The key China customers, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi will be up sequentially. There's 1 exception, of course, and that's Huawei. As you know, based on the new export restrictions, we are no longer allowed to ship past September 14. As a result of that, the Huawei revenue in Q4 was actually slightly below our expectations at on or about 3% of revenue. And so in the December guide, we did not include any revenue for Huawei. Despite the fact that more recently, we did get a limited license to ship certain products to Huawei. But we are still figuring it out with the customer, which products they need, which products they want. And so we did not include that into our guide for the December quarter.
Liam Griffin: I'm sorry, I just wanted to add one more to that. I think when you look at the Android cycle, that really kicked off in Q4, where I think that larger Tier 1 is more of a December quarter play. So very good position in the Android, which will stay with us, launch a little bit sooner in 5G, a. Lot of great solutions there, a lot of embedded MediaTek play as well. That will continue to roll. And then you have more of the December quarter being led by the top players.
Blayne Curtis: And then maybe just a follow-up on the September quarter. You haven't always beaten by a huge amount, so it was a nice beat. I was just curious what you pointed to as surprising you most of the upside in the September quarter?
Liam Griffin: Yes, just really steep acceleration in 5G and also an incredible sticky set of opportunities in broad markets. The broad market business, not only did it set a record for -- a quarterly record, but it really had some incredible diversification with many, many new customers and we're really excited about that. We have a whole set of green shoot opportunities that we have consummated over the last couple of months that will continue to drive revenue for us into the future. So that was a great benefit. Some of those things with the pandemic as hard as it's been, there's been some opportunity that's come about. That's 1 area that certainly benefited.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen & Company.
Karl Ackerman: Liam, if I may go back to China handsets, clearly, Huawei has been impacted from U.S. trade restrictions. I know it's difficult to handicap. But with the election tomorrow, there seems to be a growing investor interest in how you may be positioned if Huawei were to procure smartphone components from U.S. suppliers. So I guess, how do you balance the enthusiasm you have for the order book versus making sure inventory across the supply chain remains balanced?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, first of all, Huawei, as Kris just indicated, is a very, very, very small piece of our business right now, very small. And we don't expect there to be any upside going forward. However, as Chris mentioned, we did get a license from commerce, and there's a door opening potentially for more opportunities. We had a great position with Huawei, a few years ago. And they were our #2 customers. So we know how to work with them. And they were a company that were more of a high-end player, appreciated the integration that we provided and the technologies that we provided. So unfortunately, the trade issues separated us and also separated some of our peers. But if that door opens up and we're able to deliver, again, we're right back at it. There's nothing lost. But in the meantime, we're moving forward, we're working with all the other players in China that we mentioned the Android ecosystem and others. So we feel like we're very well balanced and hedged on that. If there's an opportunity, that's great. We know how to sell to that. We know how to design in. But we feel like a lot of that business has been redistributed, and we've been able to catch it on the other end. So we're not too concerned about it, but we'll certainly stay vigilant if opportunities emerge.
Karl Ackerman: Understood. Kris, for my follow-up, if I may, I know it's not usually your practice to comment beyond a quarter, but it appears your mobile business will grow high single digits in calendar 2020 when overall units should decline double digits. With expectations that 5G smartphone should increase from roughly 200 million phones this year to perhaps 500 million next year. Is there a fundamental reason why your content perhaps could not be as significant next year?
Kris Sennesael: No. I'm not going to really comment on the units. I mean, we definitely see strong adoption of 5G. But we will see what the units -- how that all plays out. On the flip side, yes, we do have very strong content increase and content gain as 5G being introduced in the phones, it's adding a lot more complexity. It's adding new bands, which are being layered on top of the existing 2G, 3G, 4G technology and that adds a lot of complexity. And that's, again, what Liam has been indicating. We've been investing into that for many years with our PAs, our filter business, our capability. We integrate all of that into our integrated solutions. And that's where we see really a big opportunity for Skyworks as more and more 5G adoption will happen over the next couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Liam, it was very clear for Mark Teron of your largest customers flow, and you've really knocked the ball out of the park on this. You had 10 modules in the current version. Last year, you got 6. And I know some of the big content increases you're experiencing there and probably in China, given China mobile's requirements have pulled power amplifiers into what traditionally received only DRX section, which you dominate. My question is, given China Mobile's requirements for many more bands or several more bands than we and most of the industry expected, pulling in what I would consider to be out period 5G content into the current period and the inclusion of greater functionality in this broadcast MIMO in D.C., et cetera. I'd like to get your opinion about where we're going to see the growth next year. I'm sure the unit volume game is going to work in everybody's favor. We're going to see more phones using 5G next year. But maybe you could help us out with what you think the content increase would be because it sounds like you're capturing a lot of that in this first glut of 5G phones, both in Asia and in the flagship phones coming out this year. And I'm just kind of scratching my head, what we can expect from a content point of view in the next year or two? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Liam Griffin: Sure. That's a good question. Well, as much as we're encouraged by the results that we've been putting forth and the content that we've gained, there's so much more out there, Ed. Tremendous opportunities that we haven't captured, new solutions that we're inventing right now that are going to be very different than what we have today. We're under the hood with all the customers and all the players. And one of the things that we do is we look and listen to see where the problems are, how can we make our parts better, how can we make Sky5 better, and we continue to do that. And that's the way we gain our content. A lot of it is just really getting in there under the hood, shoulder to shoulder with the best engineers in the world from Skyworks and our customers, and we try to figure it out together. And oftentimes, a solution is born. So I think the technologies that we're seeing now. First of all, we all know, everybody on this call knows that this is the early innings of 5G, early innings. And we think 5G today in 2021 and 2020 is going to be different in 2 or 3 years and there'll be a 6G. So there's a lot of work to be done, continuous work. Our customers are constantly pushing us. They want faster, they want more data, they want lower current consumption. And that wheel, that technology wheel continues to turn. So as much as we're happy with what we've been able to do so far. There's just so much more that we can do. So I feel very comfortable that early innings in 5G, you're getting read on that now from us, we can do a lot better. We think the adoption is going to go up faster and faster. We think the usage cases are going to continue to grow the same way they did in 3G and 4G. So I'm not too concerned about it. I think, for us, it's about investing in the right markets. It's about raising our technology bar and then executing with our customers. Those are the key elements for us at this point.
Edward Snyder: Okay. That kind of messes with my second question because one of the things that we did pull from this is just in your and your largest customer has flown it was a stunning increase in the complexity, especially antenna system that went from 6 antennas to 13 on this phone. Which I know, and I saw that they pulled in a lot more antenna switch and control content from Skyworks, which is -- I know you've played it before, but it wasn't a huge area for you. And a lot of the stuff is being pulled into module. So doesn't this play into the gross margin, sorry? Because there's so many different ways this could go if you look at what ultra-wideband is doing in the phones, et cetera. They're throwing so much into the handset side of it. Is it more of a share gain from a module players point of view? I would say you and core will predominantly because the phone is getting so much more complicated in going so many directions that they're turning to you guys to really start integrating more of this? And is that where not just the content, but also where the opportunity for gross margin starts to play out, given this kind of a system in a module at this point versus just RF components?
Liam Griffin: Yes, I agree completely with that comment. I think we're getting into a world now where things are getting very complex. You can look at it from band count and 10 account, DRX, transmit receive, very, very complex. And our customers have a tremendous job on their end. So the burden on players like Skyworks is let's go solve this, let's go work it. And to try to configure in a platform in an integrated solution is just much, much better for the customer. It's difficult for the suppliers, but we are getting paid for that. And I think it's a unique set of technologies that we're seeing in 5G. We know there's more to do. It's one of the reasons why we've been an investor in our own fabs, whether it's BAW, whether it's TC-SAW, whether it's BGA capacity and packaging, all of these things, bring us the opportunity to deliver what our customers want unique. Each one having their own needs and satisfying those at every point. So there's a lot to do. We love doing it. And again, early innings, but there's plenty of upside from here that we got to just go earn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Kris, you seem to be especially popular today. So I'm going to stick with you as well. Just scratching my head a little bit on the gross margin side. If I look back at the last time you had a $1 billion in rev, you had a 51.2% gross margin. If I have the quarter right, that's September '18. The broad market business was a little bit smaller. So -- and then you talked about the positive and -- sorry, the headwinds and the tailwinds. So on the headwind, you mentioned COVID-19 cost and some other inefficiencies that you're working to remove. And then the positives are better, higher advanced products, so that should be incrementally positive for gross margin as well as your broad market business is growing. Now it should cross the $300 million mark next quarter. So is it fair to assume that the COVID related cost is about 100 bps, and that's kind of the headwind that the margin is facing? And once we get past that, just a couple of quarters, that we should see gross margins come back to more in line with historical? And then given that broad market is getting bigger, that should help gross margin to get to your 53% target?
Kris Sennesael: Well, when you think about it the right way, Ambrish. So I've talked about that before. You have the COVID-19 headwind is in the 75 to 100 basis points range but will come down over time here. And so we're working it hard every quarter. And so there is definitely upside from that. And then you list all the other elements there that we see as well that give us conviction that over time, we will continue to further improve the gross margin.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. And then my quick follow-up is really, again, on the broad markets business. Could you just help us understand how is the business looking more in terms of where you're seeing the growth opportunities, and it's up $1.2 billion plus annual revenue run rate, a fairly large business. And how has it changed from 2, 3 years ago? Liam, maybe it's a question for you.
Liam Griffin: Yes. 2 or 3 years ago, a lot of it was pretty narrow. It was mainly low-end connections GPS, early WiFi and some infrastructure. And if you look at the portfolio today, it is really diversified. We've got players like Ring, NETGEAR, Amazon, Sonos, of course, one of our larger customers, there's a lot of work in broad markets, names like Google. We have Facebook, really cool applications. We have an audio business that had a great quarter. Thinking about gaming, technologies like that with good margins as well. So it's not -- even though some of these products sound consumer oriented, the technologies that we bring are not. We've actually grown the business in automotive and defense. Working with more IoT partners like Fibocom that we mentioned. Again, access points and routers with WiFi 6 coming in right now. Some of the new applications that we've seen through this difficult pandemic I think we're going to be quite sticky when you look at whether it's work from home or work from anywhere. We're seeing those usage cases continue to grow. So we think that, that is a move up that is sustainable. We don't think that, that's a quarterly bump. We think that's a sustainable move. And invariably, we're going to start to see more and more wide area connections with 5G connecting some of these devices. So if you look at broad markets today, much of the connectivity is WiFi and Bluetooth and GPS. There are still some customers that are adopting 5G. But over time, I think you're going to see 5G converts of going beyond the handset and the and basically spreading into a number of applications, the car, the factory, some of the consumer options as well. And we're extremely well positioned there. I think that's one of the unique things about Skyworks. We can take the connectivity from low data rates, a very, very high data rate, and we can customize it by application. So that's an important part. And again, the customer reach in broad markets continues to extend. We'll report more next quarter as we look at more design wins and more players that we bring in, but it's definitely stepping up on its growth path, and we're really happy to see that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James.
Christopher Caso: I guess, first question would be regarding use of cash, and obviously, that cash flow is increasing, given what's happening now. Any changes in your approach to that on what your plans are for the cash flow?
Kris Sennesael: No, no changes there. I mean we continue to deliver very strong free cash flow, and we continue to return all of that back to the shareholder, combination of our dividend program as well as our share buyback program. And so we've been very active from a buyback point of view and continue to be active there. That still leaves us $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet with no debt, and so there is optionality from an M&A point of view.
Christopher Caso: Got it. Just as a follow-up with what you're seeing in China and given the inability of Huawei to procure components, maybe you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing into those customers? And I guess it right to assume that some of the strength you're seeing at Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi is M kind of stepping in and filling the void if Huawei is still unable to get components and that continues as you go into next year?
Liam Griffin: Yes, Chris, that's some of what we're seeing. So obviously, we're agnostic to baseband and customers. We want to win with everybody. So Huawei had been a major customer for us for a while -- for a long while, and we just indicated earlier in the Q&A here that they've obviously gotten a lot smaller due to trade, and it's great if they come back. We're ready to go. But what we are seeing is a redistribution of that technology. Obviously, the China market still love cellphones, the global market does as well. And we're able to fortunately, with some changes in our design and certain things that we need to do to calibrate for the customer. We've been able to move a lot of that technology to the Oppos, to the Vivos, to the Xiaomis, even Samsung, as well. And if things change at Huawei, that's fine. That's great. We'll step right in and work with them. We have no problem with that. There's no customer issue. It's more trade related. But I think the need and the desire to have a 5G phone is very real everywhere. And certainly, we want to serve China the best we can.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley FBR.
Craig Ellis: Congratulations on the strong revenues, guys. So I hopped on a little bit late, so apologies if this has already been asked. But Liam and Chris, can you provide some color on the relative strength that you would expect in the business going into the fiscal first quarter and then the follow-up to that is, how should we think about how the second quarter could perform relative to normal seasonality? And what would you characterize normal seasonality as in this environment?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Good question. As we had said earlier in the call, we had a really strong acceleration of design wins that we've been working on for years in investment and started to really see that lift off in the back half of Q4 and resulted in a $200 million sequential gain, $100 million beat to consensus. So a lot of momentum there. And as we entered Q1, our current quarter, we continue to see that. We've got some great catalysts with the leading player in the market right now with some incredible technologies that are just being launched. The China market adopted a little bit earlier, and we've been shipping well to that ecosystem, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, also partnering up with MediaTek to try to get that full pie of opportunity across APAC and doing very well with that. So our factories there are humming. Our teams are executing. The inventories are really lean right now. We're shipping overnight in many cases with our customers. So that's kind of where we see it. So when we look at the March quarter, it's a little bit too early to give you a guide on that. But if you just look at where we are, a $200 million sequential. We guided up 10% for Q1. We feel pretty good about the position. We also recognized, and I think we've mentioned this earlier, but it's true. These are the early innings of 5G. This is really the first quarter or so where these technologies are available. In many cases, in the U.S., there's still some products that people want, can't get yet. And that's going to happen. So there's a lot more to go, and the complexity is going to continue to move up, and the opportunity is going to continue to move up. And the adoption rate, which is extremely low right now, is going to move higher and higher every year. So there's a lot to do in the future. And we feel like we put up some really good performance here now, but we have a lot more to go as we move into 2021.
Craig Ellis: Yes. That's really helpful, Liam. And I agree that we're in the very early innings. And the follow-up question relates to that. So broad markets is annualizing at $1 billion far faster than I thought. So good for you and the team. But with 5G smartphone units, I think based on most industry observer forecasts, likely to increase 2x in 2021 and then doing the same thing in 2022. Is it possible for broad markets to pull in either additional programs in existing end markets for new end markets with new programs or new customers so that it could keep pace and keep the same level of revenue contribution on a relative basis? Or over the next couple of years, would we expect mix to swing significantly towards integrated mobile?
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, that's a great question. And the numbers, this -- last quarter are actually 30% sequential on each, so we had some really good balance. And if you look at what the market is bringing to us now, there's a tremendous amount of WiFi opportunity, GPS opportunity. And still some cellular opportunity that is going into broad market. So I think you've got two distinct portfolios that share a common supply chain and often can share a common technology that we can drive to. So over the long term, we want to be the connectivity leader in any application. And we can take the application, whether it's a gaming headset or it's a cellular infrastructure or whether it's in defense or automotive. All of those end markets are really our targets for us. And we could certainly do better, but we are pleased with what we've been able to do in the last quarter or 2 and look forward to a great 2021.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking with you at upcoming conferences during the quarter. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call, and we thank you for participating.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Skyworks third fiscal quarter 2020 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include certain non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch and welcome, everyone. Before we discuss our Q3 results, I want to briefly comment on the COVID-19 pandemic, which continues to impact families, businesses and markets worldwide. I'd like to start by recognizing the tireless efforts of our talented Skyworks team, as we've rapidly adapted and responded to a new working environment. We've implemented rigorous protocols designed to protect the health and safety of our employees along with our valued customers and trusted partners. In parallel, we continue to deliver the vital connectivity solutions that people worldwide are depending upon to navigate the pandemic. Now we'll turn to an overview of our third quarter performance. Skyworks delivered results well above consensus in the June quarter, as our Sky5 platform gains traction powering innovation in 5G applications at the leading smartphone OEMs and increasingly across our IoT customers. For the third quarter, we reported revenue of $737 million nearly $50 million above our guidance. We achieved gross margin of 50.1% and operating margin of 31.3%. We posted earnings per share of $1.25 beating our guidance by $0.12. And we generated strong operating cash flow totaling $259 million in the quarter. Our momentum continues to improve reflecting on our execution across a rapidly evolving business landscape as well as the broadening adoption of 5G. A few data points highlight the growth of this critical technology. Globally, 5G subscriptions are continuing to grow with estimates approaching $3 billion over the next five years. 5G handset demand is accelerating across a diversified set of customers and geographies. In fact in China, during the month of June, approximately, 60% of all smartphones sold were 5G-enabled. And a new 3GPP standard was also released, validating the extension of 5G technology into IoT, V2X, multimedia broadcast and other services. Clearly, 5G along with other advanced wireless technologies such as Wi-Fi 6 and enhanced GPS are spawning new usage cases and fortifying the backbone of an expanding connected economy. During the quarter, we secured key design wins across numerous applications from the mobile phone to industrial IoT, automotive, cognitive audio, aerospace and defense. Specifically, in mobile, we are expanding our Sky5 platform across multiple flagship 5G models at Samsung, Motorola, Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi.  In addition, we are populating some of the highest performing 5G platforms that we'll be launching later this year. In IoT, we're enabling AT&T's tri-band gateways with our Wi-Fi 6 solutions; ramping indoor and outdoor access points at Aruba, Juniper and Linksys; powering integrated connectivity in Amazon and Ring security systems; launching voice assistant solutions and mesh routers at Google; and we're leveraging our 4x4 MIMO and Wi-Fi engines and premium sound bars at Sonos. In addition, we delivered new cognitive wireless audio solutions powering the leading gaming headsets.  Now moving to the industrial space. We are supporting IoT platforms at Bosch and Gemalto and leveraging our GPS circulator in advanced filter solutions at leading aerospace and defense companies. And in automotive, we're capturing new designs with Sky5 at BMW, Ford and other leading manufacturers. These wins demonstrate our market leadership, underpinned by a diverse and growing set of critical technologies, resolving increasingly complex architectures and preparing our customers for the performance gains demanded in 5G.  During the pandemic, we have witnessed a sharp inflection in the usage case of our core technology, enabling a variety of work-from-home applications, online learning and education, media and gaming, at-home fitness safe telemedicine and a sustainable shift to touchless commerce. Given this increased demand for high-speed data consumption, networks are being taxed as never before.  To illustrate how the pressure on the network is intensifying, on a typical day in just one second, there are 96000 gigabytes of Internet traffic, 85000 videos watched on YouTube, 84000 Google searches and 5000 Skype calls.  Now more than ever always-on connectivity is paramount creating a compelling market opportunity for Skyworks' proven solutions. Whether it's Zoom Teams, FaceTime, Telemedicine or Touchless home delivery at Skyworks our commitment is to make these connections seamless and efficient.  Looking forward, we are not bounded by handset volumes, as our reach continues to expand across the IoT space enabling a wide range of industries applications and customers, all benefiting from the performance and utility of our solutions.  In short, our unique technologies have never been more valuable, essential and critical. With an expanding opportunity set, emerging in ways that we have never imagined.  With that I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q3 and our Q4 outlook.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2020 was $737 million, which is $47 million higher than the midpoint of the guidance coming into Q3. Revenue was down 4% year-over-year. However, excluding Huawei-related revenue in both Q3 of fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020, revenue was up 2.5% year-over-year, despite the negative impact from COVID-19. Gross profit in the third quarter was $369 million, resulting in a gross margin of 50.1%. Operating expenses were $139 million, up slightly year-over-year as we continue to prudently manage OpEx, while making the necessary investments in research and development to accelerate future growth of our business. We generated $230 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 31.3%. We had $2.3 million of other expenses, mainly driven by ForEx losses. And our effective tax rate was 7.5%, driving net income of $211 million or $1.25 of diluted earnings per share which is $0.12 above the midpoint of the guidance. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Third fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $259 million. Capital expenditures were $72 million, resulting in $187 million of free cash flow. On a trailing 12-month basis, our free cash flow margin is 32%. We paid $73 million in dividends and repurchased approximately 670,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $87.42 for a total of $59 million. During the first three quarters of fiscal 2020, we have repurchased 4.6 million shares. And during the last 12 months, we have returned 84% of the free cash flow back to the shareholders through a combination of dividends and share buybacks. We ended the third fiscal quarter with cash and investments of $1.2 billion and we have no debt. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q4. We expect double-digit sequential revenue and earnings per share growth, driven by the strong demand for our market-leading solutions. Specifically, we anticipate revenue to be between $830 million and $850 million. We expect gross margin in the range of 50% to 50.5% and operating expenses of approximately $142.5 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $1 million in other income and a tax rate of 9.5%. We expect our diluted share count to further reduce to approximately 168 million shares. Accordingly at the midpoint of the revenue range, we expect to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.51. Lastly, given our confidence in Skyworks' strategic outlook and strong cash flow generation, we announced a 14% raise to our quarterly dividend to $0.50 per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. With 5G gaining traction, we are now at the cusp of a multiyear upgrade cycle, one in which Skyworks is uniquely positioned to outperform. Our Sky5 platform provides tremendous flexibility to our customers, purpose-built to be baseband agnostic, while powering the most innovative 5G handsets. In addition, these same 5G solutions are now expanding across industrial and automotive applications. And as complexity intensifies, we are aggressively adding to our enabling technologies, with ongoing investments in both TC-SAW and Bulk Acoustic Wave filtering. In fact, we just exceeded shipments of 150 million BAW-enabled modules and we see strong momentum for this technology in both mobile and broad markets. Our proven ability to advance key connectivity protocols, delivering higher speeds and lower latency, across 3G, 4G and now 5G, positions us well to capitalize on rapidly evolving market opportunities. Indeed our mission of connecting everyone and everything all the time has never been more relevant. Finally, the strength of our balance sheet and cash generation capabilities allow us to accelerate the investments that fuel long-term profitable growth while enabling Skyworks to deliver premium returns for our stockholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of Montreal – or America, sorry. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. Yes, Bank of America. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations Liam and Kris on the strong results and execution. Liam, I'm curious what drove the $50 million-or-so upside in the quarter – in the June quarter and what's driving the strength in September? I asked that because a few weeks ago one of your competitors had mentioned the possibility of a delay in one of the flagship 5G phone. So I was wondering, if you were impacted by that or by any potential kind of supply-related or trade tension-related pull-ins by any Chinese customer. So just give us a sense for what the upside kind of tells us about the true state of demand and your progress with customers?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, the upside came from a number of opportunities that we're able to execute upon largely the launch – the initial launch of 5G products much through China with some of our partners that we mentioned; Samsung, Oppo, Vivo and others. We also had some nice penetration in our Wi-Fi portfolio. Our Wi-Fi 6 launches, they were beneficial to us. But there was still a great opportunity in core mobile to grow. We did have to combat some supply chain issues to be fair but we started to improve through the quarter with acceleration through the last month of the quarter that's now propelling us into Q4. So we're very comfortable with where we are right now. I think the team did a good job. Still navigating the COVID-19 headwinds for sure but executing well through our factories and delivering what our customers need.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up does – how should we think about then seasonality going into December? Because I imagine that this year is perhaps more special because there are these big 5G ramps but there is also all the disruptions because of COVID and the macro headwinds because of COVID. So how should we think about your December quarter seasonality given all these puts and takes?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Now, obviously, today we guided our Q4 quarter. But as we start to think about December, based on the traction that we're working and the demand for this 5G technology, which is still just tremendous, we think that the December quarter should be strong for us. And that will come across with a number of customers but we have some really powerful design wins that we've created. We talk a lot about content reach here at Skyworks, and I think you're going to see that when you look at some of the new launches that will happen at the end of the year. So we're very well positioned for it. As we've always talked about complexity is our friend. The technology bar is high. That's exactly what we want to see and we'll be able to demonstrate that through 5G handsets here in the second half for sure.
Vivek Arya: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong results. I guess my first question is on broad markets. Kris, if you can help out by sort of sharing what percentage of revenue came from the broad markets business in the quarter. And I guess more importantly, Liam, you talked about a number of businesses within broad markets and kind of the design wins there. But what were some of the key drivers in Q2, and if you were to highlight one or two perhaps? And what's the outlook into September in broad markets?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. So broad markets revenue in the June quarter was approximately 31% of total revenue. As a result of that, a broad market was approximately flat on a sequential basis, compared to the March quarter there. Looking forward, into the September quarter, we do see an acceleration of the business there. And we do expect in the September quarter, our broad markets to be up double-digits on a sequential basis.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, Toshi. And just a little bit of color on customers and design wins. A lot of new customers brought under our umbrella here this last quarter, more design wins with names like Sonos, did some really good work with AT&T on gateways, design wins at Honeywell, infrastructure designs with Ericsson and Fujitsu. So a very broad reach of broad markets and then also, our audio portfolio is starting to gain some momentum here and we've got some great wins with cognitive audio in some of the gaming platforms. So, a pretty diverse portfolio in broad, there's a lot more we can do on the top line. We're going to be up strong in Q4 in broad markets. And the customer roster continues to grow.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you for that. And then a quick follow-up on BAW, you talked about exceeding the 150 million mark recently. I think a couple of months ago you put out a press release, on passing 100 million. So you're clearly seeing good momentum there. Curious, what are some of the key applications where you're seeing the ramps at your customers? And for context I was hoping you could provide, roughly what percentage of your business today is BAW? I imagine it's still pretty small at this point, but if you can kind of share, how big or how small at this point BAW is that would be helpful. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Well the way that we look at our technologies, filters of any kind, whether it's TC-SAW or Bulk Acoustic Wave, they're going to be enabling technologies that will go into a system solution like a Sky5. So we're addressing that right now. There were times where we were procuring that with third parties or actually trying to develop solutions with a different technology node to try to compete with BAW. Now we have it in-house. Now we have it within our own factories. It gives us a great deal of flexibility. Certainly in the cellular world, our reach extends with Bulk Acoustic Wave technologies. We've got design wins in ultra-high band pads. We've got some design wins in other areas. And again, it's -- 150 million units is great, but there's so much more market share out there for us to go get. So it's early innings. I'm happy with the team's progress. We've invested in the technologies, deliberately and carefully over the years to be ready for this. And I think the team is accelerating really well. We've got a lot of traction with customers, a lot of interest. And that design win pipeline should fortify here over the next 6 months to 12 months.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Liam, just a follow-up on that on BAW. Can you just talk about today kind of positioning within the receive pass versus transmit path? And maybe how that evolves for you kind of over time in the next few years?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Craig. Well, I mean the application for BAW can be in many different segments, we can go UHB, we can go mid-band, high band. We're actually – we actually BAW opportunities in our Wi-Fi modules as well. So there's a lot of growth that we can capture. Now, certainly some segments are more challenging than others. But when you start to look at 5G you've also – you're also dealing in 5G with a TDD, time division duplexing, which does create some unique opportunities for BAW and for our technology. So we'll see some growth there of technologies that have been in handsets, and then new technologies that are 5G only, we can capture with BAW. And then we can also deploy the technology in other markets like I said, Wi-Fi and some other adjacent markets. So it's a great technology that have under our roof. As I said, we've been cultivating it for a long time. We understand the mechanisms. We understand what filters belong, and what frequencies, and what spectrum. But you should expect more from us, and we'll continue to update you.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up just since it's been a little while since you completed the Avnera acquisition in broad markets. Would love to get an update on just how that's performing. What being part of Skyworks has helped in terms of perhaps your scale and reach and just any update there?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Great question. Well, we had a really exciting, I'd say six months here with Avnera and the acceleration of the technology has been incredible. We're seeing some great lift now in products like gaming headsets, high-performance audio. We're moving to technologies now that have not only just audio itself, but really the voice synthesizing, right? Thinking about voice as an interface is a very, very powerful thing. Looking at what we're dealing with the pandemic and touchless commerce, and touchless transactions, some really good stuff. So having said all that, our momentum has accelerated. We don't have BU by BU, we basically don't report by segment on BUs. But we have a really strong portfolio in the AIS business what we call AIS. And it's been – this last quarter was our -- the best quarter we've had so far, and we expect that to continue to grow over the next several quarters, but really good momentum there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hello, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and nice growth. Liam, I'm curious this latest restriction on Huawei does seem like has some teeth and I think they're going to shift to emerging solutions. I'm just kind of curious, what you've seen either – I think maybe update us I think Huawei is very small for you. Is there any opportunities I guess with them? And then as we look out maybe the box could gain some share. Have you seen anything change in terms of positioning once that restriction happens?
Liam Griffin: Yeah, Blayne, it's still an interesting dynamic. On one hand the exposure that, we have has really come down quite a bit. So as a result of the trade ban, our revenues with Huawei have come down not at zero, but they have come down. We've been able to offset that with more position here increasing position with the European players, the Nokias, the Ericssons, even Fujitsu on infrastructure. Most of the Huawei business for us is on the infrastructure side. So it has been a headwind and – but at the same time, we've been able to do quite well with other players in China, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi. Again, we continue on the infrastructure side to diversify with Ericsson and Nokia. And I would say that, the worst is behind us right now with respect to Huawei. They certainly were a large customer for us, but it's been slowly coming down and we've been able to offset that with design wins in other markets in adjacent spaces. So I think we've weathered that storm, but it had been -- has been a bit of a headwind, but it's been abating.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. And then maybe another question on Android. Just curious to your perspective on the trajectory of the market. You mentioned 60% 5G. I think it's been coming at the expense of 4G. I do think there are mid-range phones coming later in the year. I'm just kind of curious as you look to the back half of the year, your perspective on the overall handset market. Obviously, 5G content is good for you either way. I'm just kind of curious to your perspective as to whether you see this market reaccelerating in the back half.
Liam Griffin: Yes. You're right. I mean, 5G is going to be an inflection for all segments. So, obviously at the highest end, we're going to have the most complex technology and the richest level of content. But if you think about it on a relative basis, many of the opportunities that we have in China and even at Samsung, the return on the content is significant. So you could be looking at platforms that in a 4G world may be offered $4 to $5 for us, in a 5G world it could be $8 to $10 or even $15. So, on a relative basis, there's more of a pop-up in some of the mid- and lower-end platforms than they may be in the larger ones. Now the large ones, of course, can have more units and give you a little bit more dense, but we've done quite well with populating the China brands. We're doing much better at Samsung right now, because we've set our sights on the high-performing technologies the 5G solutions and kind of really stepped a little bit away from 3G and 4G there and that's worked out great for us. It gives us a chance to really demonstrate the technology prowess that we bring. So we're going to have a nice combination in that area, but I think now it's kind of meshing together. And one of the things that we do well as a supplier is just to create the right solution for the right customer. So a Sky5 engine for one customer may be very different than what we do with someone in China or somewhere in Korea.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. I wonder if you could give a little more granularity about what you're talking about with regard to Sky5 and where you're seeing traction on that. And given that that Sky5 is a higher-end product where you'd be competing a little more against Qualcomm modems where obviously they're trying to get their RF there, how that's helping you to compete against Qualcomm's own RF solution?
Liam Griffin: Yes, Chris. I think one of the things to remember and I know you've been following this for a long time is that the technology inflections have always been a challenge. 2G to 3G was years ago, but that was a challenge. 3G to 4G was much harder. But the leap from 4G to 5G is really significant and I think anyone in this industry would agree with that. And so one of the things that has allowed us and positioned us to be ready and at the precipice of all this is that we've been working on these markets for years. This has been our bread and butter. Working in wireless technologies, cultivating and crafting the right enabling solutions bringing in our own TC-SAW, bringing in our Bulk Acoustic Wave, leveraging our own gallium arsenide in Boston and L.A. we're crafting this stuff. So when we go in, we call it Sky5, but that Sky5 could have eight to 10 permutations depending upon the customer need, depending upon the baseband. So we want our products to be baseband agnostic. They can work with Qualcomm, they'll work with MediaTek whoever. And that's an important thread for us. So I think that's what makes us unique. And there's some great solutions out there point solutions, but what we've been seeing is our customers want to pick the very, very best solutions and create their own architectures, and really not just run off of a baseband reference design. So, that's the way we see it. We understand the complexity in 5G. It's more than just the product itself. It's the people engagement. It's the FAE engagement ensuring that the know-how that we have at Skyworks can transfer over to our customers and put them in position to win.
Chris Caso: Thank you. For a follow-up, I guess the question on use of cash and Liam how you’re positioning the company over the next few years. And you're starting to see the fruits of the 5G cycle. It sounds like you guys are really confident in your ability to generate cash from that. How are you going to use that cash, and sort of position the company beyond this cycle? This historically runs a couple of years. And what are you thinking after this? What's the sort of longer-term plan beyond this 5G cycle?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. So, first of all, I think we're very well positioned from a balance sheet point of view. We have $1.2 billion of cash, no debt. And we will continue to generate a lot of cash despite the fact that we make major investments advancing the technology. We will continue to invest in R&D. As you can see in our operating expense level, we will continue to invest in our factories as well with our CapEx, which is running on or about 10% to revenue. Most of the cash that's being generated is being returned back to the shareholders, a combination of our dividend program. And we've just increased our dividend by 14% as well, of course, as continue to be active from our share buyback program. But, yes, we are continuing to make major investments, advancing the technology on all the levels in our power amplifiers, our filter business, TC-SAW and more and more so BAW as well as driving those complex integrated solutions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the question. This is Seth on for Tim. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the gross margin. It seems to have come in a bit lighter than we would have expected at these revenue levels, if there's anything additional to call out there?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. First of all, I'm pleased with the gross margin performance in the June quarter. We did 50.1%. We guided on or about 50%. So, we beat that just by 10 basis points. And so, we just guided September to be up sequentially into the 50% to 50.5% range. So making some good traction at improving the gross margins, part of that is, of course, driven by a richer mix with more 5G products into our overall mix. There is a little bit of a headwind as a result of COVID-19. There is some disruption in the supply chain, logistic costs as well as in our own factories. But, we'll continue to work that, and I assume that over time that headwind will go away as well. And then, we will continue -- as we grow the top line, as we continue to execute on our cost reduction actions, as we see more and more 5G, as the overall mix, we will continue to make further improvements on the gross margin towards our target of 53%.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And just as a follow-up. I was wondering you gave some good color on China smartphones. I was just wondering, if you could give us maybe a little bit more color on how the revenue kind of trended in June, percent of revenue or any other details. And kind of what the demand looks like specifically from China going forward. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So, China, overall China revenue is approximately 23% of total revenue. Mostly of that is Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi. There's very little Huawei left. And then, of course, some other smaller Chinese customers. As Liam indicated before, 5G is really kicking off in China. And so, we have great relationship with those customers. There is a big step-up in content in those 5G phones compared to the 4G phones. And as a result of that, our revenues with the Chinese players is up on a year-over-year basis and is expected to further accelerate strongly into the September quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Liam 150 million BAW-enabled modules, which is very good. The BAW on those modules, is that all manufactured by Skyworks? Or do you still source from other suppliers, as it make sense for your manufacturing plan? And given your discussion of 5G, it sounds like a lot of that would be coexist and receive side filters, which is right up your power alley, have you started shipping production shipments out of BAW duplexers? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well the good news that, it is all organic under our roof now. So we've been working on this for quite a while. Team’s been doing a great job. We've got some great technologists working, not only in the labs, but also in the factories, to get this right. So that technology is still early innings. 150 million units is great, but you and I both know that these are -- there's 1 billion units out there to be captured. So we're -- still a long way to go, but the technology looks good right now. And it's been endorsed by some really important customers, so that's good. And the second part of your question is also true. So we're leveraging not only BAW on the transmit side, but the diversity receive technology is equally important in bringing downlink speeds up. So we're going to be able to populate both ends with Bulk Acoustic Wave. So we're really looking forward to executing there. And we've got some great traction now and we're going to be seeking out more customers as we move forward.
Edward Snyder: But most of that is on the receive side, given your strength in DRx, right? And then -- 
Liam Griffin: Yes, it is, today. But I think we're going to broaden that reach and start to also look at TX chain add and I think we have some design wins with customers there too. But the lion's share of the print today has been on the DRx side, but we certainly can take that technology and drive it in the transmit chain. We've got customers that want us there as well. And with our Sky5 solution, we can create some really unique highly performing engines that make it very simple for our customer to use in a 5G spectrum. So, it's going to be a really important technology for us. And, as I said, early indications are strong.
Edward Snyder: But isn't it the case that the transmit is coming to you, rather than you going to transmit? Given what's going on in the 5G, especially with China mobile and the dual connectivity they're looking at, it sounds like transmit is starting to show up in the DRx section, which would actually make it much easier for you guys to address kind of a BAW duplex without trying to go head-to-head with Avago or Corvil.
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, no, you're right on that. That's correct. That is correct. So that's going to create another door for us to drive technology as well. Yes, with some of the partitioning that we see in those 5G solutions, there is some unique opportunities that are opening up as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. At the risk of being accused of asking you guys a softball question, I wanted to ask about your relative performance on the mobile unit versus the market. So if my math serves me correct your -- you drove 2% year-over-year growth in the first half of calendar year 2020 and that's against the backdrop of maybe a 20% unit decline in the mobile handset units. Can you in rank order sort of walk us through, how you've been able to manage so well against a tough market and in particular with respect to share gains and content growth?
Liam Griffin: Sure. That's a great question. So I'll try to go high level and maybe get a little more detailed as we go through it. So I think the underpinning catalyst for growth here is the 5G inflection and it's really -- that's the genesis of this. So what you get there is, if you look back 2018 and early 2019 everybody's phone was either; 2G, 3G or 4G. 5G just didn't exist, right? The technologies were being readied. They were almost to market but they hadn't yet launched. So the initial stages of 5G launch now are starting to show up. They showed up in our Q3 and they're going to show up strong in Q4. And so with that we have known content -- known content customizable stuff that we created specifically for 5G that we'll start laying in to these platforms. And the 5G additive is incremental to what you already have. So you already have a 4G phone that has whatever the content you want to call it $8 or $9 in print maybe $15. And then you add 5G as an incremental engine on top of the 4G engine. So that's really important. So it's you're going to have a device now in 5G that still carries 3G, it carries 4G and then carries the incremental high-complexity, high-performing 5G engine. So that's a big deal. And we are still very early in this cycle. This is very early. Some of the most compelling platforms have not yet launched and we know that they will. So we have a lot to look forward there. So that's one of the most important things. When we think about how that growth profile looks, we cited a few stats that said, look over the next five years we could have three billion subscribers, carrying 5G technology. Today that number is really low. It's in a couple of hundred million units. So there's really much to do in capturing the opportunity in 5G. And in addition to the handset there's great usage cases now in IoT and some of the other markets that we've seen. The work-from-home markets are showing a need for much faster technology that could be delivered with 5G or Wi-Fi 6. So some really interesting themes that are coming together right now at this time that can propel our business significantly.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Appreciate that. As my follow-up question I wanted to ask about the emergence of the mid-tier price point in China. So China has been great in the first half of the year perhaps driving 250 million, 5G units in 2020 globally. But I'm curious to know your relative positioning as the midyear portion of the 5G market in China opens up and how that compares to where you're positioned at the same sort of price tier in 4G?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean so we have had a very good reputation and position with the players in China the; Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi names for the most part and have done very well and had a great partnership. We've been able to leverage our 4G solutions extremely well. And when we get into 5G one of the things that really is unique for Skyworks is that, the breadth of our technology and the knowledge base that our team has in developing these solutions we become a really good partner for the China brands to launch these technologies. 5G is very difficult. I said it already. But having a partnership with Skyworks, not just on the hardware but actually on the FAE side, the people side to get these products to market and get them to launch. We've been great at that and it's allowed us to really line up and be very close to the names that matter. So we think there's a great opportunity in China. It's already happening now. But there's still -- as I said, if you look at total units globally and where units could be in five years there's a huge upside.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley FBR. Your line is open.
Craig Ellis: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question, and nice job on the execution guys. Liam, I wanted to go back and just understand the BAW module business a little bit better. So it looks like shipments were up about 50% in the last quarter we're at 150 million. But from the press release, it looks like you're shipping BAW modules on both integrated mobile and broad markets. So can you give us some sense for how that splits out now? And as you ramp BAW module significantly over the next four to six quarters, how does that split play out? We've got the huge units in integrated mobile, but ultimately IoT units in broad markets will be even bigger. So how do you see that playing out intermediate to long-term?
Liam Griffin: Yeah. Yeah. No that's a good question. So right now for the most part, we're probably 80% 5G mobile with our Bulk Acoustic Wave solutions. And again those solutions are integrated in Sky5. We are seeing a growing opportunity in technologies like Wi-Fi. We're using filtering within our integrated Wi-Fi solution, it creates a great technical performance. So that's an opportunity. But I will say that, if you think about the number of units that we produce just as a statistic that we've said before, we manufacture about eight billion TC-SAW filters a year, about eight billion. And our BAW modules, we're doing great. We did 150 million. There could be more than two filters in the device potentially. But the difference between where we are in technologies like TC-SAW and where we are in BAW it's incredible the opportunity that we're going to have. We're still crafting the technology. We're happy with what we've done so far, but there's just so much more to go. So there's going to be a clear line of sight in mobile, because the mobile device print today has BAW right, and if there are sockets that are there right now that we could address. As we move into IoT in some of the broad markets, it will be a kind of a teachable performance for us. We're going to basically try to power some of these solutions that maybe weren't wireless before. Maybe they were wired and we try to create technologies that will unwire them. Maybe we do more in Wi-Fi leveraging Bulk Acoustic Wave. So it's going to be much more individual market specific solutions that will go to the IoT space. But then back in mobile, which we know so well and we're under the hood with every customer those opportunities we can see directly today and it's on us to go out and capture it.
Craig Ellis: That's really helpful. Then the follow-up question is related to both the near-term that you're seeing and then longer term. So clearly the business is growing very robustly right now and you've got very strong guidance for the September quarter and you're seeing very good trends seasonally in the December quarter. The question is this as we look at the longer term performance of the business before industry ran into trade and entity list and COVID Buzzsaw's, yours was a business that could do $1 billion plus per quarter. As you look at your pipeline and your design wins that at this point should be extending well into next year, do you feel like you're starting to get the visibility for when the business can get back to that $1 billion a quarter level? Or is that really going to come to you as you work through things in the first half of next year? Thanks Liam.
Liam Griffin: Yeah. No that's a great point and we were, there right? We know how to play at the $1 billion a quarter level. And certainly the opportunity in front of us I think is actually much more favorable and conducive to what we do now than it was three years ago. And I say it because these technologies that we've been talking about are really difficult. 5G is hard to do -- really hard to do. And you have to have great people with experience but you also have the -- you have to have the technologies. It's not a fabless play. You've got to craft the stuff. So, I think the fact that we're going into an inflection that requires daunting technological performance from your factory, to your FAEs, right to the customers' installation that's going to play well for us. That's going to play well. And we wouldn't be where we are if we didn't put the 20 years of work into this technology, years and years of work. And now that work is starting to really flow in the right direction for us. So, we're looking forward to that. And I think over time that the revenue is going to take care of itself if we just continue to knock out the design wins. We know the content has been increasing. And the other thing is I talked about it in the prepared remarks, the usage cases around connectivity right now are really important. And I don't think this is going to go away when we hopefully clear this pandemic. I think there's going to be some lasting behavior around connectivity and wireless performance and it's going to be used by the masses. So, we really -- that's something that we weren't thinking about a year or two ago, but we're starting to see that now as a new theme around our portfolio and it's something that could be quite positive for Skyworks.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Hey, good afternoon gentlemen. I appreciate you letting me ask a question. I wanted to focus first on just kind of the near-term. What sort of visibility do you have into orders for the second half? I ask because while production plans seem extremely strong, I think there's some investor consternation that improving production plans may fall on weaker consumer demand over the next several quarters in the context of just the challenges we've been seeing with COVID-19. So, I guess how do you handicap that in the context of your inventory depletion and gross margin expectations over the next several quarters?
Liam Griffin: Yes. So, we have very good visibility of -- into demand right now and we don't take that lightly all. I mean we understand the volatility that we've all seen with the COVID situation and we continue to see it. But we have a very strong backlog position right now with some core technologies. We have to go ahead and execute all that. But it is -- looking at where we are now and looking at other periods of time, we're in a very good position to execute through the second half of the year. I'll let Kris talk a little bit more about the inventory situation.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. No, I feel very comfortable where the inventory level is right now given that we just guided a very strong sequential growth into September and we are -- and we expect further strong sequential growth into the December quarter. We have been loading our factories in order to drive maximum usage of our capital equipment and then trying to minimize our capital expenditures and so most of the inventory that we have is based on backlog and firm orders that we have on the books. So, there is very little risk for E&O. And so I feel really good about where we are from an inventory point of view and being able to serve our customers as the business continue to grow in September and December.
Karl Ackerman: Great. And for my follow-up if I may you are baseband agnostic, but I'd love to hear your thoughts on the growing opportunity -- content opportunity at MediaTek that would seem to be a healthy driver for you targeting low to mid-tier 5G handsets over the next year or two? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. I agree. MediaTek is one of the key players for us in the baseband agnostic world. We're doing a lot of good work there. We've got great performance on a number of their new platforms. And as you know they're a great feeder system into China and even other emerging markets. So we've got -- some of our platforms are $6 to $8 in MediaTek right now that are growing. We've done a great job with them in 4G and we're now helping them in 5G. We've got -- not only do we have transmit chain, but we have some really good DRx receive side technology that we talked about on a different question. And their volumes are starting to pick up in 5G. So MediaTek, they've been around for a while, but they're starting to really emerge again as a leader in the emerging markets and in the China landscape. So they're supporting a lot of the names that we talked about Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi. Very often you have that MediaTek baseband inside those solutions and we have a great alignment with the MediaTek baseband as well. So they've been a great partner for us and we see momentum on their end.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Sheryl. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2020 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our Company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Before we begin the overview of the business and our Q2 results, I wanted to provide an update on the COVID-19 outbreak, impacting individuals, companies, governments and markets across the globe. Our thoughts are with the millions who have suffered the effects of this global pandemic. At Skyworks, we are deeply engaged with our own employees, a team of more than 9,000 deployed across the globe. Since the crisis began, we have taken early and aggressive actions to protect our people. We've implemented multiple safety protocols, including social distancing, daily temperature testing, and heightened sanitation standards. In addition, we initiated rotating shifts at our global manufacturing sites. The implementation of these protective measures has collectively allowed Skyworks to better safeguard employee health, while simultaneously supporting our business and manufacturing sites worldwide. Finally, an update on the temporary suspension of activity in our Mexicali facility. After working in close collaboration with state and local officials in Mexico, we were given permission to resume operations last week. Assuming no further interruptions, we do not expect the temporary suspension to have a significant impact on our business going forward. Now, looking at the second quarter in more detail. We reported revenue of $766 million, in line with our revised guidance. We produced gross margin of 50.2% and operating margin of 32.5%. We posted earnings per share of $1.34, and we generated strong operating cash flow, totaling $280 million in the quarter. Further, our design win momentum reflects our execution across a rapidly evolving business environment, one in which our wireless technologies are playing an essential and critical role. We are enabling markets from telemedicine to emergency response, remote work, online education, real time security, streaming entertainment and safe store-to-door food delivery. Our mission of connecting everyone and everything all the time has never been more relevant. During this time of social distancing and decreased travel, the technology Skyworks provides has become a primary means of connecting people all over the world. The rollout and adoption of 5G and other advanced wireless technologies, such as Wi-Fi 6 and Enhanced GPS have become the pillars in support of the vast connected economy. Skyworks is proud to play an integral role in making these vital technologies and essential connections a reality. During the March quarter, we expanded our engagement with leading customers, securing key design wins across numerous applications from the mobile phone to wireless infrastructure, IoT, automotive, machine to machine and medical applications. In mobile, we are leveraging our Sky5 platform across multiple flagship 5G launches, including Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and other Tier 1 players. And expanding our technology reach across our customized Diversity Receive platforms with new 5G centric solutions, driving sharp gains and design win count. In IoT, we are supporting high performance 5G and Wi-Fi-enabled tablets specifically developed for health, safety and telemedicine applications. Across mobile operators, we are powering 5G hotspots with Verizon and AT&T, supporting the expanding work-from-home trend. We're extending our market leadership in Wi-Fi 6 with home and enterprise gateways at Cisco. We're enabling home security applications at Honeywell and ramping remote patient monitoring systems with GE. We're also launching asset tracking and fleet management solutions with Juniper and Blackberry. Moving to the infrastructure space. We're supporting 5G Massive MIMO and small cell base station deployments across the U.S., Europe and Japan. And in automotive, we're accelerating connectivity content with leading brands including Volkswagen, Renault, Hyundai, and Nissan.  These highlights demonstrate our technology leadership underpinned by a diverse and growing set of critical product categories, resolving increasingly complex architectures and preparing our customers for the performance gains demanded in 5G. In these unprecedented times, our existing technologies and connectivity protocols are processing extraordinarily high data traffic. This explosion in data consumption is taxing networks with real time video, high speed processing, streaming content, and a long list of critical services, all dependent upon seamless, reliable and ubiquitous connectivity. To illustrate how the pressure on the network capacity is intensifying. Just over the last few months, we've seen visits to Amazon website rise more than 30% year-over-year, Zoom Video Conferencing passing a milestone of 300 million daily participants, Microsoft Teams platform logging a single day record of 2.7 billion minutes. And now, with 5G just beginning to launch, the average user today is still working with legacy technologies, showing system weakness in this high data demand environment. Clearly, more than ever, always on connectivity is paramount. Skyworks and our partners in the mobile and wireless ecosystems are anticipating and accelerating the development and delivery of much needed cutting edge technologies led by 5G, Wi-Fi 6, Enhanced GPS and other networking protocols. As Skyworks and the world navigate this challenging environment, our focus will continue to ensure streamlined, high-speed connectivity, delivering a path for reliable, constant and safe communication, reaching all of our customers and their varied applications. With that, I will turn the call over to Chris for a discussion of Q2 and our outlook for Q3.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2020 was $766 million, in line with the March 4 updated outlook, where we reduced our revenue guidance for the COVID-19 impact by approximately $45 million. At $766 million, revenue is down 5% year-over-year. However, excluding Huawei-related revenue in both Q2 of fiscal '19 and fiscal '20, revenue is up 4% year-over-year, despite the negative impact from COVID-19. Gross profit in the second quarter was $384 million, resulting in a gross margin of 50.2%. Operating expenses were $135 million, flat year-over-year, as we continue to prudently manage OpEx while making the necessary investments to accelerate future growth of the business. We generated $249 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 32.5%. Other income was $4.5 million, and our effective tax rate was 9.4%, driving net income of $230 million or $1.34 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Second fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $280 million and capital expenditures were $60 million, resulting in $220 million of free cash flow on $766 million of revenue, translating into a strong free cash flow margin of 29%. We paid $75 million in dividends and repurchased 3.2 million shares of our common stock for a total of $284 million. During the last 12 months, we have returned 92% of the free cash flow back to the shareholders through a combination of dividends and share buybacks. We ended the second fiscal quarter with cash and investments of $1.1 billion, and we have no debt. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q3 of fiscal 2020. Given the supply chain and demand disruptions associated with COVID-19, visibility is limited for the June quarter, resulting in a wider revenue range compared to prior quarter. For the third fiscal quarter of 2020, we anticipate revenue to be between $670 million and $710 million. We expect gross margin to be approximately 50% and operating expenses flat with Q2 at approximately $135.5 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $2.5 million and other income and a tax rate of 9.5%. We expect our diluted share count to further reduce to approximately 170 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.13. Lastly, I would like to highlight that the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.44 per share for Q3, and we intend to continue with our share repurchase program. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Despite the macro headwinds, Skyworks remains uniquely positioned as a market leader in the most important sectors in technology, capitalizing on our strength in 5G and other advanced wireless protocols. We have made the critical investments in human capital, intellectual property and manufacturing scale to usher in a new era of ubiquitous connectivity. Our relentless focus on solving our customers' most challenging problems positions our partners to win by resolving complexity and advancing user experience. Skyworks’ customer first philosophy drives our product roadmaps, where we leverage unique, customized, system-based solutions, purpose built to offer interoperability, unprecedented levels of performance. Powered by the strength of our balance sheet and our cash generation capabilities, we are funding the investments that drive sustainable growth, differentiating Skyworks as both the leading technology innovator and a strong provider of consistent cash returns to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Vivek, your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I actually had two, one on the June quarter, and then second on the calendar second half expectations. So, Liam on the June quarter, I was hoping you could give us some more color. I know it's a little early, visibility is limited. But, how have bookings played out so far? If you could give us some color by geography and mobile versus broad markets. And there's some glimmers that China might be recovering. Have you seen that in your business? Just some more color around what you have seen so far in your June quarter?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Vivek. Absolutely. Well, we have seen coming through the March period and then moving into April, we are starting to see some improvement in the demand profile. So, obviously, we weathered some very bumpy seas here in the early part of the year, the whole industry. But, our ability to continue to drive design wins, and some of the design wins that we consummated earlier and at the end of the end of 2019 started to pick up a bit. So, we were seeing a pretty rough period here, coming through the end of March, but things have gotten -- improved, I would say, quite a bit, as we've gotten into the first month of our June quarter. And we do expect -- again, there is some visibility issues out there, but we feel very confident about the range we put out on the June quarter. And we feel very good about the bottom end of that range. And we certainly feel like there's a potential for us to go much higher.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then, Liam, on the second half, how are you thinking about the seasonal ramps? Because what we have heard from some of your peers in the mobile supply chain is that overall phone volumes are lower, but the 5G unit expectations are kind of hanging in there around the 170 million to 200 million unit number for this calendar year. Is that consistent with what you're hearing? Just in general, how should we think about your seasonal ramp going into September, right, which tends to be your strongest sequential growth quarter? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes, great question. So, a couple of things. We have high conviction and are really happy with the design win positions we have going into the second half of the year. It is really about timing, Vivek, it really is. We think the appetite from the consumer is very, very high. There were supply chain issues earlier in the year for everybody. And I think once those supply chain issues resolve, and they are resolving, the consumer then has an opportunity to capture that demand with high end products. So, we have very good position with the leading players both in the U.S. and abroad. And we do believe that the second half calendar year and Q4 for us are going to be much stronger than what you see in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Kris and Liam, I just wanted to get a better sense for your operating plan. How are you modifying it in light of what you're seeing in COVID? And specifically, how should we be thinking about OpEx beyond the quarter, CapEx, as well as capital allocation? Are you going to with your share buyback? So, I just wanted more color on those. And I had a follow-up.
Kris Sennesael: We are not changing our operating plan. And of course, we are going to continue to drive the top-line growth. And as Liam just pointed out, we see a lot of strength especially in -- or we expect a lot of strength, especially in the second half of the calendar year. We are holding our margins above 50%. And as the business starts growing, we will see back improvements from a gross margin point of view. From an OpEx point of view, as you know, we are running a very lean ship. We will continue to do so. We will continue to manage that. There is some discretionary spending, reductions that we are putting in place. But, at the same time, we will continue to make the necessary investments in R&D and sales and marketing to support our customers and to support the growth in the second half there as well. From a capital allocation, very similar, we will continue with our CapEx plan. We will continue to manage that. So, where we can see and possibly make some reductions, we will not hesitate to do that. But, keep in mind that most of the CapEx is driven by technology, new technology and filter, the BAW filter, very complex assembly and test new technologies. And we will make those investments to support 5G ramps and so on. And then, last but not least, as we indicated, we will return most of our cash -- free cash flow back to the shareholder, combination of our dividend program, as well as continue to execute on our share buyback program.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, sounds good. Sounds like you're very confident about at least things that you can control, in light of what we're seeing. I had very quick follow-up on the inventory days. Days went up a lot. We were expecting March in absolute dollars to go up. Is there a risk of obsolescence on the inventories side?
Kris Sennesael: No. So, from an inventory point of view, we are running slightly higher than normal. We actually increased inventory in the March quarter with $44 million and days of inventory is now at 165 days, which is slightly higher than normal. But, it is by design. We have increased our buffer stocks, we have increased even finished goods inventory. We kept the loading in our factories. Again, it's all in support of the ramp in the second half. And we want to make sure we continue to deliver on time to our customers. It actually came in pretty handy. As you know, we had a temporary suspension in our Mexican factory. We were able to continue to deliver products to our customers. Luckily, that situation now has been resolved, while we are building this inventory that has very few or little risk from an E&O point of view. And despite all of that, we continue to deliver a very strong free cash flow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Caso of Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Thank you. For first question, can you break down the revenue from the various segments? And specifically with the broad market business, if you could talk about the near-term trends that you're seeing in that business as you go into June?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. So, in the March quarter, mobile was approximately 70% of total revenue, which was down mid-teens on a sequential basis, which is somewhat in line with normal seasonality. And it was flat on a year-over-year basis. Of course, that includes the reduction in Huawei. Because if I exclude Huawei in Q2 of fiscal '19 and Q2 of fiscal '20, the mobile revenue was actually up 9%, almost 10% on a year-over-year basis, driven by content gains, as well as early 5G ramp with our Chinese customers. So, our broad market business was approximately 30% of total revenue in the March quarter. It was down mid-single digits sequentially. But, we do expect it to be up sequentially into June quarter, in part driven by the work-from-home, learn-from-home trends that results in strength in PC, tablets, wearables, Wi-Fi, hotspots, the adoption of Wi-Fi 6 and all the wireless protocols.
Chris Caso: Okay, great. Thank you. As a follow-up, perhaps you can give us a little more color on the China business and in particular I think it’s helpful to separate perhaps some of the production issues some of your customers may have had in the March quarter when some of their facilities shut-in. Obviously, it would have gotten better from there. But perhaps what you -- to the extent you have visibility and what's happening within demand and how those customers are selling through phones, as they get to at least some degree of what's going to be the new normal, particularly within China?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Chris. Yes. What we're seeing is the Chinese account actually recovering faster than some of the other players in the U.S. And they were the first to be hit by the virus and they’re the first to come out of it. So, we are benefiting from some of the key brands, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, even some new growth now coming up with 5G with Samsung. And that portfolio right now is actually -- it's not quite where it was a year ago, but it's starting to move. The 5G penetration is strong and the velocity is picking up. So, I think the unit growth is starting to pick up. But, the content within the units is really important to us. So, we're seeing very meaningful content improvement in 5G in China. And again, we talked about it before, but you have to have that backward compatibility for 3G, 4G, then 5G. So, there's a really nice incremental move for us. There's also a great deal of complexity for the customer. And our job is to resolve that and lever the integrated solutions like Sky5 to make it really easy for the client. So, we are starting to see that. And the Chinese brands today are really starting to move. There's still a lot of upside there from our base today but they are starting to show some real good progress.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Just following up on the broad markets business, any additional context you have in terms of supply versus demand? Certainly, there's been some demand impact here, but also, customers kind of looking to secure supplies. So, just curious to how you're seeing that play out in your broad market business?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Craig. You're right. I mean, there was definitely a period of time and it's still being resolved with some imbalances in supply and demand. There has been quite a bit of demand in broad markets for technologies like Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi 6, even some of the GPS technologies, and we deliver those. So, we fortunately do the lion share of our business in-house, right, under our watch in our own factories. So, we've been able to be more active, more agile and executing to those demands. And a lot of those demands, as Chris mentioned, were driven by new applications, work-from-home, again, all of it, the services that are starting to create the opportunity, right, we're seeing today, whether it's safer home and entertainment, whatever it may be, the technologies that we make, not just 5G, but the Wi-Fi and GPS are really moving fast. So, we're getting to a point where the supply and demand intersection is closing. But, we do see a meaningful change in user appetite for the technologies, right? I think, you're going to see more and more folks now truly adopt telemedicine or truly adopt video conferencing, some of these things that were kind of nascent and really hadn't been played out. So, we're looking forward to that. And the Wi-Fi 6 technologies, as I said, are probably the leader in broad market. But, we're also generating new wins with very, very important customers globally, that three or four years ago weren't on our list, names like GE, names like Honeywell, Raytheon to continue to really broaden that reach and that side of the market.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then, just Liam just for follow-up to the flagship phones in the back half of this year. Can you talk about just kind of year-to-year how you're feeling about kind of that content?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, as I said, we've got some pretty important players launching 5G, and the 5G story is all about incremental content, also incremental complexity. And I think, it will be revealed that our solutions, they’re very, very well and our content opportunity was meaningful, and we executed on that. So, some of that stuff hasn't hit the market yet. But, we know we're winning and where we're headed, and it's a positive move. We'll start to see that into Q4 and into our fiscal Q1, which would be the December quarter. So, Q4 -- September through December, you're going to see a lot of that traction launch.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: I'm just curious. You went through your own factory shutdown, but the handset OEMs went through that issue in Q1, you had an up-quarter. It's hard to disseminate, because you're obviously I think, coming off a very low level and maybe gaining some sure. But I'm just kind of curious your perspective on an Android market. Was there any inventory that was built in Q1 and does that rectify itself in Q2 with this guidance?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I think, it feels like we're normalizing right now, Blayne and starting to get to a point where there's real acceleration in supply chain. As you noted, throughout this period, getting from February to now, there's been a tremendous amount of supply chain breakdowns everywhere. We're fortunate that we have our own facilities and we can manage our house pretty well. But, it's very challenging for the overall industry with some locations and some factories, just not being able to get employees, right, for obvious reasons, for health reasons. But, I feel like that's starting to abate now and we're seeing more improvement. If you look at the Android cycle, we have really good print position with MediaTek, as an example, and they've been a real strong feeder for Asia and other emerging markets. Also, we're seeing some really good things, as I mentioned with the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi names as we go forward and the supply chains. Today, again, are getting cleaned up pretty quickly, specifically in China and other Asian markets. So, we feel like that could pick up. And it’s another thing that the overall theme here is that we've got a great technology in 5G globally, the industry. And the consumer has not had a chance to get there, right? We have supply chain issues. We have some shocks -- supply chain shocks in some cases where the technology wasn't there, we have people staying at home, they're not going to the source. This is all going to abate. And the demand and the consumption for the technology is going to be there. And I think wireless, in this period of time that we've all been dealing with here, stay-at-home period, we recognize that the wireless devices that we have really are the bread and butter of our communication, our ability to work, our ability to communicate, family, it's really important. And I think the appetite for the technology is going to only increase and the opportunity for companies like Skyworks. We're happy to play a role in advancing those technologies into the future.
Blayne Curtis: And I just want to ask you on your BAW efforts and Qualcomm's been very vocal about their confidence in their SAW technology, you saw this Broadcom asset, I guess ultimately not get sold. Can you point out anything that -- in terms of what you're shipping today for BAW? And then, as you look out in the back half in the next year. In terms of shipping into a mid to high band module, where do you see that for Skyworks down the road?
Liam Griffin: Sure. The score is getting better and better, Blayne, with respect to BAW. So, we have some meaningful design wins and have been shipping. But the quantity of the device count now is going way up. So, we're broadening the set of customers. And then, some of the very strategic customers, the volumes and units there are picking up. So, we actually -- I'm going to give you a - highlight real stat here. We crossed 100 million units of BAW-enabled devices about two weeks ago, since we launched the BAW technology. So, we're really pleased at the launch. It's taking a little time, but we're accelerating. We have opportunities across the Board with new customers. We have design wins with strategic customers today. And we're going to continue to advance that technology, and all that stuff being done in house with our engineering teams, our fabs, our IP, and just driving a technology solution that customers really want.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Snyder of Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thank you very much. Liam, you mentioned the sharp gain in DRx modules, content or design wins, based on 5G content. Is any of that due to finally getting a transmit function in DRx modules to support MIMO or CA or diversity, or is it still on the receive side? And are you in production on the BAW Duplex yet? 
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, it's a great question. So, the DRx category, as you know, has really been an incredible performer in mobile device, capitalizing on downlink. And there's so many variants, Ed, for us. So, we have a really wide portfolio in that technology. And we are starting to see greater usage across the board. There's so many different versions, whether it's DRx DSM, ultra-high band, mid band, you can go across the board, and we're able to play in each one of those categories. And, it's a technology that requires very strong, very powerful filtering, the ability to work collectively with potentially LNAs and other technologies, and then integrate in a way that works for the customer. So, we're doing really well there. And we do want to continue on the BAW side to advance the technology into higher and higher bands, and capture more and more of that pie. And I think, we have some important customers and accounts that work with us that collaboratively we're trying to get to that solution together. But along the way, the DRx solutions are gaining, a lot of share, a lot of traction. They’re extremely valuable to the customer. It's a high-end solution at very fair pricing, and allows the customer to get a great end solution. So, that technology continues to move. The bulk acoustic wave technologies, again, continue to move up. We’ve demonstrated some volume now. But we still have a lot of room to move from here. I mean, by no means have we captured all the business. There’s a lot out there for us to go after.
Edward Snyder: And then, on ultra-high band, if I could. The sub-6 bands in China are requiring both, 77 and 79 and T-Mo hot [ph] use Sprint's Band 41 for 5G. We're seeing up to five new transmit receive chains being added to some of the high-end phones. How many of your customers are putting more of a premium on size? So, say favoring your dual band solution versus flexibility on selecting individual bands, more of a kind of approach that China's taken. I’m trying to get a feel for one, what solution is being favored? And two, are you seeing a lot of people opting for that come to the fuller end, high end solutions that would require more integration? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, it's a great question. So, you're right n77, n79, really important right now in the 5G landscape. And you're also -- you hit another point I didn't make. The integration is so vital -- the integration process isn’t just kind of a cool thing to package. It is really about densifying the product. And Kris mentioned some of our capital investments are really around packaging advancements. We of course are developing filters and trying to raise the bar of frequency without filtering technology. But you also have to have incredible technology on the packaging side to create that miniaturization. And with more and more technology squeezed in, you've got 3G, 4G and 5G incremental, you've got transmit, you've got receive. It's very, very complex architecturally. So, those technologies that we have are critical. And customers do want to integrate it. I mean, there's an appetite in some cases for discretes, but that's really moving in, in the rearview mirror. And the new technologies, specifically in 5G are going to be around densification, packaging and bringing all those of elements to the customer in an easy, easy form factor.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: My first one was on your exposure in China. Kris, I think, last quarter, you guys were kind enough to size your business with the non-Huawei, the OVX camp at around $100 million in the December quarter. I'm curious how big those guys were in the March quarter and what the outlook was into June? And related to that, we're getting quite a few headlines related to the U.S.-China trade relationships. Any of this kind of potentially impacts you guys down the line? Then, I have a quick follow-up.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Our China business remains on or about 20% of total revenue. And we definitely see strength with Oppo, vivo, Xiaomi as they ramp their 5G phones with strong Skyworks content in it. Unfortunately, the business with Huawei remains at a much lower level than it was historically, although we are able to continue to ship under the ban, which is still effective right now.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then, a quick follow-up on gross margins. I was positively surprised to see gross margins in the quarter, essentially come in line with guidance, despite lower revenue. And I guess similarly into June, you're guiding to essentially flat gross margins with a reduced revenue outlook. So, I guess, I was curious, what were some of the offsets in the March quarter? Kris, you spoke to maintaining factory-loading, so maybe that's explanation. But were there any positives, that sort of materialized in margin, and what are some of the potential offsets into June?
Kris Sennesael: No. I mean, we continue to work really hard to improve gross margins. And as I talked about that before, one of the most important things is of course is advancing the technology, higher complexity, more value additional, new products, especially with 5G, Wi-Fi 6 that we bring to market. And typically, those higher, complex type of products demand a higher gross margin. And so as we bring those new products to market, you will see a boost from that. Unfortunately, yes, there is some disruption in the supply chain and some inefficiencies, as a result of COVID-19. And so, that's why we not at 53% gross margin today, but we hope that ones all those disruptions get out of the supply chain and we start ramping the business, we will see some nice further improvements on the gross margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis of B. Riley FBR.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question. And congrats on the financial performance and Liam on the internal BAW milestone, that's a big one for the company, given your support there. What I wanted to do with the first question is just to make sure I'm looking at what you're seeing with integrated mobile correctly over the say, the 12 to 18-month time period. So, we have been shipping Sky5, we continue to do that and it sounds like it broadened our OEM base in the quarter. And so, that sets us up well for the back half. You've got 5G Diversity Receive. And I wasn't clear if you were saying that was going to ship in volume in the second half, or really for next year, but in the second half, our 5G unit should at least double, half on half for industry, just given the projections that are out there from some of the big guys. And then, next year, hopefully we don't have a situation where we lose 10% of our sales days due to a virus crisis. So, help me, one, understand that timing for some of the new products is somewhat, as I outlined in terms of their impact on financials. And what does that mean for next year's growth? Are we solidly back in double-digit growth next year for integrated mobile?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Great questions, and lots of ways to think about. So, I'll tell you what we see now Craig and how it plays out into the future. We really are feeling good about the design, consummation that we've made here. And those products -- a lot of those products have not yet shipped. And you hit a couple of key points. Sky5, great traction, a lot of room; Diversity Receive, we're delivering that and low band, mid band and high band on the receive side with some great technologies, all of that new. And we start to get into the broad markets. We're seeing more and more -- Kris touched on some of it. But, we're seeing a real nice run-up in some of the Wi-Fi technologies, Wi-Fi 6. And those are not low-end products. Those are very, very high-performing data drivers. And in this work-in-home environment and some of the new applications that have been stimulated through this are not going to go away, the appetite is there. So, when you get to the macro view of how do the numbers come together? It's really about timing. The magnitude of the dollars will be up. We know that and we know -- we believe that with great conviction. We're coming off of a low point as well. I mean, this is our -- Q3 is our pivot quarter. This is our pivot quarter. We're going to be up into the right from here. And it's just about the rate of change and the rate of revenue and the timing. The world really doesn't care about 90-day quarters. It's just about the actual growth and consummation of the demand. So, we feel really good about it. And there's reason for it. The products are better, the 5G technologies are much faster, they're more reliable, better latency. You can move it into IoT, there's just a lot to do. And unfortunately, this COVID-19 thing showed up, no one expected it, and it put the brakes on the business. And now, we're starting to recover, but we still feel really good about the outcome and where we're headed. Our factories are positioned well, we're in extremely close communication with every one of our customers working hand-in-hand to consummate and intersects their supply our demand, their demand, our supply working together. So, it's a great opportunity for companies like Skyworks to shine, we have our own facilities. We develop at a chip level, then integrate at a systems level. We can create flexibility for whatever market the customers want to roam in, what their size constraints may be, what their current consumption may be, and weave that all together for a solution. But, we feel really good about the macro theme here. It's been delayed, unfortunately, but we see that starting to come back by the end of this quarter and certainly into our Q4, in the second half calendar.
Craig Ellis: That's helpful and then the follow-up is just on the broad markets, and one of the comments from your recent remarks and earlier. As you went through some of the applications for which broad markets is seeing good demand and has some runway, whether it'd be auto or others. One of the things I don't think I'd heard previously but was on today's call was telemedicine. And so, the question is, in the world that we're now in, beyond telemedicine, are there other application areas that are coming into the broad markets portfolio as new incremental TAM for units? And if so, what would they be. 
Liam Griffin: I think,, the video conferencing dynamic is incredible. I'm sure everybody that's on this call has been using that recently. And even the best technology out there today is still not good enough in my opinion. And I think the appetite for that is really going to create some interesting dynamics for us. I think, that's one really important one. I think, the service community is going to be a big deal right now. I mean, people are -- you're seeing how the world has evolved. We talked about some stats about whether it's Microsoft Teams or Zoom, or stay-at-home, food delivery. These are things that I don't think they're going to go away. Even when the COVID-19 pandemic is done, I think there's going to be some lasting behavior. And some of that's very good behavior for our business where the consumer is going to rely more and more on wireless technologies and remote technologies to live their life. And whether it's education, whether it's healthcare, whether it's entertainment, all of those services are provided and can be provided through wireless technologies that we bring to market.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Peterson of JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bill Peterson: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, the first question as it relates to COVID-19 impacts and in this case on the supply chain, it's good to see obviously Mexicali coming back. But there's obviously a lot of talk that there could be multiple phases of this virus. I'm wondering, I guess, what percentage is coming from Mexicali? What are the opportunities, or have you considered outsourcing? And what are the contingency plans? And I guess, how conceivable is, if you did need to bring up a secondary or a third party to manufacture some of your products?
Kris Sennesael: So Bill, so approximately, 70%, 75% of the revenue is being generated out of the backend facility in Mexicali. Now, before this whole COVID-19 pandemic started, we were already building a more diverse supply chain. So, we have already started to shifts parts of our supply chain with third party assembly and test houses out there, mostly in Asia. And so, that's obviously a trend that we will continue to do so.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks for that. And I know you guys constantly talk about crafting solutions, working side-by-side with customers. I guess, with a lot of the lockdowns in place globally, how has that impacted your design activities? I mean, I presume obviously your second half design wins are well locked and loaded. But, as we think about next year, how are you working with your customers to craft these solutions?
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, we are doing that. But it's not -- it's been far less face to face, hand to hand kind of communication, right? So, we're not shoulder to shoulder the way we used to be. And we will be again. But, in the meantime, we've got really clever engineers with customers that are very smart. And we're using the technologies we talked about. We're doing video conferencing, Microsoft Teams, a lot of conference calls, a lot of sharing of PowerPoint and openness as we go through this. So, it is a different dynamic. I think, most of us prefer the in-person contact. But, it's one of the things that may change. Right? I think, the world may change as a result. There could be more and more distance-based communication. And again, that's more of a wireless play. But,, in the meantime, we're staying extremely close with our customers. We're taking care of our people. We're being good citizens in that regard. And, we're hoping that we can all get through this together and look forward to better days.
Operator: Your last question comes from Harsh Kumar of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. So, Liam or Kris, question for you. In the last six months, revenues are down roughly, call it $200 million, but your margins are within a band of basically 20, 30 basis points. So, the question is how -- I mean, what have you guys done here to basically keep your margins up, despite the fact that your utilization, I assume, is down quite a bit, despite the fact that you might have built a little bit of inventory? I'm just curious.
Kris Sennesael: I mean, this is, as I indicated before, a lot of hard work from the team and there's multiple elements that come into play, right? There is more complex, higher value-add products that we bring to the market. That's very important. We continue to execute well. Secondly, of course, it's driving down the cost in our factories and our third-party suppliers, building a very efficient operations. And then, of course, we do have a little bit of a tailwind from a mix point of view as broad markets is growing and has some higher margins compared to the mobile business.  We -- as you know, our target model is 53%. If it wasn't for the headwinds that you just indicated, we would have been there already. But unfortunately, we have to deal with those headwinds, and we're dealing with it. And so, as I indicated before, in the second half 2020 and beyond, when those headwinds become tailwinds, we will see some nice further gross margin improvements.
Harsh Kumar: It's pretty impressive, guys. I just wanted to ask if there was anything going on. And then, secondly, we've heard a lot -- you guys have called out China, particularly the newer 5G phones, Oppo, Vivo et cetera in the last few calls. And I was curious if you guys are actually -- you think you're actually gaining a lot of share, or is it just a situation where China as a country is going to 5G and you're just getting your fair share there?
Liam Griffin: No. The way we see it -- and we have really good intel on this is that we are gaining a lot of share and part of it is the ability to do that integration and make it easy for the customer. So, there's a great deal of interest and appetite and demand in China for 5G product. And what we're doing is, we're bringing in a highly complex, configured, customer by customer Sky5 platform, so that those customers don't have to deal with all the complexity and burden of laying out 40, 50 different discrete devices to create a 5G engine. We're going to do it for them. And so, that's been really the play for us, and it's worked out great. It gives our customers a faster time to market. It lowers their need for engineering burden. We can do that for you. And then we bring it to the market uniquely and differentiated.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking with you in upcoming events this quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' first fiscal quarter 2020 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements related to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our Company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch and welcome everyone. Skyworks exceeded December quarter expectations, driven by a global demand for high-performance connectivity solutions. As our results demonstrate, Skyworks is leveraging decades of experience, scale and vertical integration capabilities along with our highly advanced Sky5 platform, accelerating the adoption of 5G technology across a broadening set of end markets and customers. Now looking at the first quarter in more detail. We grew revenues by 8% sequentially to $896 million, produced gross margin of 50.1% and operating margin of 35.2%. We posted earnings per share of $1.68, $0.03 ahead of our guidance and up 11% sequentially. And we generated exceptional operating cash flow totaling $398 million in the quarter. At a higher level Skyworks is ushering in an age of truly ubiquitous connectivity, enabling richer, smarter and more convenient ways to live, work, play and educate. Smartphones are leading this early transition with substantial volumes of 5G-enabled devices shipping this quarter. But more importantly over time, we expect an incredible unit uptake outside of mobile where connected devices and things will be measured in tens of billions. And as we've noted in prior calls, 5G catalyzes new markets from IoT, autonomous transport, artificial intelligence, and high definition streaming media. Currently in the US, there are approximately eight networked devices per person, a number that is expected to climb to 14 devices by 2022. That represents a 50% increase. And as a recent example, a higher percentage of US households are now subscribed to a streaming media service rather than traditional pay TV. Clearly our world continues to rely upon seamless, high-speed connectivity and this trend will only accelerate as 5G adoption grows and novel usage cases emerge. Recall 5G is a technology, not a product, not a brand or a slogan. It offers gigabit speeds, ultra-low latency and greatly enhanced network capacity fueling a wide range of applications, while becoming the universal connector. Skyworks is playing a pivotal role in the deployment of this standard with a rich 20-year heritage in designing and delivering highly integrated and customized system solutions. We have demonstrated technology leadership across a vast set of critical product categories, resolving increasingly complex architectures and preparing our customers for the performance gains demanded in 5G. As we look ahead, the expanding product pipeline at Skyworks is clearly generating strong design win momentum across both mobile and broad market segments. Specifically in our mobile business traction in 5G is gaining strength with our Sky5 platform powering launches at Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and Samsung. Our baseband agnostic solutions offer interoperability and are being deployed across leading chipset suppliers, including MediaTek, Samsung and Qualcomm. And with our expanding filter capabilities in TC SAW and bulk acoustic wave, we help our customers navigate complex challenges while extending our reach across a broader spectrum of 4 and 5G bands. Moving onto broad markets, at CES, Skyworks announced a unique set of 5G-enabled solutions, including Massive MIMO IoT, a suite of connected home devices and high fidelity smart audio products. Specifically we are powering rapidly emerging IoT applications with cellular-based platforms certified by KDDI, NTT DoCoMo SoftBank and Verizon. We're driving growth with the launch of our Wi-Fi 6 platforms, expanding our customer reach with industry leaders including AT&T, Cisco, Netgear, ARRIS and Aruba. We're advancing automotive content with SkyOne in our emerging V2X portfolio and supplying low power, long range IoT products as [ph] Ring and many others. In the infrastructure space Skyworks is leveraging its capabilities in silicon germanium SOI, gallium arsenide, bulk acoustic wave and ceramic filters while powering 5G MIMO and small cell base station design wins. In addition, we are gaining momentum in automotive, enabling new wins with leaders like Continental, Nissan and Renault along with industrial players including Honeywell, Bosch and GE. As these highlights suggest, we remain focused on driving diversification across high value segments and markets with more than 2,000 products, supporting thousands of customers. So in summary Skyworks has decades of connectivity experience across multiple technology transitions. Uniquely positioning us to meet the performance demands of 5G are portfolio of highly integrated customized connectivity engines bolstered by the early strategic investments we have made anticipating both the complexity and the immense opportunity across our end markets and finally, a highly profitable and predictable business model that allows us to invest aggressively while providing consistent returns to our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q1 and our outlook for Q2.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2020 was $896 million, up 8% sequentially and $16 million above the midpoint of the outlook we provided in November, driven by the successful launch of flagship phones and the early success of our Sky5 product portfolio as new 5G phones start ramping globally. Gross profit in the first quarter was $449 million resulting in a gross margin of 50.1% in line with expectations. Operating expenses were $134 million, down 4% year-over-year as we continued to prudently manage OpEx while making the necessary investments to accelerate future growth of the business. We generated $315 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 35.2%, up 120 basis points from fiscal Q4. Other income was $1 million and our effective tax rate was 8.9%, driving net income of $289 million or $1.68 of diluted earnings per share up 11% sequentially. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. First fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $398 million, capital expenditures were $111 million, resulting in $287 million of free cash flow on $896 million of revenue translating into a strong free cash flow margin of 32%. We paid $75 million in dividends and repurchased 742,000 shares of our common stock for a total of $74 million. During the last 12 months, we have returned 87% of free cash flow back to the shareholders through a combination of our dividends and share buyback program. We ended the first fiscal quarter with cash and investments of $1.2 billion and we have no debt. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q2 of fiscal 2020. Early momentum from the initial launch of 5G as we ramp design wins in our mobile business matched with solid traction in broad markets are driving better than seasonal performance in the March quarter. For the second fiscal quarter of 2020, we anticipate revenue to be between $800 million and $820 million. At the midpoint of the range, our revenues would be flat to last year's Q2. However including Huawei or excluding Huawei, in the second quarter of fiscal '19 and fiscal '20, revenue is expected to be up mid-teens year-over-year. We expect gross margin between 50% and 50.5% and operating expenses of approximately $135 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $2 million in other income and a tax rate of 9%. We expect our diluted share count to further reduce to approximately $171 million shares. Accordingly at the midpoint of these ranges, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.46. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks delivered strong results to start fiscal 2020. Looking ahead, we are in the early innings of a multiyear technology cycle with 5G gaining momentum and the growth of connected people and things continuing to expand. We have invested aggressively ahead of this transition and we are uniquely positioned with strategic technologies crafted in our own fabs providing sustainable competitive advantage. At the same time through crisp operational execution and a strong business model, we are translating these results into long-term shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results and guidance. Good to see the recovery in the sector after a while. So Liam, I had two questions. First, just on the core business. I'm curious you mentioned the start of the 5G ramp. How much of that ramp are you seeing in the March quarter? And just roughly what is the direction of content that you are seeing in these 5G smartphones? And I think you mentioned integration. Is it kind of a winner-take-all in some of these initial wins or are you still kind of maintaining your share in the specific components that you have expertise in?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, the way we're seeing it right now we believe we're absolutely gaining share in 5G and the rollout of these new highly complex phones are exactly what we want to see. We're continuing to gain share with our Sky5 platform. We're doing the very difficult things that we've been talking about in prior calls, really crafting and creating these wonderful devices that are going into 5G-enabled phones. We're seeing that across a number of customers, great position in China with a number of leading players, position at Samsung and then also with some of the larger players in the US that haven't even launched their 5G phone yet. So there's a lot of positive momentum there and we feel very -- very upbeat about where we're going in the second half.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And my follow-up is kind of a strategic question. So you have been developing your internal ball capability for some time, but one of your competitors put up their RF assets for sale. I'm curious if those assets get sold to a potential competitor or a customer, what's the impact or are those assets something that you might be interested in taking a look at? Just how should we think about kind of the impact of this potential consolidation on Skyworks?
Liam Griffin: Sure, sure. Appreciate the question. Well, we really can't get into any specifics around M&A. We're well aware of the opportunity that you just suggested, but at the same time we are really happy with what we're doing in our organic business and we see a tremendous opportunity there with 5G now just starting and the momentum in our demand really accelerating. So we feel good about it, but at the same time we have to look at M&A opportunities and I'm pleased to say that we have the powder and the cash flow to do deals when deals are necessary. But at this point, we really just can't comment on anything specifically.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much. Kris, can you give us the splits for both businesses for December and how you think about it for the guidance for March?
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So our broad markets business in the December quarter was approximately 27% of total revenue. That is in line with what we saw last year. Keep in mind that December quarter is typically a very strong mobile quarter with obviously a lot of business with our large customer and then the ramp of 5G phones. So mobile was 73% of total revenue. Looking forward into the March quarter, that is where we see a little bit of a flip, right. This is typically a stronger broad markets quarter. We do expect some mid-single digit sequential growth in our broad markets business and we will see some mid-single to -- yes, mid-single year-over-year growth in broad markets in the March quarter and then of course even further stronger growth in the second half of 2020.
Timothy Arcuri: Great, thanks for that. And can you just talk about Huawei and how it ended up playing out? I think you expected about $10 million. And my guess is that it was maybe a little bit better than that. But how did it play out and sort of how do you think -- not just about them as a customer, but how do you think about how the export restrictions might change and how that is impacting what that customer and what's your other Chinese customers are pulling? How hard they might be pulling? Are they perhaps double ordering? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, obviously, it's an evolving situation and we have a really dynamic business today in China with Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and even some of the MediaTek ecosystem supported. Huawei, of course, there has been some limitations on what we can do. As we've said in the past, we can't provide a quarter-by-quarter guidance by customer, but I will say that in the Q1 time frame Huawei came in a little bit better than we expected. But I will tell you that we are derisking exposure to Huawei in the business. We're still going after the design wins. We're going to do everything we can to gain share when it's available. But we are derisking that in our financial outlook, as we go forward. So we want to make sure that that's clear to the investors.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. Liam, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the infrastructure business within broad markets. A couple of your peers have talked to a pause in activity on the part of your customers. Is that sort of the case with Skyworks? And if so, how much of a drag was it in the quarter? And more importantly, I guess what's the outlook into fiscal Q2 and the back half of the year? Then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes, I mean the infrastructure business has been a little bit slow and I don't think it's changed in terms of its pace, but it's a very necessary element in 5G. And I know some of the players like Ericsson and Nokia are really stepping up right now. Obviously there is Huawei opportunities in there as well. They have some limitations, but it's obviously an opportunity. So I see the infrastructure space still very vital for us. So we do some incredible work there with our MIMO solutions, antenna arrays, some of the filtering that we mentioned, including ceramic filters. So we have a role and we have a necessary role in that area. But I would expect infrastructure to pick up in the second half of the year. It's also a positive margin driver for us across broad markets. We know how to operate in those industries. We have very good relationships with the customers. So we should expect a better climate there in the second half.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's great. And then as a follow-up, this one is for Kris. On your last call you guys talked about gross margins potentially hitting your 53% target in the back half of the fiscal year. I just wanted to confirm is it [ph] still the case and if so, what were some of the key drivers on a half-over-half basis? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. First of all, I'm pleased with our gross margin execution. So in the December quarter we came in at 50.1%, slightly above what we guided. And so, we are guiding slightly up in the March quarter at 50% to 50.5% despite our normal seasonal decline in revenue going into the March quarter. And then in the back half of 2020, I do expect further gross margin improvements towards our longer-term goal of 53%. And I didn't say last time that we were going to hit 53% at the end of 2020, but continue to make very good progress towards that target, longer-term target of 53%.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is Tom [ph] on for Blayne Curtis. I just want to clarify, real quick. Kris, you made a comment about broad markets into March. You originally said that it was going to be up mid-single digits and then you said mid-single digit growth year-over-year. Could you just clarify is it sequential or year-over-year?
Kris Sennesael: So it's both, so sequentially it's mid-single digits as well as year-over-year it's mid-single digits, excluding Huawei, right, because we have some Huawei infrastructure business that was part of that broad markets. Obviously, due to the ban we lost most or almost all of that. And so, if I exclude Huawei, we will be back to mid-single digit year-over-year growth in March and then a potentially even stronger year-over-year growth, excluding Huawei, in the second half of 2020.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, that's helpful. And then just a broader question. When you guys are looking at design wins, particularly in 5G, do you guys have a competitor that also does the modems? Clearly, the competition is pretty fierce there and there's a lot of talk about them being attached with the RF on many early solutions. Just how do you compete there and how do you break down kind of the bundling aspect?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, our customers drive that and our customers want solutions from Skyworks, the integration capabilities that we bring, specifically in 5G where the architectures are substantially more complex than they were in 4G. Integration around solutions such as our Sky5 platform are ideal for customers moving into 5G. And I mean the proof is in the pudding. If you look at the devices today, the 5G devices that are going to market right now, you're going to see that kind of integration from Skyworks. It's not being driven by the chipset provider. That may work in small markets where the customer doesn't have a level of sophistication and they want a turnkey solution all in. But that's not what we're seeing right now. We're seeing best-in-class solutions, leveraging integration, looking for companies that have their own facilities like us from filter to gallium arsenide to assembly and test, customizing and crafting a solution, that's how we win. And by the way, we work with every baseband supplier, whether they're a friend or a foe and we take our lead from the customer and that's always work for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks guys.
Liam Griffin: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ambrish [ph] from BMO. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. Liam, you may not -- you may not have to worry about that whether you have to buy that business or not. Looks like a PR hit the tape as soon as your call started that...
Liam Griffin: Oh, we [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, they have signed a multi-year deal with Apple. Let me sort of just focus on you guys. What does your portfolio looks like for 5G for BAW? And then within your portfolio, where do you think you have the most opportunity to gain content in 5G?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, I mean just to take a long look, just a little bit of a backdrop here. Understand right now 4G phones are basically driving spectrum from 700 megahertz to about 2.5 to 3 gig, right. So all that action continues in a mobile phone today. And then you add to that with 5G solutions, unique solutions that's drawn that [ph] 5G spectrum, let's say, 3 to 6 gig or 6 gig and higher. That's an incredible opportunity. It's all incremental physical content. And each one of the players in our space looks at it differently. What we want to do is capture the maximum opportunity, work with our customers, give them absolute choice on the kind of componentry they want, the markets that they're going to roam in, their current budget, all of these things and then craft an integrated solution for them. So when we say, Sky5 that's a platform, it's a platform. It could be very different from the largest customer to a customer in Korea to customers in China. And that is the unique Skyworks differentiator and we have the tool sets to do that now. We've added bulk acoustic wave. We have high capacity in TC SAW. We have standard SAW. We have crafted assembly and test with facilities under our watch. Really unique stuff and that makes a big difference for us and it lengthen [ph] -- and it broadens the opportunity reach that we have in any given 5G device.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And my follow-up for Kris is on the operating model as you try to avail the opportunities, what does it do to OpEx and also CapEx as we think through? If you could just remind us what capex was and guidance for this year, so if that changes or not.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so in terms of operating model, we are driving the business and growing the top line above market. We are driving operational efficiencies and bringing high added value products to the market that will drive the gross margins towards our long-term target of 53% and our operating margins approaching 40%. Currently OpEx is running on or about 15%. And I think we can do a little bit better there so you get to an operating margin that approach 40%. At the same time, we're very much focused on driving free cash flow at 30% or slightly above 30%. And you saw last quarter we had 32% of free cash flow margin. We will continue to invest in the business, there is no question about that. We -- as Liam just explained, one of our strengths is our operational footprint with our gallium arsenide fabs, our filter operation as well as our back-end operation. And we continue to expand the capacity in those fabs and we continue to develop new technology, package technologies and filter technologies. And that of course requires sufficient capex support. Capex is running on or about 10% to revenue and I think in the foreseeable future that's what you have to put into your models.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Peterson from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Bill Peterson: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Coming back to broad markets, you spoke to the infrastructure opportunities. Of course, a large portion is your Wi-Fi and IoT. Trying to -- you mentioned the infrastructure is kind of back-half weighted, but trying to get a feel for how you expect the ramp of world Wi-Fi to progress and I guess how that manifests itself into your broad market growth really for the full year -- for the full fiscal year, and especially the back half.
Liam Griffin: Yes -- no, it makes sense, Bill. So I think if you look at broad markets in total, I want to give you a little bit more of a broad view here. So we have, first of all, a wide set of protocols to reach for, right. 5G, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth, GPS, ZigBee, LoRa, all of those are opportunities for us to connect things with our customer. The Wi-Fi 6 now is really gaining momentum. We've got some new strategic design wins that are just coming about in this last quarter and looking into the second half of the year more ramps with names like AT&T, Cisco and Netgear. And we've also done some great work moving into industrial and automotive spaces; so we're securing wins now with Bosch, Honeywell, Siemens, GE. These were not customers two or three years ago, they were not at all on the playing field for Skyworks. And now we're also moving in automotive. We've got wins with Continental, BMW, Renault, Nissan and others. So lot of really cool things and even some amazing consumer products. We've got some devices now, infant monitoring with Procter & Gamble, of course we're lined up with Ring, we've got a lot of product with Amazon. So it's a really rich portfolio that goes from high end to mid-tier. But the key for us, Bill, is it levers technology and it levers connectivity. And the fact that we have that broad set of protocols, we can pick and choose with our customer what's the right connectivity protocol to lock into their solution. So we feel really good about that. And we think that that momentum is going to carry forward for many, many years.
Bill Peterson: Okay, thanks. And I guess if you think about the 5G phones that are going to be launched here in the first half of this year, of course Samsung already launched 5G phones last year, as you guys call it OVX, can you speak specifically to the 5G wins you have? I guess this is really like ultra-high, and I know that the 4G bands are clearly important LTV -- LTE-Advanced Pro and so forth. But can you speak to the design wins you have in the OVX camp in [ph] Samsung?
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. So the 5G momentum, the early momentum in 5G, a lot of that is actually led by the China names. So, we have great position in 5G solution. So this is again 5G, so we still have great 4G position with these accounts. But we're overlaying incremental content in 5G with names like Oppo, Vivo, and Xiaomi. So those players were very strong. We're doing some good work partnering with chipset providers. MediaTek is one that's an example in their phase seven designs. We've got great position, design reference position. These are all 5G solutions. And again early moves with China with those players that I named, but also some really significant moves that we expect later in the year with some of the larger customers as well where we will see substantial content gains as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Liam, we talked a lot about 5G. I'd like to clarify if we could, especially regard to your comments about share gains with some of the new products coming out, the smartphone products coming out here. If we divide the world into like 4G, 4G Advanced, 4G Pro and the pure 5G content which is mostly ultra-wideband, are you referring to both, are you referring to one? I know you guys were strong in some of the initial ultra-high band last year, and I know they're wrapping not only that, but also the band, n77 bands into the Chinese phone. Is that where you're seeing most of your share gains?
Liam Griffin: Yes, exactly. So we're continuing to have the 4G placement, which is basically kind of backward compatibility. And then UHP bands, n77, n79, unique products there that are incremental that you wouldn't see in a 4G phone but there'd be incremental dollars that would lay into a 5G phone. And the other point that we've been making here is and as you know, the more complexity that you have, the more devices that we have physically we've got to deal with size, we've got to deal with competition for current consumption, coexistence and all the challenges that you get when you put more and more semiconductors together. So our approach with that is to offer that customer the Sky5 platform and configured in such a way that some of those challenges that one would have in putting together a complex device can be resolved with Skyworks overlaying that into a platform solution. But the incremental content is in it's UHP, it's n77, n79, there's more bands coming out over time, but we're in really good position to capitalize as 5G continues to roll out.
Edward Snyder: Yes. And you've done really well there. So as a separate part of that then, let's talk about the 4G, if we could [ph] for a while. China went the phase six last year. As we all know Qorvo took a lot of that because there's a lot of nervousness on the OEM's part about going to a fully integrated front-end. So they wanted one guy. We've got feedback that that's starting to change now and that Skyworks is starting to carve out the traditional low band part of that platform. Are you seeing that to any material extent? And then and the larger question, how do you -- I know your BAW filter program is coming along very well. You've got -- some received the devices now and they are going to have duplexers, but that seems to be a long way from being able to offer the kind of performance that you have to offer to actually capture the mid and high bands too. Is there path to that, mid high band portion of the 4G section of these phones over the next year or so or is it going to be something further out?
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes. So let me try to capture both. So on the MediaTek side, when you get into the lower band opportunities, there is a tremendous amount of Skyworks opportunities with low band pad, with DSM et cetera. So that's the 4G space. When you go to the ultra-high band or mid and high band solutions, we recognize that's a challenge, but we're on pace right now to address it. We've done some good work with some UHP opportunities. We do recognize the performance merits with some of the leading players in mid and high band and we aspire to get there. We're doing the work internally, but we understand that it is going to be a task, it's going to be a challenge, but we have the expertise -- growing expertise, engagement with customers. The facilities are important. We've got some facilities here and fab position that will help us, but yes we're on the path to achieving the highest grade, but we still have a lot of work to do, quite frankly.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley FBR. Your line is open.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Congratulations on the good execution, guys. Liam, I wanted to follow up on that last question and maybe tied into one that Vivek answered, really focused on longer-term dynamic. So Skyworks is historically working with customers 18 months out of the handset launch on new products. So from the vantage point that you have now what does content gain look like in the funnel for things that we'll be launching in calendar 21 versus the early content gain that you're getting in your one of 5Gs. Is it flat? Is it up? If it's up, to what extent would it be up next year as you continue to try and flex into things like mid-band or high-band pads with your BAW capability?
Liam Griffin: Sure, sure. So let me just be really clear about one thing. The technologies that we have right now -- we don't have everything, but the technologies that we have right now in 4G and the new technology that we have in 5G are going to add substantial content to our opportunities, no question about that. So now we're talking about further out in BAW what else can we do, we've got aspirations to continue to do more, but the things that we're doing now today on leveraging BAW, leveraging Sky5 as a platform, leveraging the incremental content that 5G bands bring all going to be a great, great opportunity for us to step up. And one of the things that's helping us is the complexity. We keep saying this, but it's really important. The technology burden in a 5G device is substantially harder, more difficult to implement, more challenging for the customer and then bring that to market quickly. So there's a lot there. We are the experts in doing that. That's why we talk about decades of experience. We've been through these transitions. This is one of the harder ones and that's great for us and it's great for the top players in the market because we're going to be able to enjoy solving our customers' problems and putting them in a position to win. So we're excited about it. We're going to lever all of our technologies, our TC SAW capability, our packaging technology, our bulk acoustic wave, ceramic, but all of these technologies that we have will play a role. But the content opportunity is absolutely there. We've talked about that before in presentations prepared remarks that we see meaningful dollars of content opportunity and some of that will start in the second half of this year.
Craig Ellis: And with regards to that last point with content kicking in in the second half of the year beyond what we're seeing with momentum in the business here in the quarter that you are just guiding to which is above seasonal. So is it fair to think that with the content that you've got, you've got a year where integrated mobile can drive consistently above seasonal performance in the business or is it just too early to be able to have that kind of visibility from where you are?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Yes, I mean it's difficult to figure out what the natural seasonality is going to be. But we definitely see improving opportunities for us, design wins that have been consummated that haven't yet shipped. And let's also look at where the customers are. One of the largest customers, great customer, hasn't put a 5G phone out yet. So that's another thing to think through. So I think there is plenty on the horizon. We're really excited about it. We just delivered a beat and raise Q1 and Q2. I think the broad markets business is going to accelerate. We talked a little bit about that with Kris. The 5G opportunities are right there in front of us. We're executing fully. We're adding capital and we're really enthused about the opportunities that are in front of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. I guess first question is if you could characterize the strength that you're seeing and kind of where the strength is coming from that's driving the better seasonal Q1. I guess, I'm assuming that the new Chinese 5G phones are a large part of that, if you can clarify that. And then as we go through the year, what is going to be the pace of new introductions in your content gains from the Chinese phones? Is that going to be something that steady through the year, is it more kind of front-end loaded, maybe get some clarification on that.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure, Chris. Well, a couple of things. This is the first period that we're actually talking about 5G in devices and bring in revenue to the table. So early, early innings and we're already seeing some improvements in our numbers for Q1 and Q2. And that's the early part of 5G. And if I were to look at that, a lot of that is China, it's the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi names like that. But we're also seeing ramps coming in with Samsung. I think there's going to be some really nice ramps with one of the larger customers, again haven't put a 5G phone out. And the complexity that we see that I've talked about on this call is real and it's a great opportunity for Skyworks and we are the company that knows how to do the complex things very well. We know mobile, we've been doing this for 20 years. So the transition from 2G to 3G to 4G, talked about that. 5G is much harder. And it's calling upon the resources, our people, our know-how, the facilities, the ability to troubleshoot all that really good stuff is coming to bear right now and allowing us to win business and allowing our customers to be successful. So there is a lot going on that end. And then the broad market business, the numbers bounce around a little bit, but I can tell you that one of the metrics that we look at is customer acquisition. We want to add customers, we want to add high class, high-end players, margin-rich customers and we're doing it. Some of the names that we talked about, Bosch, Raytheon, names like that getting into industrial and automotive, working with companies like BMW and Nissan. I mean that's really cool stuff and it's still plays on the connectivity core and what's really important for Skyworks is connectivity. And we still can lever those technologies and those resources to port into other markets outside of the mobile phone.
Chris Caso: That's helpful. Thank you. As a follow-up to really what you just said, how does that affect your capacity planning, as you go through the year? And your capex has been fairly steady. I guess maybe up a little bit, but as the 5G ramp proceeds, are there scenarios where you need to put in more substantial capex in order to meet that and at what point in time do you need to make some of those decisions?
Kris Sennesael: No, we're making those decisions on a continuous basis. Just look at the December quarter, we put in an additional $100 million of capex and so we will continue to do so every quarter. And again, it's a combination. Some of that is pure capacity related, right, and expanding the capacity so we can handle the higher volumes. But a big part of that is also technology related, different and more complex type of packaging and testing, expanding our reach in filter technologies as well as with our gallium arsenide power amplifiers. So -- again count on or about 10% of capex, and despite that, we will continue to drive a 30%-plus free cash margin.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you. I have two if I may -- I have two if I may. First of all, if we just go back to the March quarter outlook, there's a question on inventory. But how would we classify or how would you classify your inventory across the channel given all top six smartphone suppliers are launching flagships in the March and April time frame? It seems to be kind of a fairly tight window. And I have a follow-up.
Kris Sennesael: Yes -- no, the inventory in the channel seems to be very healthy, at least as far as we have visibility, right, on the component level. There is definitely a little bit of a buildup in anticipation of Chinese New Year. But what we see is that the supply chain is actually struggling a little bit to keep up with the launches of those new 5G phones. And so the inventory in the channel is pretty healthy.
Karl Ackerman: Got it, that's helpful. As my follow-up there has been a lot of noise and I guess perhaps overly concerned on the FCC's decision to halt satellite operators from offering private auctions of the C-band for cellular 5G services here in the United States. Do you think that creates a delay in the implementation of 5G enabled phones here? Should we be worried about it at all? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes, I don't think that it is going to affect us in any way. In fact, and if they open it up to the public then it may be an opportunity to have more spectrum and create more opportunities for us to roam -- have our devices roam on. But the base case right now doesn't assume any upside from the 3-5 auctions [ph] on our end. But that's a good question. We'd probably learn more over time, but I don't think there is a negative fall -- a negative spin on that on our end. I think we've pretty much positioned 5G and we're very well aligned with the Standards Boards and where the spectrum is going to be. So we're all over that, but will definitely keep our eyes on the opportunity. If there is more spectrum that's added, we will absolutely be able to develop solutions that will support transmission and communication over that spectrum.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks for squeezing me in. Two questions as well. Liam, one for you. There's a lot of debate on whether the first generation of 5G handsets in the US will be millimeter wave capable. Clearly they'll have some sub-6. I was curious where the Skyworks in and you guys stand on that thought process. And then also how is your preparedness for millimeter wave at this point. Then I had a follow-up.
Liam Griffin: Sure, Harsh. Well, millimeter wave, it's an interesting technology, it's an interesting technology and it has some benefits. Theoretically it has tremendous speed and latency opportunities, but at the same time there are some drawbacks. It's expensive. It draws a lot of current. You have line of sight impediments there. So it isn't something that we are seeing today. We're working with all these customers where it's going to be a kind of a standard offer. It may be a great technology for high dense -- high-density areas, whether college campuses or going into a stadium and you need some really high-speed connection in over a short distance that's unimpeded by any objects, it's possible. But there is some challenge. Now over time that could evolve and it may be just a way for the technology to evolve and make it cost-effective and also performance-effective. But right now it's a little bit out of the aperture. A lot of our customers are not looking at it right now. Some are. We do have some small incremental bets on millimeter wave. And as we've talked about, we have our own fab. So we can run some of the technologies that we need to, if that starts to blossom. But we talk to our customers and that's where we get our cues. And we share information about technology [indiscernible] to help them. But at this point, I don't think it's going to be a significant element in 5G, at least for the next year.
Harsh Kumar: Understood, and very helpful. Thank you, Liam. And then I think at the beginning of the call I think Vivek had asked a question on content increases. And I believe you answered a lot of stuff, but I think you might have skipped that part. I was curious what ex Wi-Fi upgrades and other kind of things like Bluetooth upgrades that might be happening on the RF side, just pure cellular content increase in 5G over 4G? What are you guys seeing? Would you put that as in line with historical or greater than that or even if you want to give a number and be generous with us, we will take that.
Liam Griffin: It's going to be more than -- okay. I'll tell you, it's not -- it's going to be higher than the 3G to 4G upgrade, that I definitely believe. And again it's because the content, the physical content and the specific devices that are necessary to build the 5G solution that incremental value is bigger than the incremental value that went from 3G to 4G. That's an absolute fact. Now, the question is who is best positioned to capitalize. We have an incredibly broad reach. We have engagements with all the customers, we have the unique technologies that we've noted, not just with capacity, but as Kris said, technology. So we love that. So we think there is going to be a meaningful multi-dollar opportunity. We talked about in our presentations, maybe $5 to $7 or more incremental from 4G. And then the capture on that is all about how do you execute, how do you provide the best solution to your customer and how you bring that to market on time. So those are the factors and that's the stuff we love to do; I mean, that's the strength of our Company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-12 17:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Liam Griffin - President, Chief Executive Officer Kris Sennesael - Chief Financial Officer Mitch Haws - Investor Relations
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions, Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' fourth fiscal quarter and year-end 2019 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our prior practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks Mitch, and welcome everyone. The Skyworks team delivered solid profitability and strong cash flow in Q4 and throughout the fiscal year, demonstrating our technology leadership and the resilience of our business model, despite a challenging end market.  During the fourth fiscal quarter we grew revenue 8% sequentially, and excluding Huawei revenue was up 20% sequentially. We produced gross margin of 50.3% and operating margin of 34%. We posted earnings per share of $1.52, ahead of our guidance and up 13% sequentially, and we generated exceptional operating cash flow totaling $472 million.  For the 2019 fiscal year we delivered revenue of $3.4 billion, earnings per share of $6.17 and operating cash flow of $1.4 billion. We generate free cash flow of nearly $1 billion, up 16% from the prior year, representing a free cash flow margin of 29%, approaching our model target of 30%, and we returned nearly $1 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends.  At a higher level, the 5G upgrade cycle is now fully underway, expanding across four continents with over 80 carriers and an expanding set of smartphone and IoT customers. We expect a substantial upgrade cycle as the 5 billion mobile subscribers today migrate from their 3G and 4G devices to 5G, creating a significant opportunity for Skyworks.  Stakeholders are now seeing the compelling economics that this substantial technology inflection brings, with the momentum building into 2020 and beyond. As we said in the previous calls 5G is a technology, not a product. It offers gigabit speeds, ultra-low latency and greatly enhanced network capacity catalyzing a wide set of usage cases, while becoming be the universal connector.  Although the smartphone will lead the transition to 5G, we see an even more compelling opportunity in new markets and applications, including industrial IoT, autonomous transport, smart cities, artificial intelligence and the proliferation of high definition streaming media. More importantly, highly integrated connectivity engines will play a pivotal role in the deployment of this next generation standard, by resolving the daunting analog and RF complexities that challenge the capabilities of existing hardware and networks.  Skyworks is squarely at the forefront of this sea change in connectivity. We have a rich heritage in the design and execution of highly integrated and customizable system solutions, earning the trust of market leaders as they cross the chasm from 4G to 5G.  Our operational footprint goes far beyond units and scale. It is centered on unique strategic technologies, crafted in our own fabs, while creating sustainable competitive advantage. Our technology strength is fortified by world class performance in scale across a broad array of capabilities, including TC-SAW and Bulk Acoustic Wave filters, an expanded family of MIMO Solutions and ultra-high band and diversity receive module.  Our highly customized system solutions support a broad set of wireless protocols, including GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, LoRa, Zigbee and of course 4G and 5G. From our breakthrough Sky5 unifying platform, our 5G small cell solution, Skyworks comprehensive approach across both infrastructure and user equipment facilitates powerful, high speed, end-to-end connectivity.  Now in our mobile business, traction in 5G is accelerating, with design wins at leading OEMs leveraging our broad and growing set of platforms. Our solutions are purpose built to offer interoperability and customization across all baseband suppliers including Qualcomm, MediaTek, Samsung LSI and HiSilicon, and with the successful launch and expanding capabilities of our BAW filter portfolio, we are positioned to extend our reach across a broader spectrum of 4G and 5G bands. 
,: Now moving to the infrastructure markets Skyworks is leveraging its vast capability in gallium arsenide, BAW technology and Ceramics to support strategic customers as they deploy their 5G networks. 5G infrastructure requires new technologies and capabilities, which drive the need for a unique set of complex solutions. For example, massive MIMO increases RF content up to 8x per base station, with new antenna systems utilizing multiple channels and beam steering to deliver gigabit speeds.  As a company we remain focused on driving diversification across high value markets, while our customer set continues to expand and is now numbered in thousands. In addition, we are gaining momentum in new verticals, enabling wins with automotive leaders like Continental, Audi and BMW, along with industrial players including Honeywell, Siemens, GE, Phillips and Rockwell.  So in summary, Skyworks has strategic partnerships with the leading smartphone and IoT providers, along with a burgeoning set of entirely new customers enabled by the capabilities of 5G. Differentiated system solutions with unmatched levels of integration and performance, focused and strategic investments, expanding our product portfolio, IP and scale, and finally a predictable business model that yields premium profitability and strong cash flow. The strength of our design win pipeline coupled with our experience across multiple technology generations positions us well to convert these market opportunities into sustainable growth.  With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of our Q4 and fiscal year performance as well as our outlook for Q1. 
Kris Sennesael: Thanks Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2019 was $827 million, up 8% sequentially and $2 million above the midpoint of the outlook we provided in August. When excluding the revenue from Huawei, in both the June and September quarter, our revenue increased 20% sequentially. This represents one of the strongest sequential growth rates for Skyworks.  Gross profit in the fourth quarter was $416 million, resulting in a gross margin of 50.3% in line with expectations. Operating expenses were $135 million, flatish through the March and June quarters. Going forward, operating expenses will come down as we implemented certain cost reductions during the fourth fiscal quarter.  We generated $281 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 34%, up 110 basis points from fiscal Q3. Other income was $3 million and our effective tax rate was 7.7%, driving net income of $262 million or $1.52 of diluted earnings per share, up 13% sequentially.  Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow; fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $417 million and capital expenditures were $84 million, resulting in $333 million of free cash flow, translating into a free cash flow margin of 40%. We paid $75 million in dividends, and repurchase 1.9 million shares of our common stock for a total of $146 million.  As this is the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, let’s also review our annual results. We generated $3.4 billion of revenue with gross profit of $1.7 billion, resulting in a gross margin of 50.6%. Operating income was $1.2 billion. We have an operating margin of 34.5%.  Full year effective tax rate was 8.5% and net income was $1.1 billion, translating into $6.17 of diluted earnings per share. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion, up 8.5% from last year, with CapEx at $398 million, resulting in a strong free cash flow of close to $1 billion and our target free cash flow margin of 30%.  We returned $932 million to shareholders in fiscal 2019, just under 100% of our free cash flow, with $274 million of dividend payments, and $658 million in share buybacks as we repurchased 8.9 million shares throughout the fiscal year. We ended the fiscal year ‘19 with cash and investments of $1 billion and we have no debt.  Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2020. The initial launch of 5G and gains across a diverse set of high-performance mobile solutions, matched with solid traction in growth markets, are driving accelerated growth into the December quarter.  For the first fiscal quarter of 2020 we anticipate revenue to be between $870 million and $890 million, representing sequential growth of 6.5% at the midpoint of the range. We expect gross margin at approximately 50% and operating expenses of approximately $132 million, which is $7 million below Q1 of last year as we continue to manage our operating expense level.  Below the line we anticipate roughly $2.5 million in other income and a tax rate of 9%. We expect our diluted share count to further reduce to approximately $171 million shares. Accordingly at the midpoint of these ranges, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.65. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam. 
Liam Griffin: Thanks Chris. Skyworks continues to deliver consistently solid profitability, while generating strong cash flow. Looking ahead, our market leading solutions are at the forefront of the next major cycle in connectivity. However, unlike the prior 3G and 4G upgrades which were largely paced by smartphone unit, we see 5G as a transformational technology that will impact, disrupt, and fuel a connected economy that we have not yet seen or comprehended in our markets today.  We addressed this opportunity with a proven culture of success, driven by a talented team, deep customer relationships, strategic investments and global scale, positioning us to succeed at this very important stage of technology inflection, while executing the financial discipline to ensure shareholder value.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, lets open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from a line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Your line is open. 
Karl Ackerman : Hey, good afternoon gentlemen. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I want to focus on 5G for a moment. So some of your peers have got at least 200 million 5G phones for next year. I would appreciate how you are thinking about your opportunity for 5G with regard to geography and whether or not we should anticipate the 40% content uplift that you've alluded to from 4G to 5G. Should that be realized over the duration of the ramp or is that recognized more immediately on initial devices; and I have a follow up. 
Liam Griffin: Sure, well 5G of course is going to impact multiple markets, multiple customers and the timing of that could be different depending on the geography and the specific OEM. We are 100% engaged with all the leading players, we have a really significant opportunity to gain content, we are rolling that out now. The reach of our portfolio continues to expand and we have some really significant customers that are in production now. We also have some really big customers, they're going to be launching next year.  So we are in great shape, we are demonstrating the capabilities that we discussed in prior calls. I will tell you that the 5G implementation is incredibly powerful for the consumer, but very challenging for the OEM and our job is to get in there and do the hard work with our customers, and deliver the right kind of technology to make their systems work, and that's what we're doing. 
Karl Ackerman : I appreciate that. On 5G infrastructure, you reference some design wins for massive MIMO and the content being nearly 8x higher than 4G. Do you see the revenue inflection more of a 2021 event or is that something that can ramp in the back half of 2020? Thank you. 
Liam Griffin: Yeah, no that's a great question. So the infrastructure side of 5G is still a little bit behind schedule, so we are seeing some great adoption with the handset players and they'll be ready to roll, but infrastructure has been a little bit slower.  We've made some great progress specifically with Nokia and with Ericsson. On Nokia’s platforms we’ve got opportunities that are you know measured in the $10 to $15 per base station, significant opportunity. We're looking at antenna arrays that are very rich, high content, complex high margin, going to be pivotal to that, and they use a lot of unique technologies that we also bring to market, including some ceramic technologies and other filtering technologies, as well as our gallium arsenide expertise. So we do have a great hand in the infrastructure side that will work adjacent to what we see in the mobile phone. 
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Liam for my first one, how are you positioned OpEx and CapEx wise when it comes to addressing the 5G market? I think you mentioned some OpEx right sizing in the quarter, which areas did you right size? And just overall, you know and where my question is coming from is that in the past you had one really large customer, but as we come to the 5G opportunity, you'll probably need to address a much wider range of customers I imagine over a much wider range of a products. So how are you managing OpEx and CapEx going into the 5G cycle? 
Liam Griffin: Sure, great question. So just to start, you know some of the reductions in OpEx were more around 2G, 3G products and legacy devices and moving R&D resources to higher end platforms, like Sky5 and the 5G rollout, so that’s one part of it.  We are addressing all the customers and working across our market to deliver the right technology. Also you know when you mention CapEx, you know one of the things that we do at Skyworks is we craft our technology and build it in house. We very rarely outsource. We do it in house; we have incredible capabilities to customize a wide range of TC-SAW products, TC-SAW base products with that filter inside and also our Bulk Acoustic Wave portfolio. So the CapEx that we have is actually strategic technology investments. These are not filters that we could buy in the open market, they are filters that we craft and customize and work customer by customer to implement. It’s a very different business dynamic, a business model than some of our peers.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, on gross margins, I think Kris you mentioned that it would be approximately 50%. So I'm just curious, is it just mix that's driving them, you know perhaps kind of flat to slightly lower, and then how should we think about the trajectory of gross margins getting into March, which tends to be a seasonally down quarter? 
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, yeah Vivek. So first of all, I'm pleased with our gross margin performance in the September quarter at 50.3. You also have to take into account that we had some serious headwinds with the export ban on Huawei, which was our second largest customer and most of those products were actually manufactured in-house, so that was a serious headwind for us, but I think the company managed it very well. So we are guiding for December, approximately 50% so we still have some lingering issues there with the Huawei business.  And then of course, when you look ahead into March and June we will go through our normal seasonality, but then in the second half of 2020, as we get back to a sequential growth, growth that is fueled by 5G new, complex, highly integrated products, as well as our [growth] [ph] market business, we will start seeing gross margin improvements all the way up to our target multiple of 53%. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open. 
Jamison Crone: Hi guys, this is Jamison calling for Ambrish. So I was hoping that you guys could talk about a little bit more about 5G and piggy backing on Karl’s commentary. Qualcomm has talked about 200 million 5G smartphone in 2020 and assuming you are able to get 50 percent market share and maybe half of the $25 content you talked about in front end value, that would imply about $1.3 billion in 5G revenue possible for you guys in 2020.  So I was wondering if you guys could talk about the revenue and percentage mix of 5G in your mobile segment this quarter and where do you expect revenues and mix to land in 2020 and beyond? Thank you. 
A - Liam Griffin: Yeah, we don't – we're not going to guide mix to 5G, but I will tell you that we are at the forefront. As we stated in the prepared remarks, we’re at the forefront of this inflection without question and it's difficult to handicap how many units, but I will tell you, there's a lot of units coming, there's a lot of complexity on the table. Everyone’s going to come to market with a different play, but it's a great opportunity for this industry, it really is, and what we love about our company is the flexibility that we have and the tools that we have to put together configurations with every customer.  And let me also say that you know we are basically technology agnostic or base band agnostic. We will sell with a Qualcomm base band; we’ll work with the MediaTek platform. We have incredible content there. We’ll work with Samsung LSI and if conditions change with Huawei we’ll work with HiSilicon, so we have the tools and technology.  We've been investing in this for years. You know when we talk about decades of technology, it’s real. We've been through 2G, 3G, 4G. We know how hard it is in 5G, but it’s a great opportunity So we're going to see an increasing level of revenue in 5G and it will not just be smartphone. It will be smartphone, IoT, it will be enterprise, it'll be factory automation and some incredible new avenues that we haven't even explored yet. So there's a lot coming and the business is ready to go. We’ve made great investments in capacity and the right technologies and we’re positioned for growth. 
Jamison Crone: Thanks. And for my follow-up I was wondering if you could maybe touch on your plan for millimeter wave solutions, just for your company given where Qualcomm is with theirs. Any thoughts on the market in terms of liability and revenue for handsets will be appreciated? Thank you.
A - Liam Griffin: Sure, sure. Yeah, well millimeter wave is an interesting technology. It does – you know can offer some pretty compelling attributes around speed and performance. The challenge with it though is, it has some technical road blocks right. You need to have some very complex beam steering to implement this. There's some line of sight limitations; there’s some cost limitations to it and what we're seeing is some of our handset partners are just not ready right now to engage in that technology, and often for you know sub 6 gigahertz, 5G technologies where the market is pretty rich and the opportunity is pretty rich.  So I think there's a possibility for millimeter wave to play a role in this industry and you know high capacity environments, sporting events, college campuses where there's a great deal of density. There could be an opportunity for that, but right now it's kind of still on the cusp of whether the adoption will take place or not.  Meanwhile, we're hedging our best; we’re investing in the technology; you know we do a lot of our work internally as I mentioned with the Kelly Marcin filtering. So we know the road map looks like to be a player in millimeter wave, but we're going to take our time as we progress. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open. 
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys, thanks for my question. I just wanted to get back to the 5G timing. You've seen Qorvo and Qualcomm talk about a March up-tick and I'm just kind of curious because you, you know put that with comments as some of the infrastructure is taking a little bit more time. I know you don't want to guide March, but I’m just kind of curious, would you be able to see an up-tick even as early as the March quarter. Any comments on the direction there and then the pace of the rest of the year will be helpful. 
A - Liam Griffin: Sure. Yeah, I mean there should really be no difference between the peer group on what the units are going to be, right. So we can all handicap that. I think the issue and the opportunity Blayne is what we do, how do we execute and what kind of content can we gain in this industry, that's kind of more at this point for us. So a couple of things: If you look at the company year-over-year, we’ve done incredible enhancements in our TC-SAW capability and rounding out low band PAD and DRx across the board, which is great. But we’ve also uplifted the technology with Bulk Acoustic Wave. We're already delivering ultra-high band solutions right now that are very compelling and our customers love them.  We're moving into mid and high band also with accounts and then you have just an incredible inflection and infrastructure that we talked about, and then further on we’ll start to see the 5G opportunity really penetrate multi markets; automotive, machine-to-machine applications; we talked a little bit about that, enterprise, a lot of really cool stuff that we're talking to customers about and some of that maybe later into late 2020 to ’21, but there's a really significant tail on that.  But in the meantime, all the companies that you named and all the OEMs that are on the table, we are deeply engaged and we have been for quite a while and feeling really good about where this is moving. 
Blayne Curtis: Thanks and then maybe just for Kris, just if you can give us any color in the September for the mixed-stream mobile and broad markets and any perspective into December between those segments in terms of growth. 
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, absolutely. So growth markets in the September quarter was approximately 33% of total revenue, so its running now well above $1.1 billion in annualized run rate. This was down slightly on a sequential basis, but you have to take into account that we also have Huawei related revenue in that broad market business.  If I exclude Huawei, actually it was up sequentially, as well as year-over-year in the mid-single digits. So very pleased with our performance in growth markets, as multiple drivers there, the Wi-Fi 6 adoption, the 5G opportunity beyond the mobile phone, as well as some good traction in our audio play that we have as well. 
Liam Griffin: Yeah Blayne, let me add a couple of other interesting points here. In addition to kind of the run right opportunities in broad markets, we've really been focused on cost – what I call customer acquisition. Going out there and finding new account that we can populate with our technology and we made some really good progress design wins now with Honeywell, design wins with Ford, design wins with Continental, Rockwell, Siemen, we have some other great account that we can't talk about yet that are on the cusp.  So we're really happy with the ability to run broad markets in a diversified way, but also capture significant customers that just haven't been part of the Skyworks family, right, because we haven't been selling to these guys. And with the technology inflection in 5G and the need for these companies to go to a wireless engine, it's a great chance for us to do our work. So there's some other cool things happening in broad market that really weren't on the table a year or two go. 
Operator: And your next question comes from a line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley FBR. Your line is open. 
Craig Ellis : Yeah, thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the performance guys. Liam, I wanted to follow-up with some of the 5G commentary, both prepared and in Q&A. So I think if we look back at 4G, integrated mobile was a business that could consistently be a mid-teens year-on-year grower and now with 5G the company has expanded its filter portfolio with BAW.  You've got internal filter supply, we've never had that before in our interface transition and you've got it top to bottom. So my question is, as you look at the engagements that exist across your different OEMs, do you feel like you're gaining the line of sight for that segment to not only return to growth, but to potentially return to mid-teens double digit year-on-year growth? 
A - Liam Griffin: Yeah, I think as you know, like the opportunity is very, very strong right now and the indications we have with the customers we've been working with are powerful, and the complexity is way up and some of the points that you just made about honing our facility with big deals, it's a big deal. We could have gone outside to do that at a lower performing engine, that’s not the way we want to go. So there's a lot of complexity right now.  There's a customer engagement with us. We're always reaching into our accounts, but they are coming into us too. So it's a difficult transition to make technically, but it has incredible benefit. And so we saw a lot of great action in the last quarter, a lot of action in design wins, lots of discussions, lots of visits to our sites from our leading customers to go in and really kick the tires on some of the things that we are working on and most customers walking away with confidence.  So we think this is going to be a very significant – this is more than a mobile inflection. This is a technology shift that’s going to disrupt the markets that we all play in here, right. So I think there is some great stuff going on, and we'll start to see more and more customers evolve, classic mobile customers, but then kind of that second wave into IoT, enterprise, etcetera, where there's just a long tail of opportunity.  So we feel good about it. I feel it’s a design win activity in the last six months or so that has really accelerated, the sampling activity across a whole set of OEMs, also some really good work with base band partners. We've done some exceptional work with MediaTek for example, transitioning from a strong position in Phase 6 now shifting to Phase 7, which is all 5G; launching the higher frequency bands with BAW. So it’s a compelling time right now for Skyworks to execute. We are not opportunity constrained. It's about getting out there and helping our customers win. 
Craig Ellis : That's really helpful. Kris, the next question is for you and I wanted to follow-up on the comments that gross margins could move from current levels up towards the 53% target model. What I wanted to do is break that down and get your help just on identifying what the specific drivers are.  So can you just help us understand how we get from first 50% to 51%. Is that all just going to be volume coming back and kind of making up for the loss of Huawei and then more significantly I think getting from 51% to 53%. If you could just help us understand how much of that is helped from broad markets, Avnera, mix shift within the integrated mobile portfolio from 4G to 5G, etcetera, it would help give us some clarity on how we get to 53%. Thank you. 
Kris Sennesael: Yes, that’s a good question and so I’ve answered in the previous question there, some of the headwinds of course is the Huawei revenue that almost disappears and Huawei was running on or about 15% percent of total revenue and so that’s definitely a headwind.  But nevertheless, I think we have been able to keep the margins above the 50% and looking forward there are three major blocks to drive margin improvement and the first one, the most important one is continue to develop highly integrated complex, high value added type of products to our customers, that made their product better and that made the user experience better. And we do that all the time, and 5G is a great opportunity to demonstrate our technology leadership and help improve as a result of that our margins.  Of course in addition to that, we will continue to work out operational cost structure and drive down the cost in our factories and with our suppliers and all of that, and then last but not least, of course yes there is a little bit of a tailwind in terms of mix. Our broad market business has a higher gross margin that our mobile business, and our broad margin business has been growing and will continue to be growing faster than mobile and so we get a little bit of tailwind there as well. 
Liam Griffin: Yeah and I will add one thing to that comment. I think that if you look at 5G and the complexity of 5G and the types of unique systems and engines that are being deployed, the margins there are going to be higher. I think there's going to be fewer players in the industry that can execute to the level that our customers need to be successful.  So I think you've got a case where the 5G inflection and the power of that connection and the value that that's providing is going to translate to better growth margins, it’s just the way that’s going to run. Now working within our factories is going to make it even easier for us, but there's going to be, and there should be for us you know meaningful margin rules with the roll-out of 5G as we get a higher level of concentration there.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes thanks. First question just Liam, to follow-up on the BAW activity. You know you’ve see that mostly in diversity receive at this point? And then just how you think about it and the future layering into you mentioned kind of ultra-high band pad and things like that. 
Liam Griffin: Sure Craig. Yeah, so we actually, right now today have been shipping in high volume on ultra-high band path that includes our BAW device and that's running at about 3.3 gig Craig, so we are looking at high frequency, high band devices.  We are sampling more than 10 customers with our bulk acoustic wave technology across a broad set of frequencies and spectrum, and you know we’ve had strategic customers come and test our metal and they like what they see. So we are going to continue advancing that category, and we’ll use the filtering technology that’s best equipped for the application. We’ll continue to use TC-SAW and some areas we’ll bulk acoustic wave, and in some areas maybe it will be in diversity receive, maybe it will be in transmit chain.  So again, just having the ability to create that unique customization for each and every one of our accounts is important for us. So we’ve made those investments, and you should expect more from us from the BAW side as the year turns here, as we get further into 2020. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, and then just a follow-up for Kris. I know you guys have talk about it, as you insource filters, the inventory is kind of higher than the historic. You know just how you are thinking about managing that into what's typically the seasonally this easily weaker March quarter. Yeah okay soul compatible with where we are from an infantry weaker march quarter. 
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, so I feel comfortable with where we are from an inventory level. Actually the days on inventory came down four days to 135 days, and is expected to continue to come down in the December quarter, but looking forward, inventory is going to split the rate between 120 days to 140, to 145 days and again, that is higher than a couple years ago, mainly driven by our filter manufacturing. We continue to expand the capacity not only in TC-SAW but now also having make major investments to get Bulk Acoustic Wave capacity into our filter operation and so that is driving the inventories and to the 120 to 145 days.
Operator: And your next question comes from a line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open. 
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you, the first question is on Huawei and I think last quarter your commentary was that the majority of the restrictions were on the infrastructure products, but yet in the handset products you sold to Huawei and you weren’t getting demand signal. Could you give an update on where that stands now, how much Huawei is in the guidance right now, and do you expect that to come back at some point going forward, you know speaking to the handset side. 
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so the Huawei revenue played out exactly in-line with our expectations, in the September quarter we expected to approximately $10 million of revenue and that's what it – that's what it came in. So looking for work, we believe that Huawei will continue to run at approximately that level, maybe it might be picking up a little bit, but a lot of that will depend on this whole situation with Huawei and the export ban will evolve. 
Liam Griffin: Yeah, I mean Chris this is really just about being in compliance with the export ban. It's not about share loss or gain, it's about being in compliance and as Kris said $10 million was the number for the quarter. Over time if things change, we could be right back in the saddle with this customer. They were our number two customer for us, not long ago. So it's not about technology on our end or market share, it's really about staying I compliance with U.S. law at this point, and if things change, we’ll be ready to alter. 
Chris Caso: Alright, as a follow-up, I guess as a follow up on that, and there has been some investor concerns over, other fall out around the trade tensions where you know perhaps some Chinese customers would seek to be less reliant on U.S. content, perhaps even backsliding into discrete solutions.  Could you talk to that, what the customers are telling you or is there any evidence where you've got customers that perhaps would like to go away from U.S. content and you know as you move into 5G and work in the higher complexity, is that even a feasible solution at this point and can you develop a 5G phone that uses discrete solutions. 
Liam Griffin: Yeah, so I'll start -- I’ll get the second part and then I go to the front end of your question. So I think it's very difficult to deliver the kind of compelling technology that is needed in a 5G device, I really do, I believe that, and I think you know, U.S. companies had played a vital role in that area and I think we have this great technology. It’s difficult to do it without some of the things that we make here at Skyworks and some of our other peers, so that's one. 
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Liam, if I could, there’s been a lots of ultra-high band and Sub-6 stuff. Qualcomm obviously based on their comments is just going to take it all. They said something like virtually all base band antenna solutions for 200 something different flagship devices.  Leaving that aside for now and any comments you want to make on what you’re seeing competitive threats on that, but more importantly, it looks like the architectures that are coming out in the next year, but each are from China Mobile including the 79 bands. What’s your opening now on the content for the device, ultra-high beams up for a while probably normally about $2 in content.  Are you seeing this rise much faster than expected, because you’re including these extra bands in this? And do you expect to capture your traditional share, which has been relatively high in that spot for the next year or so or are you getting more competition? Then I have a follow-up.
Liam Griffin:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Edward Snyder: And then, I’m glad you brought that up. He was my second question basically. I mean the Chinese OEMs took their toe in Phase 6 last year to the first full module design, and for safety sake, it looked like in the core we took most of the main path, you guys were all over the place and the other sections of it, but it sounds like now they like to – love to really accelerate the deployment of both Phase 6 and Phase 7 sooner before MediaTek gets their 5G out.  We certainly saw that in some of the reports coming out on the quarter, big upside in not only number of 5G phones but a number that are using more of these high content modules.  You kind of stepped back a little bit last year just because on the transition to this new architecture volumes when for safety and I know your taking some of that back, but outside of say the DRx and all the other areas you guys were in tune as we saw that, outside of that packet, the main path, you expect to gain back some of the share now that the OEMs are getting comfortable with that design or are we going to see a bifurcation here where it’s you and Qorvo taking nearly all the content in this fall, and then it’s just going to be bifurcated main path for them and most of everything else for you guys, what’s your feeling on that?
Liam Griffin: Yes, I think – well, I think you’ve got a lot of that captured. You definitely have an increased opportunity and we are certainly not going to get all of the business. We’d like to get the lion’s share and I think we will, but it’s an increased opportunity and in the complexity that you see in these new phones, the Phase 7 devices specifically are deontic right?  It takes the best and the brightest to go out there and execute it, so we’re seeing that, but I will tell you that in addition to the traditional stuff that you see in low band PAD and maybe some of the DRx, we’re starting to move up the mid and high band. We’re starting to move up with mid and high band pads, which could be a really meaningful high potency opportunity for us for content. You mentioned, we talked about the UHP that’s continuing to gain not just with MediaTek, but with some other accounts.  So the aperture’s widened a bit, but one of the common themes here is complexity, like you said, the number of devices, the number of hand-offs carrier aggregation, the power consumption and the efficiency required to drive these 5G devices, it’s just going to be a game changer in terms of challenge and that’s exactly what we want to see. So there’s some really good stuff out there. We hope to lead in this market, but it’s a great opportunity for the industry as well.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Bill Peterson from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Bill Peterson: Yes, hi. Thanks for sneaking me in. I have some questions around the broad markets business and I guess first is a follow-up to Blayne’s question. Do you anticipate sequential growth in the December quarter? I mean, I know Huawei is kind of running at a low level and then I guess as you think about the fiscal year based off your design win pipeline, you talked about Wi-Fi 6 and some of the other opportunities. How should we think about growth and that can never turn back to double digit growth as we think about that in this fiscal year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, just for the December quarter broad markets, normal seasonality is down 8% to 10%. We saw that in fiscal ‘18, we saw that in fiscal ‘19 and so we expect something similar in the December quarter of fiscal ‘20, normal seasonality. Having said that, on a full year basis, yes, we do believe that broad markets given all the drivers that we’ve talked about, it could be back to double-digit year-over-year growth.
Liam Griffin: And recall, if you look at the proxy for semis in 2019, you’re looking at double-digit declines for most of those markets. The broad markets within our business, we felt they behaved pretty well and grew pretty nicely, but we’re going to continue to invest and drive that into 2020.
Bill Peterson: Okay, thanks for that color. And I guess just lastly a housekeeping. How should we think about OpEx trajectory throughout the year? Are you bringing it down here in the December quarter? Should we expect that to kind of grow somewhat in line as revenues continue to grow and maybe return to year-on-year growth? And then your tax rate, I guess 9%, so we just assume that for the fiscal year as well?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, on OpEx we’re going to remain disciplined, but at the same time we’re not going to hesitate to make the necessary investments to fuel the growth of the business and make those necessary investments in technology, 5G, broad markets, support of the broad markets.  So yes, over time here in fiscal ‘20 we will see some modest increases in the OpEx. It’s running on or about 16% or so to revenue right now, which I do believe is world-class and we will continue to manage it. And then on the tax rate, you know on a full year basis on or about 9% is a good number.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam Griffin:
’:
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' third fiscal quarter 2019 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion today will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks Mitch, and welcome everyone. Skyworks delivered solid financial results in Q3, as the resiliency of our business model allowed us to maintain strong profitability and cash flow. Looking at the quarter in more detail, we reported revenue of $767 million, slightly above our guidance, drove gross margin of 50.4%, and operating margin of 33%, while delivering earnings per share of $1.35. And our cash generation continues to be strong, with operating cash flow of $950 million year-to-date. Looking forward, our design win pipeline is expanding as we capitalize on the ramp of 5G in wireless infrastructure, smartphones, and across IoT. For example, in wireless infrastructure, Skyworks is now supporting a number of global 5G deployments. Our solutions address both 5G macro base stations and small cell radios, and we are ramping today with leading European and Japanese infrastructure OEMs. In addition, Skyworks is enabling 5G massive MIMO base stations for a leading Korean customer. Across the IoT space, we are gaining share in new emerging categories with recent wins at Facebook for their Oculus VR headset, and with Vizio for their sound bars, leveraging our analog SOCs and cognitive wireless radios. We also secured low power LTE CAT M design wins with the leading module providers, including Telit, Gemalto, U-Blox, and Sierra Wireless. And we are expanding our reach in the wearables market where we are populating devices that combine our cellular and Wi-Fi technology. We've also extended our Wi-Fi leadership with several signature design wins in the last quarter, including Cisco with their WiFi 6 solutions, DirecTV for their over the top streaming devices, as well as design wins with industry leaders such as Amazon, Nest, and Netgear. Finally, in mobile, for the coming wave of 5G phones, we've deepened our engagements with key customers, leveraging our unique suite of solutions to support launches at Samsung, LG, Oppo, Vivo, and others. As these opportunities demonstrate the demand for advanced connectivity and the expansive nature of 5G are creating real time opportunities for Skyworks. With 5G now launched on four continents, operators are seeing the compelling economics that 5G services can bring, and we expect momentum to continue building into 2020 and beyond. To be clear, 5G is a technology and not a product. And we expect the performance gains in speed, latency, and network capacity to spawn a much broader ecosystem where 5G becomes the universal connector. With the application scope going far beyond the smartphone, 5G is already driving new usage cases in emerging areas like industrial IoT, autonomous transport, smart cities, and digital health. For Skyworks, this is a tremendous opportunity as our scale and experience across multiple technology generations position us to lead as 5G becomes a reality. Our capital investments have enabled us to build highly specialized and vertically integrated supply chain capable of meeting the complex demands of the world's most innovative customers. We continue to advance our filter capabilities, creating leadership positions in SAW and TC-SAW, and in Q3, we commenced volume production of BAW-enabled devices. These devices will be shipping this quarter. Incorporating BAW expands our TAM in mobile and positions us to support a wider array of customers, markets, and applications. And in addition to 5G, our capabilities in broad markets have grown as we now serve an expanded set of global customers, including companies like Ford, Continental, LG, along with factory automation leaders such as Bosch, Honeywell, Siemens, and GE. Today, we generate nearly $1.1 billion in annual revenues from our broad market portfolio. That's a compound growth rate of 16% since 2013. So in summary, Skyworks is at the forefront of ubiquitous connectivity, leveraging our decades of experience, world-class scale, and customer relationships. We are well positioned to continue executing on our vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter’s performance and our outlook for Q4.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2019 was $767 million, that is $2 million above the midpoint of our June 4 updated guidance. Our third quarter revenue reflects the impact of the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Securities of the U.S. Department of Commerce, placing Huawei Technologies and certain of its affiliates on the entity list. Skyworks ceased all shipments to Huawei as of the date Huawei was added to the entity list. After an in-depth review of the export administration regulations and the scope of the entity list restrictions, we ultimately determine that we could lawfully resume shipping certain products, which we did start in early July. However, we expect the business with Huawei to remain well below historical levels into the current quarter. Third fiscal quarter non-GAAP gross profit was $386 million resulting in a non-GAAP gross margin of 50.4%. As noted in the financial statements attached to our earnings release, we incurred a GAAP only nonrecurring charge of $67 million, primarily consisting of inventory related write-downs due to the addition of Huawei to the BIS entity list.  Operating expenses were $134 million better than our guidance and down slightly sequentially, as we continue to effectively manage our operating expenses. We generated $252 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 33%. Third quarter effective tax rate was 8.2%. This drove net income of $234 million or $1.35 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, third fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $209 million, and for the first nine months of fiscal year operating cash flow was $950 million. Third fiscal quarter capital expenditures were $88 million, we distributed $66 million in dividends and repurchased 1.2 million shares of our common stock for a total of $86 million.  During the first nine months of the fiscal year, we have returned approximately $710 million to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends, and this represents 112% of the free cash flow we’ve generated this year. We ended the quarter with the cash and investment balance of just under $1 billion with no debt. Now looking ahead to fiscal Q4, we are on track to deliver sequential revenue and earnings growth in the September quarter as we execute on strategic product ramps. Specifically, we anticipate revenue in the range of $815 million to $835 million or $825 million at the midpoint. The revenue outlook assumes Huawei revenue remains at nominal levels given the uncertainty associated with ongoing trade related issues.  At the midpoint of the range, revenue is expected to increase 8% sequentially despite significantly lower revenue to Huawei compared to the June quarter. Excluding Huawei in the June and September quarters, we expect our revenue to increase 20% sequentially, reflecting strong seasonal ramps at our large customers as we demonstrate our expanding reach and ability to deliver complex and highly integrated solutions. We expect gross margin in the range of 50% to 50.5%, approximately flat compared to the June quarter, despite the lower factory utilization associated with the reduced demand from Huawei. We expect opening expenses of approximately $135 million, as we continue to adjust our spending levels. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $3.5 million in other income and an effective tax rate of approximately 8.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be 172.5 million shares. At the midpoint of $825 million in revenue we plan to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.50. Finally, today we also announced a 16% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.44 per share, reflecting our confidence in Skyworks business model and sustainable cash generation capabilities. And with that, let me turn the call back to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Chris. As a proven technology leader, we are leveraging our Sky5 platforms and systems expertise to enable the billions of connections between devices and the cloud, providing the underlying foundation for an entirely new ecosystem in today's connected world. Looking forward, Skyworks is uniquely positioned with established leadership and growing markets and expansive and innovative set of 5G solutions, global scale and the deep customer relationships that are facilitating the mobile economy of tomorrow.  That concludes our prepared remarks, operator let's open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from line of Vivek Arya. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I actually had two of them, if I could. First, Liam I'm curious, how do you expect your largest customer to do in September, both on a sequential and on a year-on-year basis? I realized everyone in the industry is conservative on units, but I was hoping you could give us your insights on content growth that can perhaps help offset some of that unit conservatism. So to whatever extent you can if you could help us give us some color on sequential and year-on-year growth at your largest customer?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, I mean, it certainly comes down to units, but I will say that the Skyworks team continues to work with all the most significant flagship phones and customers, and we continue to do that this year. And a number of very exciting design wins have been consummated with leading customers, we're really proud of what we've done. We're continuing to expand the scope and the reach of the device count, and the complexity of what we offer. So, we really can't predict how the unit curve will look, but I can tell you that our ability to grow and gain content, especially in highly complex, high margin areas is something that we’ll demonstrate and we will be very proud to show.
Vivek Arya: And as a follow-up, Liam, as you start fiscal 2020, I realized that last year was a tough year for the industry with all the weakness in premium units and then the Huawei ban. But as you start fiscal 2020, how should we just conceptually think about growth, there's definitely benefits from the onset of 5G, but how material can it be? And if you could just give us an overall look at how you are looking at Skyworks’ overall growth prospects for fiscal 2020? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I think 2019 as you mentioned has been a difficult year for a number of reasons. There was some volatility early in our fiscal year that was kind of a macro issue. And then we've had the effects of this Huawei ban, which has been pretty significant but we’ll manage. But I do think there's tremendous momentum and excitement around mobile today and around 5G at a higher level. So we're starting to see the rollouts on the infrastructure side, we talked about that in prepared remarks. We're certainly working with all the customers that matter in helping them develop 5G capabilities in their smartphone devices, and we expect this to be an incredible catalyst for the industry.  As I said in the prepared remarks, 5G is really a universal connector. It is a technology, it's not a product, it will populate multi-market opportunities for us. We have great, great solutions to make that happen. So, we're really excited about 2020 and beyond. We also feel good in the near-term right now. We just guided a 20% sequential quarter if we net out the effects of Huawei, which we really can't control today. As we look into our Q1, the December quarter, we see sequential growth coming again. So we feel bullish about that and the prospects of 5G ahead.
Operator: Next question comes from line of Craig Ellis with Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Yes, that's B. Riley FBR. Thanks for taking the question guys. Liam, let me just follow-up on the last comment. As we look at the December quarter, how should we think about normal seasonality for that business and is the profile that you see right now, one quarter out trending favorable versus that seasonality or to macro cross currents that probably [ph] mean that you would expect to be below normal seasonality?
Liam Griffin: Well, I think we will be able to deliver a solid seasonal ramp, Craig, coming into our Q1 here in the back half of the calendar year. And again, it is a number of customers involved here, not just one, but we feel good about the outlook during that time frame. We have very good visibility, by the way, with respect to that timing. And we also have very good visibility on what we've consummated from a design perspective in the devices that we put forth in leading smart phones. So we feel good about coming through. And then the balance of the year, we'll see how things go. I think broad markets continues to be a strategic vector for us. And despite some of the challenges that we're enduring right now, with Huawei, we think a lot of that demand and time is going to get redistributed and we'll be able to take advantage of that.
Craig Ellis: Okay. And then for the follow-up, let me just get to really clarification cleanups for Kris. Kris can you give us the segment splits and then just on the inventory, days moved up pretty materially on hand was up about 5% despite the write-down. So, how should we think about the company's ability to work down inventory and get it back into a normal level? Thanks guys.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, let me first give you the splits. So broad markets in Q3 was 37% of total revenue, which was up low-single digits sequentially as well as year-over-year. And you have to, of course, keep in mind that in broad markets, business was also impacted by the Huawei ban, some of the Huawei revenue is accounted for in broad markets, the infrastructure part, as well as some non-mobile wireless connectivity solutions that we provide to Huawei. Again, broad markets, it’s running at more than $1.1 billion in annualized revenue. And I think, Liam talked in the prepared remarks about a lot of the strength that we see in that market segment with the launch of WiFi 6, some of the wearable products, automotive, and IoT in general. And so, broad market was 37%, on the flip side mobile was 63%, which was down approximately 10% sequentially and our slowest seasonal quarter of the year. And of course, that segment was impacted even more by the Huawei shipment ban. So that's the split. And then maybe on inventory. Inventory in the June quarter, which again is our slowest seasonal quarter of the year, was up $25 million, days of inventory were up 13 days to 139 days. And so, during our seasonal slowest quarter of the year here, we definitely have been level loading our factories in order to drive efficient usage of our capital equipment. And all of it of course in support of the new product ramps that we have with our key customers and where we talked about it, we see a 20% sequential growth into the September quarter, excluding Huawei and then even further growth into the December quarter. And so, we -- in the September and December quarter, we do expect the days of inventory to come down as we will consume some of that inventory. And going forward, I do expect inventory to fluctuate between 110 days to 140 days, depending on where we are in the seasonal cycle. And so that is slightly higher than historical levels. But you have to keep in mind that what was a four or five years ago, none of the filters we were making in house. We were all purchase them from third parties and maybe two years ago, we got to roughly 50% of the filters in house. By now, we are getting close to 95% of the filters in house. And so that's obviously is driving some higher levels of inventory. But again inventory is fully in line with what we expected and days of inventory will come down in the September and December quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Liam, as we think about 5G from a design perspective, any color in terms of the traction you're seeing on the smartphone side? And then also just a rough estimate of how that's playing out in dollar content and the initial wave?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Craig, absolutely. Well, we see an expanding opportunity in 5G in a number of areas, there's just a great deal of complexity that needs to be resolved in the system. Our customers are looking for integration and kind of cohesive solution. So platforms like Sky5 that we developed are perfect solutions for these customers they are configurable, we can resolve a lot of that complexity. And we also have to deal with the challenge of backward compatibility into 4G and 3G. So if you look at a 5G enabled phone, you're going to have 5G bands and 5G technology, but you're also going to need to be interoperable with 4G and 3G. There's a physical device -- there is a physical challenge in the design of the phones, there's a battle for current consumption and coexistence within the device, a lot of complexity that we're working on today with our customers. We're lining up with the critical base band providers as well. So our solutions can be somewhat agnostic around the baseband ecosystem.  And adding some of the technologies that we've developed in house, the DRX technologies will be even more vital in 5G. We've got ultra-high band devices that we're shipping, we've got BAW technology that we just commenced shipping now that we spoke about. So we're in very good position. But I will tell you that 5G is difficult, it's challenging and our customers are reaching out the partners that they trust and partners that have been here. And that's what we want to be one of those partners that help our customers be successful.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then just in the follow-up update on Avnera. I know when you bought them, I mean, in terms of the context of Skyworks having a much larger platform, bigger customers. How you think that pay through in terms of design work that they're doing? Are you able to leverage that in terms of some of the momentum for new designs at Avnera?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Craig, that's a great question. And that portfolio is doing very well for us. So one of the designs that we mentioned in the opening remarks was powered by Avnera, they've got some very slick SOC technology that we're leveraging, certainly some great performance in audio. But overall, right now, we're very pleased with what we've seen from that acquisition. It's fully integrated with Skyworks. So we're able to take advantage of a larger sales and marketing organization and a little more strength on the operational side, but so far, it's looking very good. Appreciate that.
Operator: The next question comes from line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good evening. Just a question on Huawei and just trying to get a little more color on what you had said from the pre-announcement earlier in the quarter, it seems that you took out about $60 million out of what you said was a 12% customer in the quarter, which would kind of work out to maybe sort of $40 million of remaining shipments to Huawei in the June quarter. I guess, were to understand that that those shipments are minimal as you go into the September quarter and therefore, that's the sequential headwind that you're facing. And then maybe to follow on that, others, it seems like every company has had some difference in terms of what they can and can't ship to Huawei. Some folks are also applying for some licenses for additional shipments. Just some more color on what you can and can't ship and the potential for being able to ship more?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. So maybe I'll provide some more color on Huawei. So in Q3, Huawei's revenue was slightly above 10% of the total revenue and that was all shipped prior to the ban being effective. We didn't ship after the ban was effective. And as you know, we did adjust our guidance, and we took out roughly $60 million of revenue when we updated the guidance. So definitely in Q3, it's the stronger seasonal quarter, typically for Huawei. And so we did expect actually more revenue than what we've seen in the first half of the fiscal year. And so looking forward to Q4, we do expect very minimal revenue with them. We are -- we can legally ship certain products, but the demand signal that we get from Huawei is actually very low. We expect revenue to be probably below $10 million in Q4. And I mean Liam you want to add something? 
Liam Griffin : Yes, I mean, just to be clear. So, Chris, I mean, when the ban came out, we stopped shipping immediately and we did not ship again, for the balance of Q3. As we entered Q4, doing a little homework with our legal team reaching out to SIA and some other associations to get guidance we felt comfortable with certain products being shipped and we've been commencing shipments, but it's been at a very low level.  So that's kind of the difference between what we've done. I know other competitors may have played it differently, but that's how we played it. We still feel very good about the business we have today net of Huawei. If Huawei comes back, that's great. But the guidance that we provided with a 20% sequential netting out Huawei in Q3, Q4, I think says a lot about the organic business and our read into what we can do.
Chris Caso: All right, that's very helpful color. Thank you for that. Just as a follow-up, what are the longer term implications here? And I guess for one, do you feel like as 5G comes out next year, you'll be able to ship components to Huawei 5G phones under the current rules. And if there are still restrictions, we've been hearing for some time that the highly integrated solutions by yourselves and other U.S. manufacturers really necessary to enable 5G phones. Are there alternatives, in other words are there potential for it, if this situation doesn't get resolved, some of these opportunities will just disappear for the long-term?
Liam Griffin: Yes, that's a great question. The way I look at it is, and you're right, I mean, the technologies that we provide, and I know you understand it’s very, very complex. We're not a discrete component player. We haven't been that company for years. So the kind of things that we offer to companies like Huawei are very, very complex and very hard to displace. Having said all that, I don't think this is going to stop 5G, I think there could be certainly some challenges in China, specifically around 5G and access to technologies. But I think from a global perspective, the power of the 5G catalyst here, and the investments and the opportunities for connectivity are just so powerful that that's going to continue. Could there be a bit of a pause, levered with the China issue? Sure, but I don't think it's going to stop the industry globally, from executing on this vision of moving up into 5G and the latency and speed and benefits that it provide. So -- and we'll stay with that.  And the other thing here is, the demand can move around. If some companies or regions are impaired, yes, it'll hurt in the short-term. But overall, I think that that revenue and that opportunity can get redistributed. And we'll be right there for that as well.
Operator: Next question comes from a line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys, this is Tom Elion [ph] for Blayne Curtis. My first one is around the China handset business outside of Huawei. Some of the industry through this earnings period have talked about how Huawei is looking internally in China, and maybe taking some share there and that could affect you guys. How do you guys view that market right now? And are you seeing that trend play out where, other Tier 1 players in Tier 2 players are exceeding some market share? 
Liam Griffin: Yes, that's a great question. We've had we had a good position with Huawei, but we've also had a very strong position with Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi, and so far the business there has been -- it's been promising and been kind of on track, still developing some interesting new solutions for those customers as well. And, we've been able to build those partnerships over a year. So that part of the China ecosystem at this point looks pretty good. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then my second one is more maintenance. Can you guys give us the percentage of your largest customer in June? You guys have been pretty helpful about that in the past.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So in June, the largest customer was well over 40% of total revenue. Again, the June quarter is somewhat of the slower seasonal quarter there. And as we ramp with the large customer in Q4, obviously, that that will go up.
Liam Griffin: Yes, and obviously with some of the Huawei revenue out of the pie, the ratios get skewed a little bit as well, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Karl Ackerman with Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Karl Ackerman: Good afternoon, gentlemen. If I may, I'd like to follow back up on the previous question. So your China based smartphone customer is seeing very strong domestic growth through the June quarter, given nationalistic support? So I'm curious, does your outlook for the September quarter and beyond contemplate ramifications of that proceed nationalism to your mobile opportunity at other smartphone OEMs where you have higher content? Then I have a follow-up.
Liam Griffin: Yes, to the extent that we can, yes, we feel we've talked about some of the other players in China and demand network there look steady. We talked about Huawei and the issues that we have right here, and that could get resolved. And if it gets resolved, we're right back in. But we're still very aggressive and gaining success and design wins globally across the board. The only exception right now is the Huawei situation where we're kind of stuck. But beyond that we're active. We're developing solutions, we're gaining design wins. And as we mentioned in some of the prior questions, the products that we make are not commodities, they're not interchangeable, they're very complex custom commodities or custom devices that are necessary for 5G and even higher end 4G networks.
Karl Ackerman: That's helpful. As my follow-up in your prepared comments, you discussed early shipments of 11AX products. What's your view on the competitive landscape on 11AX given recent M&A in the space? And how do you see the adoption of 11AX within enterprise access points and consumer applications over the next few quarters? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, 11AX right now is probably it's an early stage, but it's definitely the technology that you want to be in for WiFi for higher speed WiFi. So the 11AX engines that we have today are doing quite well, we named some of the design wins that we had Cisco is one for example. And what we do is we have great partnerships with some of the SoC players. So we're able to basically calibrate our solutions with the SoC providers and together kind of take advantage of the overall market and lever leverage those solutions broadly with SoC partnerships similar to what we do with base net partnerships. We also have really good technology and WiFi. We've been a market leader from the beginning in WiFi and have been able to take the solutions up over the last several years. So at the higher and higher performance levels. The customer reach that we mentioned continues to expand and WiFi has been a pretty big catalyst in our broad market portfolio. And that's a portfolio as we mentioned it's been growing at about 15% CAGR. So there's a lot of strength in that outlook in that portfolio. And we're seeing more and more customers and applications adopt 11AX still early innings for 11AX. But I think, we're very well positioned for that.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Please go ahead. 
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Liam, just want to talk about 5G. But I'd like to get more specific, especially with regard handsets other than the ultra-high band pad and maybe band 41, at this stage, maybe we could throw in if you want band 71. Other than those three areas, are you seeing any 5G content in phones today, I know it's going to expand, you don't do millimeter wave today, and are you working on that with your largest OEMs? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Well, there are elements of 5G in certain company launches at this fall, but you're right, I mean, 5G is really going to be more of a 2020, release, I think in the market, there will be some phones that will have some capabilities. But the real upside to 5G is more of a 2020 and beyond opportunity, and we're well positioned for that with our Sky5 platform. We've got a really unique portfolio of devices that can be harmonized and customized depending on the bands, and depending on the carrier, and depending on the needs of the OEM. So I think we look good there. But you're right, I mean, the 5G opportunity is more of a 2020 play. We are working now on the design wins that will support that 2020 and beyond launch, of course.
Edward Snyder: So -- and then, just to be clear, do you see yourself participate in the millimeter wave set, I know Qualcomm is the only game in town, and that part atrocious in terms of performance wise. And so if you're a large OEM, your largest customers, where they want to feel the phone using that product, they don't want to suffer the battery life problems or the heat problems, we're already seeing now. We're going to have to do something other than CMOS. Are you working on something now and do you think Qualcomm's control of the base band would impede you from winning a slot if you were?
Liam Griffin: Well, I mean, we certainly see millimeter wave as another opportunity in mobile here, as we go to 5G, there's opportunity on the infrastructure side, an opportunity on the handheld side, so we're looking at both. I don't believe we're going to be impeded by any base band, I mean, we've been interoperable across the board here for years and years with all customers, including our largest one. So we’ll ensure that we're able to be flexible there.  But those technologies, I don't think they're going to be widespread early on, but over time, millimeter wave could be a catalyst in the industry. Again, infrastructure and within the handset and we’ll continue to work on those opportunities. 
Operator: Next question comes from line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey, guys. First of all, congratulations on commercial BAW shipments, Liam, I had a quick one on that for you. I think your largest customer is widely speculated to have their 5G phone out next year. How would you rate the readiness of your BAW portfolio? And then as a follow-up to that, for example, in like a Sky5 solution that you mentioned in your press release, how much of the BAW is internal versus externally sourced?
Liam Griffin: Yes, so great questions. And I think what you're going to see is kind of a blending in of the technology over time. When you look at Sky5 and the incorporation of BAW, we're going to start to see that really roll up, as we move out. We're delivering solutions now, this quarter that I mentioned. And what you're going to see now is the BAW technology that we're delivering is organic, the technologies that we mentioned in the prepared remarks about shipping this quarter, those are organic solutions, they’re BAW enabled devices in a system level solution of Sky5 level solution. They're not discrete filters, they're integrated with other elements. And its Skyworks organic stuff, we've been working on this for years. And just to do a quick commercial on our filter business, we're doing 10 billion temperature compensated SAW filters a year, we're doing hundreds of millions of devices in our Mexicali site, we've got a Singapore location, that's also driving some very sophisticated package and test. So we have all of the critical supply chain elements to make it work. We've been very conservative about talking about BAW. But now we're there and we're delivering and we expect it to be the beginning of some real significant opportunities as 5G moves along and the complexity of mobile phone continues to go up.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks for the color, Liam. And then for my follow-up a West Coast competitor namely Qualcomm effectively talks about there being some kind of a benefit and them having a 5G base band and tying their RF to it. First of all, do you see any validity in that statement? And then secondly, do you run into them as far as design wins or competition is concerned in 5G?
Liam Griffin: Well, we all -- we compete with lots of companies, lots of companies. So -- and we're used to that, and I think it's healthy. And we've done our best to garner the lion share of design win in the areas that we can play. So we're not at all concerned about that that's a normal thing. But I will say that in most cases, we've got very collaborative base man providers that work with us and understand that ultimately, the work that we're doing as semiconductor providers is to try and make our customers products the best. So that's the way we look at it. So, we're working shoulder to shoulder with bass band partners, endeavoring to produce tremendous phones for our customers and tremendous technology, we're going to continue to do that. And it's made us who we are at Skyworks. There's a lot of really interesting things happening in 5G, a lot of very, very difficult challenges to resolve. We got great people on our side, we got great partnerships with most of the base main players and ecosystems there. And we'll be able to deliver the products that our customers want.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Sean Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
Sean Harrison: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Mainly a focus for Kris here, capital intensity is running about 12% of sales here today. How do you see that tracking in the fourth quarter and then in the next year, considering all the 5G launches that will be coming up?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, you're right. So campuses running in the 12% range to revenue right now and of course, we will have to take into account reduced demand signal from Huawei as we look at factory utilizations and CapEx into that. Now on the flip side, of course, we will continue to make the necessary investments to advance the technology, and to increase our capabilities in part in our back end operation. But also, as Liam just talked about, especially in our filter operation, not necessarily expanding capacity, but upgrading and making our technology more robust in TCSAW. And then of course, as we execute on our BAW ramp, and get more and more BAW integrated products out there, we will have to expand our BAW filter technology and capacity as well. Going forward, I expect CapEx to maybe trend below 10% of revenue. But there's a lot of elements that play into that.
Sean Harrison: And then second as a follow up, I think you mentioned there's some under the underutilization drag because of the Huawei weakness. I was hoping you could maybe qualify what the impact is at least here in the near-term from that drag on gross margin?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so gross margin in Q3 came in as 15.4%, and we guided Q4 now the September quarter to 50% to 50.5%. So flat, maybe slightly down. And so first of all, I think we continue to execute very well on driving higher value added and higher complex products into the market. And that typically translates into higher gross margin. And we continue to execute really well on cost reductions and operational efficiencies as well. And we do have a little bit of a mixed benefit. Having said that the addition of Huawei to the entity list and a strongly reduced demand signal from Huawei is becoming somewhat of a headwind for gross margins and gross margin expansion. Just I mean, Huawei was running on about 15% of total revenue. And most of that product was running to our fabs.  The front end fabs, the back ends fabs and some of our filter fabs as well. And so, that underutilization is becoming a little bit of a headwind, we of course, will see how the whole Huawei situation plays out and what the future demand will be. And of course, we will not hesitate in the near-term to take the necessary actions to take out as much cost as we can. Having said that, of course, I mean, we continue to produce very strong operating margins well above 30% and very strong EBITDA margins on or about 45%. And that will definitely remain one of our main focus items.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over back to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments. Please go ahead.
Liam Griffin: Thank you, and thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you and upcoming investor conferences and other events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Carrie. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2019 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance that we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our prior practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch and welcome everyone. Skyworks delivered another quarter of solid financial performance leveraging the strength of our business model and momentum across our high growth broad markets and IoT portfolio. Specifically, in Q2, we generated a revenue of $810 million, drove gross margin of 50.7% and operating margin of 34.1% while posting an earnings per share of $1.47. Our March quarter results were impacted by unit weakness in mobile, particularly across China. In contrast, our broad markets business continues to outperform and is on path for double-digit growth again in fiscal ’19. During the quarter, our design win execution accelerated, building a growing pipeline of new opportunities while positioning us for continued traction across a diverse set of end markets, applications, and customers. For example, in the quarter, we led the transition to the latest WiFi 6 standard with platform wins at Aruba, Asus, Cisco, and Netgear. We gained content with our SkyOne platform and DRx engines in Samsung's Galaxy S10 smartphones. We leveraged our portfolio of audio SOCs supporting high fidelity stereo headsets, premium sound bars, and gaming applications. We enabled long range machine-to-machine communication in smart meters and street lighting. And we captured the first commercially available 5G indoor access point. We also secured massive MIMO infrastructure wins with Ericsson and Nokia, as they roll out 5G. We expanded our automotive footprint with LTE devices supporting eCall, remote entry, in cabin entertainment, and additional features. And we extended our reach across new categories in both aerospace and defense, leveraging our c-band filtering solutions. As these achievements demonstrate, Skyworks is capitalizing on powerful macro trends, diversifying across new customers, and segments while advancing our market leadership. Our solutions empower everything from data center to cloud, media to entertainment, to e-commerce to ride hailing services. Moving forward, the transformational technology of tomorrow is being built on a new generation of connectivity solutions enabled by the rollout of 5G. The applications driving this revolutionary change require a step function leap in performance, supporting the continuous interaction between client and cloud, while delivering high speed data, near zero latency, and perfect reliability. Skyworks’ unique systems expertise, strategic partnerships, and global scale are critical to the success of 5G deployments. Our strengths underpin a broad array of capabilities, including an expanding set of MIMO devices, SkyOne and Sky5 systems solutions, addressing low to ultra-high bands and a family of diversity receive modules as well as emerging technologies in millimeter wave. Our portfolio is further bolstered by the strategic investments we've made in advanced filtering, spanning SAW, TCSAW, and BAW while addressing spectrum from 700 megahertz to six gigahertz. And as 5G traction takes hold, we expect to benefit from new product categories targeting higher frequency spectrum in the future. As these technological demands intensify, Skyworks competitive position is strengthened with growing content reach across a wide array of customers and applications. Strong momentum in broad markets, world class operational execution and scale, and decades of experience in developing breakthrough solutions over multiple technology generations, and importantly, superior cash flow allowing us to out-invest our competition while providing premium returns to shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for discussion of last quarter’s performance and our outlook for Q3.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2019 was 810 million. As expected, continued strengthen in our high growth markets business allowed us to partially offset unit declines across mobile and overall weakness in the Chinese end markets. Gross profit was 411 million, resulting in a gross margin of 50.7%, flat compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Operating expenses were 135 million, in line with our guidance and down 3% sequentially, as we continue to effectively manage our operating expenses. We generated 276 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 34.1%. Second quarter effective tax rate was 8.3%. This drove net income of 257 million or $1.47 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, second fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was 192 million and for the first six months of the fiscal year, operating cash flow was 741 million. Second fiscal quarter capital expenditures were 97 million and we distributed 66 million in dividends and repurchased 1.7 million shares of our common stock for a total of 142 million. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of just under 1 billion with no debt. Now looking ahead to the June quarter, we expect sequential revenue and earnings growth driven by strategic wins and content gains in mobile as well as traction across our broad market portfolio. Specifically, we anticipate revenue in the range of 815 million to 835 million, gross margin between 50.5% and 51%, and operating expenses to be up slightly to approximately 137 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly 3.5 million in other income and an effective tax rate in the range of 9% to 9.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 173 million shares. Assuming a revenue midpoint of approximately 825 million, we plan to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.50. With that, let me turn the call back to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Chris. As our results illustrate, we continue to deliver strong levels of profitability, allowing us to make the pivotal investments that drive market leadership. In parallel, we are advancing our technological reach, positioning us to win in the connected economy of tomorrow, an unprecedented opportunity for Skyworks. In summary, we are firmly committed to increasing shareholder value while executing on our ambitious vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for taking the question. My first one is a housekeeping question. Can you provide the revenue split between mobile and broad markets for the March quarter and what your expectations into June? For both, please?
Kris Sennesael: Sure. So, in the March quarter, our broad market business was approximately 33% of total revenue. So, we continue to run that business up more than $1 billion annualized revenue run rate. We continue to see as we said in the prepared remarks, continuous strength there with both sequential as well as year over year growth. And we are well on track to see double-digit year over year growth in that broad markets business. Of course, on the flip side, we have our mobile business, which was 67% of total revenue.
Toshiya Hari: And my follow up is on inventory. And hopefully, Kris, you can provide some color here. It was up I think around 13% sequentially, close to 20% year over year. What drove the uptick? And yeah, what drove the uptick there and what are their expectations into June and do you expect inventory to be down or flat, any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: So, in the March quarter, which is our seasonally slowest quarter of the year, we did increase inventory levels both in absolute dollars as in days of inventory, fully in line with our expectation and driven by the fact that this year even more so than ever before, we took advantage of the softness in the business to level load our factories, mainly in support of new programs, known design wins with content gains with multiple large customers that are ramping in the second half of the calendar year. And so we are doing that to minimize future capital expenditures and to drive efficient usage of our capital equipment. In addition to that, as you know, we continue to execute on our filter in-sourcing strategy that gives us a cost advantage, quality advantage, better performance of our filters, but as you know, when you produce your filters in house compared to buying them from third parties, you have to carry a little bit more inventory in terms of raw materials, work in process, and some buffer stocks. Having said that, we expect inventory to be kind of flattish into the June quarter, but then, we expect improvement in terms of days of inventory in the second half of the year -- of the calendar year as we execute on those product ramps. I just want to point out that if you look at the first six months of the fiscal calendar, we have a free cash flow of 29% and so we are well on track to deliver a full-year free cash flow of 30%.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, let me add, Toshi, to that -- to Kris's comments is that the products that we're working on right now and the inventory that is being built now is targeted directly for known design wins that we have in the second half, very complex, compelling solutions that we’ll be delivering in the second half of the calendar year. So we know exactly where this material is going.
Operator: And now to the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Liam, maybe a question on medium to longer term implications for your business with Qualcomm and Apple settling and Intel exiting the business. So, one assumption and I'm not saying it's the right assumption would be that you would lose the Intel business and then also Qualcomm would be able to bundle more and hence really have a negative impact on your business. So just kind of help us understand how we should be thinking about it, at least, I get this question, number one from investors and then I had a follow up as well please.
Liam Griffin: Sure, Ambrish. No problem. Well, let me kind of go back in time a little bit and take a long view at this thought. First of all, Skyworks as you know is baseband agnostic. Our products are interoperable with Qualcomm, with Intel, with MediaTeK, Samsung LSI, Huawei, et cetera. So, we've been able to navigate the baseband ecosystem and operate very effectively with all of those players. I would also say with the largest customers, we've had tremendous amount of volatility in baseband, but we've always grown our share.  So if you look back in the early days of the largest customer and where their baseband position was, and there was a transition at one point, and then there was at times where we had two players going at once, all of that had no impact on our business. We continue to grow share, work with our customers, engineer to engineer, shoulder to shoulder design in work to grow our content in our position. And if we look out, one of the things that allows us to do that, Ambrish, is that we have made the investments in the technologies. We have in-house custom gallium arsenide technology, we have an array of filtering technology now that goes from SATA, TC SATA, bulk acoustic wave.  We've made the investments to bring the scale to a market, which is also important. And one of the things that makes us really comfortable right now and really excited is this move to 5G. The 2G and 3G world, there was a lot of opportunity for players to expand from baseband and try to integrate RF, maybe use CMOS, maybe use another technology, but it never really happened. When you go to 5G, the complexity curve goes way up. It is daunting, it is challenging. We're thrilled by the opportunity. But it is by no stretch easy. So the leap from baseband to RF is challenging enough. But when you start moving into 4G and now 5G, it's really in the sweet spot of Skyworks. And we've invested a lot of time and energy and we have the people in our company ready to execute on that agenda.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, that's helpful prospectively. And for my follow-up, Kris, maybe back to you on the inventory days, 123. I run back and I can’t see a day closer to that, I think in 2016. So just please help us understand and there is no such thing as normal seasonality, but how should we be thinking taking inventory comments you made earlier to an earlier question with kind of how should we be thinking about normal seasonality? And also, is there a higher level of inventory days that we should be thinking as a normalized level, given that the broadband, the broad based business is much bigger business, and that naturally carries more inventory?
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, I mean, I've listed the reasons why inventory is at least temporarily somewhat higher, right? We took advantage of the capacity we have in our factories, due to the softness in the business. And so we did more than ever before level loading. And so over time, as the businesses start ramping in the second half, we will see a decline in inventory days. There's a couple of other elements, one I mentioned as well is the filtering sourcing, that will be on a permanent basis result in some higher levels of inventory. And then as you pointed out as well, I didn't put it out. But you're absolutely right about that. The broad market business by its nature being a lot more diversified, multiple skews for multiple customers in multiple end markets, resulting in some higher level of inventory as well. Having said that, I think for the June quarter, we expect inventory to be on or about the same level. And then in the second half of the calendar year, we will see inventory levels coming down, but they will more than likely stay higher than where they were historically.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Bill Peterson from JP Morgan.
Bill Peterson: Yeah, I first had a question actually on your broad markets in the CV, design wins with Wi-Fi 6 and massive MIMOs and so forth. I guess I was wondering, I guess first on massive MIMO, do we expect this to ramp this year, are these in field trials or would these be more in mass production next year. And same for Wi-Fi 6, it's kind of had a slow start. But when do you see this really starting to move the needle, and if you can quantify the growth for these, I guess, bigger segments within broad markets for us, as far as the growth rates this year and into next?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Bill. Sure. So I would say on the infrastructure side, we noted in the prepared remarks that we are seeing build outs right now with Nokia, with Ericsson, also with Huawei. So we're delivering some of our MIMO solutions, or some of our really complex architectures that we have in switching and filtering and building out the 5G infrastructure. That's ongoing right now. It's still early innings, but that infrastructure is rapidly being deployed and we think there's a very long tail of opportunity here with 5G just starting to roll, so that's on the infrastructure side. If you look at the position in Wi-Fi, we've had a really strong position within broad markets, leveraging Wi-Fi from 11N to AX to now the newest standard in Wi-Fi 6. There's again, tremendous opportunity that we named just a few design wins in today's call, but a number of our customers that are upgrading from 11AX to Wi-Fi 6 are coming to us. There's a lot of opportunity there and the product reach that we have and the customer reach that we have continues to expand its home security, its access points and routers, ring doorbell type application, just a myriad of really slick applications that are empowered by our connectivity solution. So it's early innings for Wi-Fi 6, but we're a proven player there and we expect a gain.
Bill Peterson: I guess second, your guidance, obviously growth at the midpoint for the June quarter, I'm curious about China, specifically China smartphone. Sure, it's been weakened in the first quarter as the first calendar quarter you spoke to, do you see this directionally improving and I guess what's driving that, I mean, we've also seen some sort of share shift in China where Huawei appears to be doing very well and other ones not so well. How do you see your business in China?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, we were seeing quite a bit of softness in China in the March quarter and that I read through in the numbers here. And within that, there was also some dynamics of market share shifts with Huawei picking up a little bit more and the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi ecosystem being softer. So that's something that we did experience in the March quarter. As we start to look out, we continue to see Huawei being strong, not only in mobile, but also in the infrastructure side, and obviously a, much more significant player than some of the smaller smartphone folks. But we are starting to see some gradual pick up in the second tier players in China in mobile.  And if you actually think long, the opportunity with the smaller players is quite impressive because today the content in those accounts is pretty light. But when you move to 5G, there will be unique technologies that are necessary, that are absolute must in a mobile device to basically operate on a 5G network. Therefore, the content gains and the smaller accounts could actually be on a ratio basis, even more impactful than what we have in a customer like Huawei today. So, there's a lot to look forward to there, but certainly the March quarter, China was very tough, very challenging. I think it impacted some of the -- even the US customers that sold into China. But, we’re getting through that now and should start to see improving conditions in Q3 and also into the second half.
Operator: And now to the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Liam, I hate to burn my first question on Qualcomm's RF, but a claims, but Cristiano on Qualcomm's call yesterday made a big deal of RF wins, he didn't mention what they were like the CMOS millimeter wave mimic that’s burning through phones. Just as a reality check, are you seeing Qualcomm, some of the Qualcomm’s toeholds that they got last year in RF being reversed on phones this year, like the pixel 4 and then I have a follow up.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, they have been working to expand their baseband position, and they have a great baseband. So no question about that, but trying to move forward in the RF section. There have been a couple of spots where they popped up, but they really haven't really impeded our opportunities. So, we continue to do very, very well in the mid to high end. As you know well, as a technologist, the complexity in 4G and into 5G now with some of the networks that we're seeing and some of the burdens that we see in the technology builds that we have, it's just very difficult unless this is your bread and butter and we've been working on this for years.  We have a great position, we can interoperate with Qualcomm all day long, but in terms of their own RF, and trying to move the needle here, I think it's going to be very difficult. We have years and years of experience here working with this. We have the in-house assets and technology, we're building out our arsenal in filtering and then our ability to integrate with SkyOne and SkyFive and create highly customized configurable offerings to each one of our customers. And the shoulder-to-shoulder engineering work that I mentioned as we go to market, I think is quite compelling and it's in some of the main reasons why we do win. So, we recognize Qualcomm has an ambition to compete in RF, we're comfortable with where we are, but we’ll continue to raise our game and raise our strength to ensure that we lead. 
Edward Snyder: And then if I could, you mentioned in sourcing soft filters. I last checked was just some time ago now, I thought we were generally in source on all the soft, over 75% of your modules have been pulled in, I was a little surprised to see it was one of your quintessential drivers to inventory and while we're on soft, while we’re on filters, Liam, if I could, there's a lot of talk of BAW in the last couple of quarters. I know you guys have been diligently working on a part now. We've heard that you sampled it in RX device. Have you gotten to the point where you're sampling duplexes yet and die this play any role in your big module and with your largest customer, BAW at all in the fall of this year. Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Right. So I'll start first on the inventory. So maybe a year and a year and a half ago, roughly 50% of the filters were in house. We made a big move to the 75%, 80% in house in the last couple of quarters, and now as we ramp the new products, for the next cycle, we will get closer to 90%, 95%.
Liam Griffin: Sure. And following up on the BAW opportunity and now that we've kind of communicated that more broadly, we are in production right now, supporting our BAW capabilities. And we have known design wins that will be similar to -- think of it as a SkyFive like module with BAW technologies. It's not going to be, it's a discrete filter, it’s going to be a solution. We continue to expand the opportunity set, we're sampling a number of customers across the board, we’re continuing to try to expand the reach of our BAW filtering capability. We've made quite a few investments and spent quite a bit of money investing not only in capacity, but also the technology that we need. And we're ready, we're ready. And, we're really excited about delivering product in the second half. And we have some really slick opportunities that we're looking at in 2020. So we will be well positioned and there should be some evidence of our success here coming soon. 
Operator: And now to the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible]. In the prepared remarks, you guys highlighted some massive MIMO wins with Nokia and Ericsson. Can you talk about where you're winning there? And as a percentage basis, how much can that contribute to your business over the next couple years?
Liam Griffin: Yeah, it's a meaningful part of our business in broad market. We've always been a pretty strong infrastructure player, but that market had been slow in the last few years as 4G kind of just lulled along and there wasn't an inflection point. So what we can do, there's a lot of things that we can do, we do high power amplifiers, we have some antenna arrays and switch arrays that go into the infrastructure space, there's even going to be some opportunity down the road here for millimeter wave technology, which is new, very complex. And we'll participate across the board, we've been a supplier to all the tier 1s, the Nokia, and even Samsung and Huawei, there. So, there's a large set of players that we have relationships with, and 5G is going to stimulate absolutely stimulate some new revenue opportunities.
Unidentified Analyst: And then my second one is just on the moving pieces in March here, you guys highlighted some weakness across China, and normally that business is up double digits in March, when you guys are talking about weakness, do you still -- did you still see growth in that business in March or is the entire Android down in March? I just want to get a little more color on the vector of that weakness.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, sure. Well, I will tell you in Q2, you're right, oftentimes, you have a holiday season, a holiday effect in December, a lot of growth. And then, some of the US names come down a bit in March. In China, typically China can go sideways, maybe even up in the March quarter, that's kind of a historical signature. This year, we had a different, we had a different experience. We had some pretty marked weakness in China broadly. It hit all of the tier 1s there, and also the smaller players. And it also, I think the China economy’s weakness also impacted some of the larger US companies. So it was an unusual period where there was weakness across the board in that market. We are seeing the business improve in China as we look out into Q3. And we're hopeful we get back to a normal cycle in the second half. And again, the 5G opportunities and some of the things we talked about already on the call should really stimulate some new demand for us.
Operator: And now to the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley.
Craig Ellis: Guys, I wanted to follow up on some of the inventory comments, but moved to a different line. So if we bounce up to the income statement with inventory, where it is after the level loading and what are the implications Kris for gross margin expansion in the back half of the year, can we still expect to see typical incremental gross margins or would they be reduced, given higher inventory?
Kris Sennesael: Oh, no, not at all. I mean, we continue to execute very well on our operational efficiency improvements. We will be bringing new, more complex products to the market in the second half. And so combination of those two, we will see further gross margin improvements in the second half. And we will continue to work towards our target model of 53% gross margin.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, and Craig, let me just also add that if you go a little bit deeper here and look at some of the challenges that we mentioned with inventory, we're still committed to delivering and we're right on, a free cash flow margin of 29% to 30%. So even with some of the bumpiness here that we endured in Q2, we’ll still be able to deliver, we have expectation to deliver a 30% free cash flow margin for the full year.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for that, Liam. And then I'll just follow up on a comment that you just made in response to the last question, I think you were speaking about a hope to return to normal seasonality in the back half of the year. At times, you give us a glimpse of what you think the business can do, not guidance, but give us a sense for what's possible in the business in the back half, any sense for that at this time?
Liam Griffin: Yeah, I mean, well, we're really not positioned to guide the Q4 and Q1 second half, but we do expect to see the market improve for us. We do know that we have a very strong pipeline of design wins that support some incredible product for our customers. We're very comfortable with that. We see that it's coming. It's one of the reasons why the inventory position is where it is. And so we certainly expect the second half to be better than the first half here.
Operator: And now to the line of it Srini Pajjuri from Macquarie.
Srini Pajjuri: Liam, just a couple of questions on 5G, given your enthusiasm, I'm just curious how your design win pipeline is looking? And then, and also, if you could give us some color as to where -- what kind of products historically you have down there to low band pad and the DRX modules, et cetera. So just wondering if you could provide us some color as to where you're winning these designs?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yeah. We think of 5G as a technology and then that technology is ported into different applications. So obviously, the smartphone is going to be one of the most compelling 5G delivering that speed, that data rate, that performance in a smartphone. And there, it's very clear for us to see the incremental content, the necessary building blocks that are required to make that 5G phone work. And then you have the new markets that are being enabled by 5G, things like AR and VI, AI and VR, machine to machine applications where you're using a 5G signal to operate factories and robots, really cool stuff that hasn't happened yet.  So we're starting to see that occur first in the smartphone. We do believe that this is a little bit more of a 2020 to 2021 dynamic. I don't expect the market to see any significant 5G smartphone growth in 2019. But we're really excited about the design wins that we're working on and working with the right customers and seeing their product roadmaps and how we fit in. So there will be a lot of content, a lot of complexity. It's important to have the building blocks. I will say that, the fact that we have the technology and filtering from 700 mg to 6 gig and even now into the millimeter wave spectrum will be well positioned.  That decades of experience that we talked about is going to be necessary, this is hard stuff. And then having the scale, having the factory assets, the scale and the technology in house is going to be a differentiator for us. So we look forward to all of that. And I think it's going to be incredible to see the number of applications that are really going to be propelled and powered by 5G technology.
Srini Pajjuri: Got it? And then more of a strategic question. Liam, so obviously, you made an acquisition that seems to be working out well, but you still have plenty of cash and generating a lot of free cash flow. Just wondering how you're thinking about M&A going forward. I mean, obviously, the smartphone market is longer, even with 5G, you have a big customer concentration. I'm just curious, what your thoughts, latest thoughts on M&A are?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yeah, we're still very excited about the opportunity that we have organically and we're heading down that path. But at the same time, you're right. I mean, I'm really pleased with the cash flow generation that we're putting forth as a company, the power that we have available. But so we're going to be very discerning when it comes to M&A. I mean, that's been a signature of Skyworks for years and it will continue to be, both the right opportunity comes along, we’ll be ready to take advantage.
Operator: And now to the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James.
Chris Caso: Just a question on inventory levels. And last quarter, you talked about some caution on the part of customers with inventory amid the weakness. What do you feel is the situation right now with customer inventory? And perhaps you could address Huawei more directly? I guess there's, some fears about some Huawei potentially building some inventory. So if you could address that as well, please.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah. So in general, when we talk about inventory levels in the channel, we made some remarks last earnings call where we saw some cautious behavior by our distributors. And as I told you last quarter, we are not fighting that tape. It's okay for now to have some lower levels of inventory or healthy levels of inventory in the channel that sets us up for strong and stronger sequential growth in the second half. As it relates to Huawei, I know there is a lot of speculation about their inventory levels. We don't have great visibility because we are in a hub arrangement.  And so once they -- so we don't keep inventory in the channel for them. And we only recognize revenue once they pulled their product out of their hub. And then, we don't have any visibility. As Liam said before, our business with Huawei is relatively strong, given some of the overall weakness in the China market. But we believe that Huawei themselves are gaining share in the Chinese market as well in mobile. They have strong infrastructure business and we are very well positioned with them, both in mobile and infrastructure.
Liam Griffin: Right and Chris, that's the key point. If you really look at the Q2 numbers for us, we saw the Huawei numbers do okay, but the other smaller players in China really come down. So some of that was share shift. We do know that Huawei is the most capable from a technology perspective, if you look at Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and the others. So they're starting -- as the market starts to move towards complexity, they're likely going to outperform their peer group. So that that was part of the read through in Q2.
Chris Caso: As a follow up on the broad market business, the business has been decelerating for a couple of quarters now and I suppose that’s amid the market weakness as well. I guess I want to be clear what you guys are saying, are you still expecting double digit growth of the year on that and as we go into the second half of the year, are you expecting some reacceleration in the year-on-year growth from the broad markets business and perhaps give some reasons behind that.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, so if you look at the first half of the fiscal year, we rolled out about 10% year-over-year growth in broad markets. And so we expect, on a full year basis on or about 10, maybe slightly above 10% year-over-year growth. So, so as a result of that, of course, in the second half, we see some on or about 10% or continuous 10% year-over-year growth.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Jaffray.
Harsh Kumar: I was wondering, since you're somewhat new to the BAW technology, are there any gating factors that you can see that allow you to ramp in a very significant manner, particularly, let's say next year when your largest customer is now expected to come out with 5G phones?
Kris Sennesael: So Harsh, the question is if there are any gating factor?
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Technologically, is there any technology you’re missing? Or is there a ramp factor that is unknown to you guys at this point?
Liam Griffin: Yeah. Harsh, this is Liam. Yeah, I feel very good about our position in 5G. And there are a lot of challenges. There are a lot of gating factors and gaps and opportunities. And that's what makes it great. It's going to be very, very complex. It's going to call for a set of technologies that's never been put together in the same device before. That's all new and all of the cross talk and noise and battle for current will occur in the device. So companies like Skyworks, we're in there now. We're under the hood working with the leaders in the industry to put all this technology together. And I think we've talked about this before, but remember, 5G is an incremental opportunity that overlays 4G, and even 3G in a smartphone device. So we've got to bring all of that technology into a single form factor and manage the interoperability of that. So there's a great, great deal of complexity.  What helps us is the in house technologies, we talked about it, we have our own gallium arsenide, our assembly and test in house in Mexicali and our ability to span filtering from low bands all the way up to ultra-high bands, and select what is needed customer by customer, depending on what band they're going to roam in, what carriers they want to support and what geographies they're going to live in. So a lot to that. And there'll be plenty of challenges, but that turns out -- that translates into opportunity for us.
Harsh Kumar: And then as one follow-up, if I can ask you your thoughts on this year for 2019 content versus units. How do you guys see those things, those two factors playing out for your business in mobile?
Liam Griffin: Yeah, I would say, content is going to be a big driver. And that's something that we control. So, our focus is on executing on the controllables and that's bringing the content up and executing on these new technologies that we see in 5G and some other areas. But again, units also have the potential now to move. I don't know if we're going to see a big spike in the second half of this year in units. But I think when 5G starts to pick up, there's going to be a reacceleration and replacement rate. And then you have the double effect of a unit pop and then the unit pop that that's going to carry more and more value and content. So well, that'll eventually come together, may not happen in sync, but that'll eventually start to come together for us in the industry.
Operator: And now to the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Just wondering back on the competitive landscape on the handset side, especially, there has been some talk about Murata being, getting starting company from the low band side, just wondering what you guys are seeing, especially as you look at the back half.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, well, Murata has always been in the game. They focus more on mid to low end stuff in our space. We compete with them all the time, we like our playbook, we like our position. We have not seen them encroach on our low band pad and we're moving up now anyway, so our low band pad is solid, but we're also moving into new categories. Murata has always been around and they're a good competitor. But we feel very strongly about our position and our ability to defend and grow in the categories we’re existing in today.
Vijay Rakesh: And on the millimeter wave side, I know, on broad markets, it looks like you talked about some nice design wins there with some of the bigger carriers, but looks like initially, at least on the European carrier side, it has been a little bit slower, especially the ramp versus some of the Chinese carriers or some of the guys like Huawei, but -- so are you seeing any change in that ramp, especially in the European guys, it looks like some of the millimeter wave rollouts got delayed.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, those are good questions. So kind of two parts to that. So, we are seeing, we are actually seeing some nice growth with the European carriers, we are, the European infrastructure players, the Ericsson, the Nokias, for example. And that's been incrementally positive. If we look at millimeter wave as a category, a great deal of complexity, it is new technology, it’s new spectrum that requires different types of devices to execute. And so that's a bit of a game changer where I think a number of players are working on it. But everybody comes to market with a different type of solution. It's not, I don't think, it's a case where the blueprint is the same for every carrier.  So I think there's still a lot of work being done competitively to see what's the right implementation of millimeter wave. There's an infrastructure piece. There is kind of almost a, what we would call, a wide area network type of deployment as well that could be, think of it as street lights in the neighborhood delivering millimeter wave technology. And that eventually, I think further along, there will be some implementations in the smartphone itself. So that's another opportunity for the space that we're in here to see some real TAM growth. The millimeter wave part I think is out a bit. But we are working on it. And it's an element of 5G and could be a pretty, pretty significant driver over the next three to five years.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: Perhaps tying into that that last response as we move into higher frequencies, I understand that new materials might be used here, more ceramics, for example, or lump element. Can you guys talk about your capabilities here and what you have, what you might be deficient in? And what you might be looking to perhaps acquire out there?
Liam Griffin: Sure, that's a great question. In fact, we do have lump element in ceramics by the way, we noted some of that technology in the aerospace and defense comments earlier. But you're right, I mean, so in order to deliver across the entire spectrum, we go from 700 megahertz. Today, our technology gets up to about 2.5, we can push it to 6-gig and then you start to deal with millimeter wave, which is new technology in development. We don't have that in production. We have it in development. So there's going to be quite a bit of research and development and execution to make that millimeter wave spectrum work. It's, again, there's a lot of great benefits to that technology, but it's new.  So each supplier is working on in a different way. We've been a leader in integration on the Skyworks side. So one of the things that's really important is the customers, they have a full solution, not just a piece of silicon. They want an integrated system solution that works for them in their infrastructure side, and also in the handheld side. Our ability to reach into our filter portfolio, again, all the way from low bands to ultra-high bands, leverage our gallium arsenide technology and then the in house packaging, there's a great deal of complexity in packaging as well in millimeter wave. We can put all of that together. But we're not going to do that in a mass market approach.  We're going to work with each customer and each carrier to make sure that we work in their fashion and hit their schedule, their timelines and their technology notes. Because they're very different across the space. So there's a lot to learn in millimeter wave in the industry right now. It's going to be a big opportunity for the space. We've been making investments. Over time, we're accelerating our work. We're sampling and we're continuing to get feedback from the customers that matter. And we look forward again, as I noted, as an opportunity for us over the next few years.
Christopher Rolland: And then you guys talked about being baseband, I'm not agnostic on that. But totally makes sense, I guess that, but Qualcomm is out saying they plan on tuning their RF to work optimally with their modem – their baseband particularly when it comes to power, for example, as we move into some of these higher frequencies. So I guess, the story sounds really good. But in your opinion, why is there no competitive advantage that can be gained from designing both the modem and the RF in the same system?
Liam Griffin: Well, they're totally different devices, different technologies. It's completely different. The RF technologies that we have, the gallium arsenide technology that we have are very different than silicon and CMOS. When you look at the complexity today, and 4G moving to 5G, it is incredible. And companies that have done nothing but RF, okay, are having a hard, hard time executing in the 5G world. So I think it's going to be challenging for Qualcomm that comes out of a digital baseband side, great company, but for them to take that leap into 5G I think is really going to be a challenge. The market has been around for a long time. Qualcomm has been around for a long time, we've had 2G, we had 3G, we had 4G, and we really have not been threatened from them as we've moved along. There's a lot of competition in this space. But we haven't seen the Qualcomm RF threat be significant for us. We respect the company. They have great technology, we've lined up with them. And a number of handsets interoperated with their baseband, and delivered compelling end solutions for our customers. But on the RF side, given the complexity that we're seeing right now and the challenges in bringing all this stuff to market in a 5G world, very, very hard, very, very hard for companies that haven't spent time and energy and years working on that implementation.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Laurie. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' first fiscal quarter 2019 conference call. With me today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for more information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance that we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome everyone. Despite macro weakness across our global mobile business, Skyworks delivered solid financial results driven by content games, our expanding footprint and broad markets to continued execution of our innovator product strategy, and the strength of our business model. Specifically in Q1, we've generated $972 million of revenue, delivered gross margin of 51% and operating margin 36.7%. We posted an EPS of $1.83 and we produce $549 million in cash flow from operations a new quarterly record for Skyworks. In addition to achieving strong profitability and robust cash flow, we've clearly expanded our design wind pipeline in several emerging high growth categories. Our solutions are now enabling the newest Wi-Fi standards along with the latest advances in MIMO base stations and across mobile payment platforms. For example, our Wi-Fi 6 products are now powering NetGear routers, Charter Communications Home Gateways and Ruckus Indoor Access Points to name just a few. We also partnered with Square, a market leading mobile payment platform, powering their latest long range retail systems. And we supported next generation high fidelity audio solutions for Bose enabled by Alexa voice controls. In addition, we've ramped advanced wireless engine supporting Phillips end-to-end street light management platforms. And across the infrastructure space, we've secured a number of massive MIMO wins with leading base station providers as they prepare for the ramp to 5G. Across automotive, we reported next generation telematics solutions for leading German and Korean manufacturers. And these results highlight our success as we continue to increase our product reach across a growing set of end markets, applications and customers. We have extended our technology leadership in cellular and are capitalizing more broadly across the Internet of Things, leveraging a diverse set of connectivity protocols, including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth ZigBee and GPS. Looking ahead, 5G technology will fuel a broad array of markets and applications, ranging from industrial IoT, automotive, machine to machine, healthcare, smart cities as well as artificial intelligence. Capitalizing on the advances of our mobile solutions, the launch of strategic product categories and the diversified strength of broad markets, we remain confident in our ability to outperform. As a management team, we are squarely focused on operational excellence while continuing to invest strategically across innovative technologies and products, establishing a firm foundation for future growth. With that, I will now turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q2.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2019 was $972 million. Momentum in our high-growth broad market business allowed us to partially offset unit declines across our mobile business. That was mostly driven by weak and customer demand in China. In fact, revenue from broad markets continued to outperform in the first fiscal quarter. We have double digit revenue growth compared to the first quarter of last year, demonstrating continued diversification across multiple end markets, customers and applications. Gross profit was $495 million resulting in a gross margin of 51%, down 20 basis points sequentially on lower revenue. Operating expenses were $139 million or 14% of revenue, slightly below our guidance. We generated $356 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 36.7%. First quarter effective tax rate was 9.7%, this draw net income of $325 million or $1.83 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. First fiscal quarter, cash flow from operations was a record $549 million and capital expenditures were $129 million, resulting in a strong free cash flow margin. We paid $67 million in dividends and repurchased a record high of 4 million shares of our common stock for a total of 284 million, and we ended the quarter with a cash balance of 1.1 billion and no debt. As noted in our separate press release issued today, Skyworks Board of Directors has authorized a new $2 billion stock repurchase program. This new buyback plan reflects our confidence in Skyworks' business model and our ability to consistently produce strong free cash flow, allowing us to leverage share repurchases and dividends to generate higher shareholder returns. Our strong balance sheet and cash position provide important competitive advantages, allowing us to make the strategic investments in R&D while funding the capital requirements for 5G, as a complexity of our solutions intensifies. Now, let's review our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. We anticipate revenue in the range of $800 million to $820 million. We expect gross margin to be between 50.5% and 51%, which is flat year over year at the midpoint of the range despite lower year over year revenue. In light of the market backdrop, we will continue to drive operational efficiencies and prudently manage our operating expenses down to approximately $135 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $3 million another income and an effective tax rate of 10%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 175.5 million shares, assuming a revenue midpoint of approximately $810 million. We plan to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.43. With that, let me turn the call back to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. As all results indicate, we are continuing to deliver high levels of profitability with consistently strong cash flow. More importantly, we have strategically positioned Skyworks to outperform, as we seize upon a complex set of new opportunities in both mobile and broad markets. For example, the shift of 5G is a tremendous catalyst representing an entirely new connected ecosystem, one where Skyworks will play a leadership role. At a higher level, 5G will be transformational, requiring step function increases in analog performance, advanced filtering and power efficiency. With decades of experience spanning successors technology generations, Skyworks is well positioned to capitalize with strategic partnerships across all smartphone and IoT customers, differentiated systems solutions, enabling unmatched levels of integration and performance, focused investments to expand our product portfolio, IP and scale. And finally, a business model that leverages both mobile and broad market diversification with leading financial performance, we are committed to creating shareholder value while executing on our ambitious vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Guys, I want to start just by understanding the different dynamics in the businesses we look at the second quarter. Kris, can you just clarify for us, what was the split between broad markets and integrated mobile in the first quarter? And then, as we look at the second quarter, what are the gives and takes in the second quarter, Liam? Do you think that can be a trough for the year and integrated mobile or would that come later in the fiscal year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Craig. I'll start by giving you some of the details there. So, in the December quarter broad market was approximately 27% of total revenue and of course mobile was 73%. So, in terms of broad market, we are still running at over $1 billion on an annualized revenue run rate. Also as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, broad market was up double-digits on a year-over-year basis into December quarter. So, we continue to see a lot of strength in our business, in our infrastructure business, some of our wireless connectivity solutions and as well we start turning revenue in our automotive business as well.
Liam Griffin: Right, Craig, and also if you think about the back half of the year pivoting off Q2 which is seasonally down and certainly hit with some macro effects where we feel much better about where the second half is going, consummating strategic design wins, which we will be launching in the back half of 2019.
Craig Ellis: And then, the follow-up question is on the new share buyback announcement. So, I believe it was the year ago that the program step up significantly to 1 billion. I think around 88% of that was executed within one year. So, the question is this; one, should we look at the new program as something that could be executed with similar pacing to last year's program? And if not then, should we think about other uses of cash whether it’d be further M&A beyond Avnera or potential action with the dividend as things that the Company would try prosecute?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so first of all, we continue to generate very strong cash flow, very strong cash from operations; and even when you look at the free cash flow taken into account, our CapEx, we continue to generate a very strong free cash flow. Obviously in the December quarter, the free cash flow margin was approximately 43%. We benefited there from reduction in our DSOs, but on an ongoing basis, we expect and we’re well on track for the 30% free cash flow margin. So, we feel good about that part of that business. And yes, in January of 2018, we put a $1 billion buyback program in place. There was only $129 million left under that pervious program so that got cancelled, and we did put a new $2 billion program in place right now. If you look at cash return to the shareholders in fiscal ’18, we actually returned over a 120% of our free cash flow back to the shareholders, a combination of our dividend program as well as our share buyback program. And we’ll continue to use those two programs to return substantial amount of the free cash flow back to the shareholder.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: I wanted to ask about 5G both on the infrastructure side as well as the mobile side, going forward. Can you remind us how meaningful your infrastructure business is within broad markets? And what kind of trends you’re seeing there as it relates to 5G? And then on the mobile side, I believe it's one of the 20/20 dynamic, but what are your thoughts on that as a potential driver for both units as well as content for your business?
Liam Griffin: Sure, well, we have been a consistent provider of infrastructure technology for years, across the global set of customers in Europe and Americas and in Asia. So, that something hasn’t changed. We’re starting to see some ramp up in architectures in 5G on the base station side. There is new technology. There is MIMO integration there as well. So that is definitely a driver and a catalyst for broad market. And then in parallel with that, we are absolutely committed to delivering 5G technology. We’re working on that right now with customers that matter. A lot of collaborative strategic dialogued between our customers and ourselves to craft the best possible solutions for 5G. It brings with the tremendous opportunities and filtering tremendous opportunities in our gallium arsenide technology. Our ability to integrate basically these products in our own sites and we launch as you know our Sky5 platform here last year. So, we’re making great strides. We think those products will come to market probably in 2020 and more readily in 2021. But the great opportunity and as we noted in our prepared remarks, the real catalyst for this industry will be at the forefront.
Toshiya Hari: As a quick follow-up, I wanted to ask about China smartphones. What percentage of your revenue came from your Chinese customers within mobile into December quarter? And I guess going forward, do you think the current quarter as the trough for that business? Or do you think we should prepare for multiple quarters of weakness, just given the inventory situations there?
Kris Sennesael: So in the December quarter, revenue from our Chinese customers was approximately 20% of our total revenue. It was down substantially on the sequential basis, which is somewhat in line with normal seasonality. However, we do expect in the March quarter a further minor sequential decline of that business.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Maybe just following up over the last question, if you look, obviously there's a lot of well known weakness in mobile, but it equates to some down substantial down year-over-year. So I'm just kind of curious as you look back at December and then maybe even that whole fiscal year. In terms of your, the market versus your sharing your content, you can kind of look back there and have analyzed. What drove those substantial year-over-year declines and then kind of any perspective as you look forward at that reversing?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Blayne, this is Liam here. The way I would look at this is, you've got a regional effect with China specifically with the China demand really softened. And so think about that is a geography set, it certainly impacted customers in China. It also had a bit of a headwind on the export market, but a lot of China brands would populate technology from companies like Skyworks, and then those products would go all over the world and emerging markets and they're hard to track. But we use it as revenue there. So you have the China consumption coming down, you have the export markets also coming down. And thenm we have some specific unique challenges with Tier 1 customers that had much more advanced richer content with a lot of value and technology and their units coming down. Some of that was China and some of that with other markets, but it was a combination of that affect China at a high level, and then you could port that into individual customers of Skyworks and kind of read through the day, even Samsung had some challenges here in the last quarter. So, that's what we've been doing. If you look out in time, I feel a lot better about where we're positioned. We're executing on the things that we can control. We're delivering great content, high performance technologies that our customers love. We're reading for 5G. And then in parallel, we've got a broad markets business that continues to grow double-digits. So, we feel better about the second half, this was a tricky period or that we've navigated through but we expect to show better results here if you get into the second half.
Blayne Curtis: And then I just wanted to go back to the broad market. It seems like and freshly, if you mentioned some momentum in March just kind of going back to the first question. Is December the trough and broad markets? And do you expect it to increase sequentially?
Liam Griffin: Yes, it should be and we should continue to see some increases sequentially here. It tends to run on it's on an uncorrelated vector, right, vis-a-vis mobile, and we continue to be upside surprised by some of the new design wins that we bring forth. And one of the nice things I will say is where mobile is fairly well characterized in terms of customers in TAM and value, the broad markets businesses, there is not the headroom there. So, even in a market that could move sideways to down, we could grow and we're doing that. And one of the things to remember is that the breadth of our wireless protocols whether it's Wi-Fi or Bluetooth or ZigBee, or cellular really offers a great opportunity for us as we look at increasingly diverse set of customers and providing a menu of options for those customers as they move to connected solutions.
Operator: And our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jim in calling for Ambrish. Thanks for the question. First, I was wondering if you guys could give us a bit of an idea of when you expect to your BAW revenue to become more meaningful? And how does it translate into margins? I guess specifically, do you expect there should be a tailwind towards your 52% gross margin target?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, as we noted in the last earnings call, we have been making very good progress in our Bulk Acoustic Wave portfolio, and as you know, we have been a market leader in temperature compensated SAW. We continue to invest in that category and that’s become and continues to become a real strategic weapon for us. And the Bulk Acoustic Wave technology is moving along very well. We have design wins. We expect revenue in the second half. I don’t want to quantify too much to that right, but we have made the kind of progress that we expected to make. We have made more investments in capital as well to fortify the scale of our BAW technology. It's just another great opportunity for us to expand TAM and create the most diverse set of solutions that we can provide our customers, very meaningful for us in 5G as well, as we move into that category.
Blayne Curtis: And my follow-up is I guess turning towards broad markets. I think you point to bit of a macro slowdown I guess across your whole markets. But looking at broad market specifically, why are we not seeing the slowdown there beyond infrastructure and IoT? Where are you, I guess like, are you seeing I guess the slowing?
Liam Griffin: Yes, so broad market has provided an upside here and we’ll continue to do so. Again as I mentioned, there is just so much opportunity that we haven’t yet covered. We’re doing great work with our Wi-Fi product lines, with our ZigBee product line, getting into the infrastructure space now that’s taken off again for us. A lot of connected devices in the home, security, working with customers like Amazon, like Nest. We even have some defense business in our broad market portfolio. So, it creates a great opportunity because we’re really not -- we’re not constrained by TAM and sort of markets. We are growing the TAM. We’re expanding our reach and we’re getting into new customers and accounts. So, there’s a lot of headwind for growth even if some of the market dynamics at a macro level are not in our favor.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Craig, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Enaya] calling in for Craig. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to discuss like the opportunities do you see for content increase at your marquee customers when you look at appeal to in front of you? Like you know what are the key products that drive content increase to you? And what kind of boost would 5G provide?
Liam Griffin: Sure, well, if you look at the opportunities today, there is still an incredible ecosystem that lives and breathes on connected devices and smartphones, and the higher end players really embrace that. And if you look at what we have been seeing, as we have been seeing an increasing opportunity in mobile devices, even in 4G, we have been seeing that. Much more complex solutions, our DRX category for example, our high band solutions now bringing BAW to the table, all of that is moving in the right direction. But the big inflection is going to be the step up into 5G and that will absolutely happen. And when that happens, it's necessary that new technology that brought into the same physical form factor, that same handset, new technologies, new spectrum, new frequencies, more filtering. The ability to coexist with different devices brings in a tremendous amount of complexity and challenge and creates a unique opportunity for Skyworks and the top tier players in our space to win. So, we're looking forward to that. And those all again as a parallel opportunity in the infrastructure side, but we are absolutely seeing the block diagrams, the expectations and the dialogue with our customers at point to tremendous opportunity when 5G arise.
Unidentified Analyst: And from a follow-up, just want to touch upon Avnera, like can you just provide us an update how the integration is going? Where do you see the key opportunities and any milestones that we should be looking forward as you measure your progress on that acquisition?
Kris Sennesael: So of their and December quarter came in, fully in line with our expectations, by now we have fully integrated that business into our growth markets. And so, we're really pleased with the Avnera there. It came with a very strong management team, some great IP and technology. And we see a lot of good progress there as we integrate that into our business.
Liam Griffin: Right and if you think about the strategic rationale with Avnera, it's increasingly clear that voice is becoming one of the most important interfaces now in devices whether it's connected devices whether it's automotive. Voice technology is very critical and it's going through a phase now operates with more IP being layered in. So that technology for us by virtue of the Avnera, they'll put us in a great position to capitalize, levering their unique solutions, and then allowing Skyworks with a greater scale and manufacturing and also greater reach from a customer perspective to weave that all together to develop new sets of opportunities and new sets of revenue curves as we look out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: I guess my first question is. How to think about the shape of the year as you go through the end of the fiscal year? I think June is usually -- it's usually flat up maybe a little bit and September's usually up about 10%. So are there any sort of weird things that you point to with the comps this year that would make this year sort of abnormal versus what is typical seasonally?
Liam Griffin: Sure, yes, it's a great question. As we look out, what you just modeled is kind of what we see as well, you typically have March quarter that's seasonally down obviously more pronounced this year across the space. And if you look at the June quarter, that's flattest maybe a little bit. And then we get into the second half of the calendar year, our Q4 and then Q1 calendar, calendar and fiscal. We would expect higher level to grow. So what we do know is that, we are doing the work that necessary to win and platforms that matter. And not just mobile platforms, but also in broad markets, and also an infrastructure and the design win execution has been very, very favorable for us, it doesn't show up in the march for numbers. So we feel good about that. The breadth of the technology for us is really opening up and it's not one or two accounts. We're going moving the dial with some of our unique solutions across more and more players and mobile, and then the broad market is really just about adding new applications and customers. So we expect -- again, we're not guiding the full year but we do expect knowing what we know about our business and what we deliver on content and a lot of cases have you been shipped yet. We feel very good about that signature where you kind of have a flat the slightly up Q3 and then we move into the second half with a stronger top line and the financial performance in the bottom line should follow.
Timothy Arcuri: And then I guess the last -- the first half of the last fiscal year, you gave a little bit of granularity in terms of your largest customer there portion of your revenue. Can you give us a sense in terms of what that was in December and maybe what you think it'll be in March?
Kris Sennesael: So in the December quarter, our largest customer was over 50% of our total revenue pretty much in line with what it was in the December quarter a year ago. Keep in mind that the December quarter is a very strong quarter for our large customer. When you look at it on a full year basis, we expect that large customer to be in the mid 40s as a percent of total revenue, again pretty much in line with what it was last year.
Operator: And our next question is from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Just wanted to follow up on the commentary of increased investments for VOD, does that change in any way the CapEx outlook for the year which I think was around $400 million?
Kris Sennesael: No, not really. I mean we expect our CapEx to run slightly above 10% to revenue. It's a combination of some capacity expansion CapEx that we do, especially in our filter operation as we continue with our in-sourcing process that we talked about in the past. But in addition to that, we are making the necessary technology related CapEx investments in our filter operation and in our back end operation. And especially in the filter operation, a substantial part there is in support of our ramp with BAW filters.
Shawn Harrison: As a follow-up, the OpEx guide of $135 million, you're only up about $3 million year-over-year in spite of Avnera. How much of that kind of the OpEx you're taking out as temporary versus any permanent changes in that number?
Kris Sennesael: Well, as a management team, we will manage our operating expenses. We know what we can control. We are -- we will look at discretionary spending. Obviously, the rest on variable operating expenses as well that's come down on lower revenue. And so, at the same time, we will not hesitate to make the necessary investments for our future and make the necessary investments to build those new technology building blocks that support 5G, all the good R&D activities to support further expansion of our broad market business. So, it's a combination of both again we will continue to very prudently manage our operating expenses and adjust, if and when necessary.
Operator: We’ll go next to Bill Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Peterson: Wanted to ask a question similar to the revenue trajectory for the year, I guess, how should we think about gross margins given -- it sounds like you have a pretty good feel through your content later in the year for products that are released yet. How should we think about the gross margin expansion through the year?
Liam Griffin: So, first maybe a couple of numbers there, right. So, December came in at 51%, down 20 basis points on lower revenue. We guide March at 50.5% to 51% which is sequentially down, but in line with normal seasonality and so approximately flat on a year over year basis. Looking forward to the remainder of the year and beyond that, I feel good about our ability to further expand the gross margin towards our target model of 53%. Obviously, if we have more revenue tailwinds that will help us to get faster through the 53%, but we are again focusing on operational efficiencies, we are driving the technology curve, we are introducing new products to the market that are more value add type of products, and the combination of all of that will help us to further improve the gross margin.
Bill Peterson: And I guess, I think in the past broad markets you described is margin accretive and presumably that can grow faster than mobile. I guess, do you think you can still -- as you look at your design wind pipeline, do you think that business can continue growing at a double-digit clip for the full fiscal year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so, broad market is above average gross margin and we do believe that we can continue to grow that business double digit.
Operator: And our next question is from Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri: Liam, so if I look at the December quarter revenue and also the March quarter outlook, they're down almost double-digit year-on-year even though your content is up and then broad market is growing nicely in a double-digit pay. So my question is, to what extent do you think your March quarter outlook actually reflects the end demand? I mean, we know that obviously the end demand has in week. But I'm just wondering, if there's inventory of the component level that you need to work through and then the March quarter outlook, it's probably not a true reflection of the words and demand is. So if you could shed a light on that that will be helpful.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I mean, obviously, the way the quarter rolled out for us is now what we expected and now what we anticipated, and I think that that's kind of a shared by a number of peers, not just in mobile, but anyone in semis and even in tech kind of absorb this reduction is changed. And again, it's not even specific to a customer. I think we had, as I mentioned, a China effect that really hurt us and then some other trickle down challenges. But how do you set all that? Where we are here off of our current guidance and into the March quarter? We feel it's the right guidance is balanced and positions ourselves well for recovery in the second half. We were always keenly analyzing where the inventory is, and what our customers have on hand if we can see that and we usually can. One of the reasons why the number was down in Q2 quite frankly is to reconcile that. So, we feel that we created a balanced view here from our guide in our position to move forward and up from here.
Srini Pajjuri: And then, you talked about 5G obviously that's probably a bigger driver next year, but it looks like several of your customers are going to announce 5G phones in the not too distant future. I'm just curious as to, what you're seeing in terms of design win interaction? And then also, if you can comment on when you talk about content expansion, what exactly will drive constant expansion? Is it simply you need more powerful PAs and filters or either more bands? Or if you could shed some light on that, that will be helpful.
Liam Griffin: Yes, it's a couple of things. Yes, you will see announcements for 5G in the next 12 months. There's no question about that. And we are absolutely going to be populating those phones when they're announced. I think the big shift to the 5G ecosystem will probably get a little bit later kind of end of 2020 and 2021, but there will be steps along that path. Now, if we look at the opportunity, if you could just envision what we're looking at here is, you've got a 4G technology engine that is in place already in your device and that is not going away. 5G is going to be incremental and additive to your current handset. So, no one is walking around today with 5G frequencies in their phone or dealing with 6 gigahertz and above or dealing with millimeter wave in their phone. They're not doing that yet. That is coming. So, what's going to offer increased opportunity for companies like Skyworks, it's also going to drive a great deal of architectural complexity. And those that know how to handle that and know and companies that have the ability to be configurable and flexible in the architecture because what we are seeing in 5G is, every customer wants it differently whether it's a geographical roaming issue, it's a size issue. They're different, they're different. These are not cookie cutter devices and that's great for us because it gives us an opportunity to shape the curve, work with the customers, provide the greatest technology and also be in early. So we're looking forward too, we're making investments, we've rounded out our filter portfolio now with BAW. We've done a tremendous job today with our Sky5 platform on both transmit chain and receive side with the DRX technology. We were even weaving in some of our devices and Wi-Fi 6, GPS and some of these applications. So, we're looking forward to this. And again, this was forward looking revenue that we'll be seeing you know late into this year and further into 2020 timeframe.
Operator: We’ll go to Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra: Elaborating on the previous 5G and cluster show question, would you be able to say whether you had content currently into the Asia geography currently ramping and then kind of think of China specifically in the second half of this year. Just trying to see you know how impactful that ramp could be on your revenue line as you exit kind of 2019? And also, could you give us a bit of color on your market share looks like in 5G base stations versus what’s you’ve had so far in 4G?
Liam Griffin: Sure, well, we expect to and we are positioned to support all of the global infrastructure players in 5G, the U.S. players, the European players and the players in Asia and all of them today our customers for us. And the advances that we see in the MIMO architectures and the specific spectrum that's required to deliver the 5G wave forms, there's some great challenges there that we're going to work with these suppliers and these infrastructure players to overcome. So, we have a balance to do. We've seen a lot of great work come out of Ericsson and Nokia Siemens Networks. There is obviously some players that we see we see in APAC and we're well positioned there across this space. We need that. The infrastructure has to be in place for this new network to perform. So, we have great technology and opportunity in the handheld devices, but we also have to pair that up with the infrastructure side. So,we get that signal working together and we're all over it in each one of those customers.
Srini Pajjuri: And then given that before we see a more meaningful one of the 5G upturns in U.S. in 2020, RF content increases in the U.S., this year probably somewhat muted, so are we -- should we be bullish in terms of RF content specific to China markets which is probably where there's is going to be more 5G production this year? How should we look at the year over year potential comps in your mobile business for this whole year?
Liam Griffin: So, there's a lot there, but what I would say is, it's possible that China may be early in 5G, that's possible. But I think you also got to look at the global theater here because I think you've got some tremendous technologies coming to market across the globe in Korea from the U.S. from Europe as well as China. So, I think it's going to be more balanced in my perspective and what I'm seeing in my dialogue with customers, it's going to be more balanced launched. And as I also mentioned, you're going to have different flavors and technologies they're going to be put forth. Some of it is just absolutely necessary. There are new frequencies and new spectrums in products that go into these phones have to be able to deliver advantage and deliver signals across that spectrum. And we'll be one of those players. There will be some other things that will be required as well. Just think about the coexistence of all of this technology in a single device is going to create lots of challenges, harmonics challenges, coexistence challenges, that have to be overcome. We will be working with our customers to do that. They'll be players in China, but I think it's going to be much more of a global impact. And also remember, 5G is truly a technology, it's a technology that brings incredible data rate, low latency in capacity. So, 5G is not just a catalyst for the mobile phone, it's going to create IoT opportunities, it's going to create small cell opportunities and enable markets that we haven't even seen before, as we moving into future, automotive as well. So, there's a lot to look forward there and we're in good position working with market leaders globally.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: I am just wondering on the BAW site work show. What is the roadmap there? And what do you see us mix of broader and you said exists 2019?
Liam Griffin: Sure, sure. Well, what I will say is that, we've been working on our BAW products for quite a while. We haven't said much about it until the last earnings call, but we're making great advancements, great strides, sampling customers that matter getting incredible feedback, delivering on the successes that we have and then also learning about new opportunities that we haven't yet addressed. So, it's certainly round out our portfolio as a lot of players in that space as well, but we're going to we're going to be a meaningful, meaningful elements in BAW. As we go forward, as Kris mentioned, we made strategic investments in this technology. So, this isn't just IP, this is also being able to deliver the kind of technology and scale and the production side that makes this happen. And the BAW process is very different than surface acoustic wave that requires a whole different type of manufacturing complexity, and we know how to get that done now with a lot of help. So, you should just continue to see a steady growth in that area as we move forward. Our TC SAW technology is also vital to these architectures. We're seeing a lot of growth there as well. We continue to work that. But one of other things that we do differently than some of our peers is, it's the integration, it's bringing in the right filter, the right ICs, the right mix of gallium arsenide and SOI technology, the packaging and the configurability that we can offer each customers I think makes it unique. Having BAW now within our portfolio ready just solves another issue and we're looking forward to delivering and then as time goes on.
Vijay Rakesh: And then, the inventory side, I know it's tough to get a handle on all the inventories, but your inventory went off looks like in the December quarter. But if you're going to March with the revenues coming down, we expect inventories in-house to go up again or do you coming down? And also on the channel inventory side, any thoughts on how channel inventories look in China et cetera? What's your best guess there?
Kris Sennesael: So, on the inventory on our own books in the December quarter was flat, slightly up $3 million versus the September quarter. And when you look at inventory going forward, of course you have to take into account our seasonal pattern for fiscal Q2 and fiscal Q3 are the lowest quarters and then we see strong sequential growth into fiscal Q4 and fiscal Q1. We obviously want to maximize our capital equipment efficiency and trying to minimize our CapEx. So as a result of that, we will level load our operational activity into our factories. And so, during the low seasonal quarters, we typically build some internal inventory and so you will see inventories go up in fiscal Q2 and fiscal Q3, and then we start reading that off in Q4 and Q1. That's our own inventory level. On the inventory -- in the distribution channel, I think Liam already talked about that. We've definitely have seen some cautious behavior from most of our distributors given the level of volatility in some of the macro headwinds out there. And so, we are not fighting the tape there. We are working with our distribution partners and we keep a very healthy, normal level of inventory into the channel.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Rajvindra Gill with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Rajvindra Gill: With respect to the gross margin question, so in terms of margins kind of stabilizing and potentially expanding as you increase your mix of broad markets. I was wondering about any particular pricing pressure you're seeing in your mobile business that could potentially offset that mix shift, that positive mix shift going forward?
Liam Griffin: Sure, yes. So, certainly, the broad market portfolio has accretive margins to the Company. But what I will say is, as we move into more advanced 5G, the mobile business is going to get much more complex, and differentiation and execution and scale are going to matter. And we think we're going to do very well in that environment and provide a tremendous amount of value to our customer but also get the kind of margin that we deserve for bringing our technology to market. So, we feel good about our outlook and gross margin as we move to 5G and beyond.
Rajvindra Gill: And for my follow-up, with respect to the broad market. I wonder if you could give us a sense of what percentage of that revenue is coming from ADAS and autonomous driving? And what's your position there? What areas of growth -- what specific products do you think you'll have outsized share gains whether that's in Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or the sub 6 gigahertz band or MIMO? Just wondering, how you think about the 5G system architecture for the connected car?
Liam Griffin: Sure, that's a great question. We are fortunately today before 5G has arrived, we've had a really strong, I would say, the last year and a half a real strong uptake in automotive and engagement with a number of leading players, some we can announce and some we just can't announce. And it started with some of the instrument clusters that work in infotainment work, and now we're doing a lot of the telematics work. So, it's a meaningful part of our broad market revenue. We don't segment auto with a specific product line, but it's a meaningful piece and one of the fastest growing. When you move to 5G and we're working with the players now, the connectivity element is vital, it is critical. Again, you need the data rates a 100x what we see in 4G. Latency is absolutely at a premium. Near zero latency is required, and in many cases redundant cellular engines are required to ensure reliability and performance. And each player has a different way of looking at this, but it's going to be a significant opportunity for connectivity and wireless connectivity. And then from that, I think we can move further along within the automobile and collision avoidance, and even some vision systems and things like that down the road. Some of that we don't have in the portfolio today, but we absolutely will be well positioned on the core connectivity elements which are vital in 5G autonomous vehicle. So, that's an exciting opportunity. I'm happy that the team has been able to execute today on 4G opportunities and some other in-dash automobile solutions, but 5G for automotive is going to be really special.
Operator: And I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you, all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes our teleconference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc. Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' fourth fiscal and year-end 2018 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team delivered record Q4 and fiscal 2018 results, demonstrating the resilience of our business model, within a choppy end market environment. Let me begin with a few fourth quarter financial highlights. We grew our top line by 13% sequentially and exceeded our guidance of $1 billion in revenue. We expanded gross margin by 30 basis points sequentially to 51.2%. And we produced earnings per share of $1.94, up $0.30 or 18% sequentially, and $0.03 better than our guidance. From a fiscal year perspective, we generated revenues of $3.9 billion, up 6% with earnings per share of $7.22, up 12% on a year-over-year basis. And perhaps most importantly, we returned over $1 billion to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, representing a 55% growth in cash returns, as compared to the prior fiscal year. Notably, the Skyworks team delivered our 9th consecutive year of record revenue and EPS, with strong design win traction across Internet of Things and mobile ecosystems. Specifically, last quarter, we validated world-class performance of our Sky5 suite of 5G new radio solutions. Powered Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones, launched millimeter wave RF technology at major avionics suppliers and we secured wireless networking sockets at Cisco for high-density enterprise applications. We supported DOCSIS 3.1 cable TV gateways with 2.4 and 5 gigahertz front-ends, enabled smart audio solutions across Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo gaming consoles. We captured LTE Cat M content within u-blox's machine-to-machine modules. And finally, we demonstrate exceptional momentum in automotive, ramping our connectivity and telematics solutions with BMW, Geely, Hyundai, Tesla and Toyota. In short, we are capturing large scale design wins across all key segments, spanning industrial, home automation, enterprise, automotive and defense, as well as numerous flagship mobile platforms. At a higher level, Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the rapidly approaching 5G upgrade cycle and build upon the strong foundation we've established over the past decade. Our conviction is based on a number of strategic catalysts. First, we're seeing a significant uptick in demand for our base station and small cell massive MIMO solutions, as carriers around the world require LTE advanced technologies to achieve multi-gigabit speeds, driving network efficiency, higher capacity and greater coverage. Skyworks' vast experience is at the forefront of these initial deployments, leveraging our complete portfolio, including amplifiers, circulators and switches, as well as system level highly-integrated engines. We are well positioned to support the rapid deployments of the world's leading infrastructure OEMs. Second, on the other hand of the broadband connection, our smartphone opportunity is poised for a step up in architectural complexity, which in turn drives a dramatic increase in addressable content for us. This expansion is driven by entirely new bands, complementing existing systems, refarmed frequencies and expanded use of multi-channel carrier aggregation. And keep in mind, Skyworks already offers the industry's broadest portfolio for 4G LTE, proven and selected by the most discerning market leading customers. We've demonstrated technology leadership across a vast set of critical product categories, as our market-tested solutions resolve increasingly complex architectures, preparing us for the performance gains demanded in 5G. Our solutions uniquely cover the spectrum from low to high and ultra-high-bands, leveraging SkyOne and DRx modules to optimize transmit and receive performance. And beyond cellular, we augment this portfolio with equally innovative Wi-Fi, power management, precision GPS and tuning solutions. Further, we see compelling TAM growth driven by new product functionality, including 4x4 MIMO, antenna multiplexing and new millimeter wave technologies. At the same time, the broader IoT category continues to accelerate. With expanded 5G network capacity on the horizon, we expect 75 billion devices will be connected by 2025. That's three times today's installed base. Leveraging our leadership across all major wireless standards including 802.11ac and ax, LoRa, Bluetooth, ZigBee, Thread and Z-Wave, as well as 4G LTE and 5G, we are well positioned to capture a disproportionate share of this growth, particularly with the advent of autonomous vehicles, virtual reality, industrial IoT, and frictionless commerce. Finally, our complementary and synergistic acquisition of Avnera provides a strategic set of differentiated solutions, as we see voice becoming a critical means of communication across a diverse array of AI and IoT applications. The acquisition of Avnera will enable us to capitalize on the rapid proliferation of cognitive radios and its convergence with our advanced connectivity engines. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q1.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks' revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2018 was $1.008 billion, up 13% sequentially, exceeding our guidance and consensus estimates. Gross profit was $516 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51.2%, up 30 basis points sequentially, following 20 basis points of sequential improvements in the June quarter. Operating expenses were $136 million or 13.5% of revenue. We generated $380 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 37.6%, up 130 basis points from fiscal Q3. Our effective tax rate was 9%, driving net income of $350 million or $1.94 of diluted earnings per share, up 18% sequentially and exceeding our guidance by $0.03. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $209 million and capital expenditures were $112 million. We paid $68 million in dividends and repurchased 2.5 million shares of our common stock for a total of $235 million. As this is the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, let's also review our annual results. We delivered a record $3.9 billion of revenue, up 6% year-over-year. Operating income was $1.5 billion and net income was $1.3 billion, translating into $7.22 of diluted earnings per share, up 12% year-over-year. In addition to our solid top and bottom line growth, we generated cash from operations of $1.3 billion. We returned over $1 billion to shareholders in fiscal 2018, well over 100% of our free cash flow, with $243 million of dividend payments and $760 million in share buybacks, as we repurchased just under 8 million shares throughout the fiscal year. We ended the fiscal year 2018 with cash and investments of $1.050 billion and we have no debt. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2019. Continued strength in broad markets coupled with the launch of a diverse set of new high performance mobile solutions is offsetting unit declines in premium smartphones and overall China softness. As a result, in the first fiscal quarter of 2019, we anticipate revenue to be between $1 billion and $1.020 billion. We expect gross margin of 51.2%, plus or minus 10 basis points, and operating expenses of approximately $140 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $3 million in other income and a tax rate of 10%. We expect our diluted share count to further reduce to approximately 179 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of these ranges, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.91. With that, I will turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks delivered record results in fiscal 2018. Despite the near-term market weakness, we have a clear path to deliver our 10th consecutive year of revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2019. This outlook is driven by sustained double-digit growth across our broad markets business, a powerful and expanding design win pipeline encompassing a wide range of customers and applications, world-class operational execution and scale, and finally, our unwavering commitment to creating shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys, and congratulations on the Avnera deal close. So, just the first question is following up on some of the prepared remarks regarding some of the things that you're seeing on the integrated mobile side. Is it possible to break out the relative impact of the unit issue that you're seeing with high-end smartphones versus the China softness that you're seeing vis-à-vis a flat headline guide versus what I think would be plus 5% to 6% seasonality?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Craig. This is Liam. Yeah. If we look at Q4 and moving into Q1, I mean, what we have here is a great demonstration of content gain and moving up to some very complex engines within premier smartphones and that had been a lot of hard work that we've done over the last six months to nine months to make that happen. So, those devices were ready and rolling and demonstrated strong performance in Q4 and that same set of platforms rolling into Q1 were discounted on a unit basis. So again, a lot of great content and premier Tier 1 smartphones, but a bit of a unit miss here that came in kind of late for us entering Q1. On the China front, China continues to be an important market for us. We have a very diverse position, strong relationships with Huawei, Oppo, Vivo, great alignment with the media tech platforms as well. So, that market tends to have a little bit of seasonality going into Q1 as the premier Tier 1s tend to occupy and contain most of the share in the December quarter. But the China business is relatively in line with our expectation there.
Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: That's helpful. And then the follow-up, maybe two-part question, one part for you, one part for Kris. Kris, can you specify what the Avnera contribution is in both fiscal fourth quarter and what you baked into your fiscal first quarter guide? And then longer term, Liam, can you provide some parameters around how we should think about the way this business can scale within your broad markets group and to what extent is it going to gain leverage and fraction from the channels that you have within integrated mobile? Thanks, guys.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Craig. This is Kris here. So, we closed the Avnera acquisition on August 17, so we basically had six weeks of Avnera on our books in the September quarter. Revenue was approximately $6 million, at above average gross margin. So, we are very pleased with the acquisition there. In the guidance for the December quarter, we included $15 million to $16 million of revenue for Avnera.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Right. And alongside that, Craig, just to kind of follow-up on the broad markets piece. The Avnera portfolio lines up very well with the technologies that we've deployed already today. So, if you think about historically the acquisition of SiGe that we made several years ago, how we levered that unique technology, very specific technology and brought that through our channel, not only in smartphones but through a broad set of IoT customers, that same strategy will be deployed with Avnera and early innings look really good there.
Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just curious, I know in this environment, you probably don't want to venture too far into March, but just kind of curious given its reset and a quarter that's typically stronger, do you have any perspective as to how that translates into March?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Blayne. Yeah, I mean, it is a little tough to go into March here, but we feel that the dynamics that we're describing that are imputed in our guidance right now capture most of the pain here into Q1 and we expect – I would expect normal seasonality going into the March quarter. That's the way we look at it. You still have a broad markets business that has been able to offset weakness in mobile when that occurs. We typically do have kind of some mobile seasonality in March, but there's nothing that we see today that would give us any kind of concern that there's going to be problems there. So, we feel good about it. We are seeing more and more gains in the broader markets. The Avnera business is going to help. So, we're in better position than we had been in the past to weather the storm in a March quarter.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Then maybe just a question for Kris on gross margins. The Avnera deal is accretive gross margins, obviously you're seeing a unit headwind, so that should hurt some of your absorption. Can you just walk us through the moving pieces there? I mean, if you look year-over-year, margins are down a little bit. I know you've talked about kind of that margin clicking up over a longer horizon, 10 bps, 20 bps a quarter, can you just maybe walk us through the moving pieces there?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Absolutely. So, first of all, in the September quarter we further improved our gross margins with 30 basis points, in addition to 20 basis points that we added in our second fiscal quarter. So, I'm pleased with that. We will continue to drive further gross margin improvements. Obviously, volume growth always helps with that. And so the guidance for the December quarter is kind of flattish from a revenue point of view and so also flattish from a gross margin point of view, but as we look into the back half of fiscal 2019, we will continue to make further improvements on gross margin towards our target of 53%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. I guess first question would be with regard to 5G content and I guess Liam, I'm not sure I feel like we have the whole picture here with regard to where your content is going to stand with 5G with some of the new frequency bands. Last quarter, I think the word you used is that you're being crafty. Is it safe to say there's some new technologies that perhaps you're not ready to talk about now, but things that would strengthen your position, allow them to – allow you to address some of the new frequency bands and some new technologies needed as we go into 5G, more than what's been disclosed so far?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Chris. Absolutely. Good question. So, let me just begin with the fact that we are extremely well positioned to lead in 5G. There's a big step-up in technical performance. We're working with customers today. We're sampling. We're getting feedback. We're getting validation on what we're doing and how that's going to work in their system. So, that's for sure. And that will include enhancing and upgrading even the backward compatibility in 4G. Even those devices will need to be altered in some way to work in a 5G world. And then when you move into 5G proper, when you start to really deliver frequencies above 3 gig and above 6 gig, there's some new technologies. Millimeter wave is an opportunity and a technology that we have some great expertise on and we think that would be compelling and differentiated in our customer solutions and it's a technology that we're being asked to deliver now and asked to sample now. You're going to see more and more work done in our filtering technology. Not only on the low-band that gets enhanced and the mid band, but we're going to start to really step up in high-band. And having said that, actually, we've done a lot of work to develop our filter technology and we've talked a little bit about it, but we didn't fully disclose some of the work that we've been doing. And today, we're ready in BAW. We're developing BAW in-house. We've made targeted investments. It's part of Kris' CapEx number here and we're working on sampling and we have number of customers that are very interested and we're iterating through the normal process that we have with all of our technologies, but we will be ready when 5G comes for full capability across the whole spectrum.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. That's pretty helpful. Thank you. And if I could just return to some of your earlier comments with regard to some of the unit headwinds you were facing now and my interpretation of your comments is that, that was Tier 1 unit headwinds is what you were referring to. As you went to last year, there was some abnormal seasonality with regard to shipments. The timing was a little bit different. Did that have something to do as we're looking at the year-on-year growth that you're looking into December quarter, does that also have something to do with it as well? And if you could help us to do the math there.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, the timing is tricky. I mean, as you know, Chris, our job is to put forth the most compelling content and grow that content and advance our customers' performance and we did all of that. So, it's tricky to see how the dynamics are playing out. I think some of the signals that the Tier 1 players have provided have been helpful, that everybody's understanding and digesting that. As we get into March, as I mentioned on the last question, it is kind of early to tell, but we don't expect anything out of the ordinary. We still have a solid robust broad markets business. I mean, some of the APAC players don't have the negative cycle in the March quarter. In some cases, that can be offset. The other thing I would say is just reflecting back on the prepared remarks, we are still modeling growth in 2019. So, we're absolutely committed to delivering top-line and EPS growth through the fiscal 2019 quarter. So, it's only Q1 here that we're talking about, but we're comfortable with that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thank you very much. Liam, just so that we're all on the same page, how would you characterize normal seasonality for the March quarter? I know the business has now it's got a little bit more of the broad-based segment as well. And then I had a follow-up for Kris.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, market seasonality, it tends to be 10% to 15%-ish or so, I'd say, 12% at the midpoint. I mean, we always aspire to do better. It is early to make that call. We're just concluding Q4 and guiding Q1. But, that's the typical range that we see. We certainly do expect some of the things that we do in non-mobile areas to offset potential mobile volatility. But net-net, as I said, we're committed to growth in the year. March, I'm sure, we'll be fine in March, but that quarter's not fully guided.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then on the modeling front, Kris, what is the CapEx and then also the OpEx implications from the acquisition, please? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, so from a CapEx point of view in fiscal 2018, we spent slightly over $400 million in CapEx, which was just over 10% to revenue. We continue to expand the capacity in our filter operation as well in our back-end operation. And as Liam indicated as well, we continue to advance the technology in those factories and make the necessary technology-related CapEx investments as well. So, going forward, I do expect CapEx to stay on or about the same level as a percent to revenue as it was in fiscal 2018. In terms of OpEx, you can see a little bit of a step-up here in the December guidance and that's mainly driven by a full quarter of the Avnera OpEx that will hit us in the December quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. First, just a clarification. Kris, could you give us the mix of mobile and broad markets for September and what you're expecting for the December quarter?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So, in the September quarter, broad market was approximately 28% of total revenue. It was growing double-digit on a year-over-year basis, as well on a full-year basis, broad market was growing double-digits. So, we're very pleased with the performance there. We have now an annualized run rate of $1.1 billion in our broad market and looking ahead into Q1 of fiscal 2019, we continue to see very strong double-digit year-over-year growth. So on the flip side, of course, we have our mobile business which was 72% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then maybe Liam, one more on the visibility as we look forward, right. You mentioned that December is perhaps the bottom here and that you could get back to seasonal trends in March. I'm curious what is giving you that confidence? If you could perhaps give us some real-time sense of orders, have they stabilized? Just in general, right, give us some more confidence that December is the bottom and things could get back to normal for March. Or is it primarily predicated on your broad market seasonally doing better and China are returning back to growth and offsetting whatever remaining declines are at your larger U.S. customers?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Right, no, that's a great question. As I said, it's really hard to give a full, complete view of the March quarter. What I would say is from where we stand today, we comprehended what we thought were the magnitude of the reductions that we could see and we've contemplated those in our guidance. We look at the March quarter and we expect it to be in the range that I just articulated, somewhere in the 10% to 15% sequential, which is normal. We do have some positive catalysts around broad markets. So, we think a better China environment in that period. And then we'll see what happens with Tier 1 smartphone units. But we should be positioned to outperform and hopefully the market warms up a little bit. But in any case, again, we are committing to a full year, full fiscal year of growth in earnings, top line and bottom line.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Liam, just to follow-up on that point, just looking at how the fiscal year could potentially play out. So, December and March would be down roughly 3% or 4% year-over-year and to grow in the full fiscal year, is there anything unique happening right now from an inventory perspective or unique in the back half of next year? You have kind of line of sight from a content just as to get to growth after the first half looks to be a little challenged?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I think we should expect some recovery going into the second half of the year and then we have a lot of new design wins and platforms and programs that we're ramping mobile, but in many cases, some of the broad market work that we're doing, lots of opportunity with the Avnera channel we're already seeing customers embrace the Skyworks brand and our scale. Quite frankly, what we offer there is more than just a sales and marketing team. We have a tremendous reach operationally to do some high levels of integration where they have a discrete product line, so all of that's going to roll in, in addition to the core organic business. So, those are some of the things that give us a sense of bullishness as we look out into the second half and through the full 2019.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just a follow-up on Avnera, and you mentioned kind of the SiGe success story. Anything else you can kind of tie into that in terms of the playbook or how you see, because Avnera has been around for a while, but just really your distribution and the ability to kind of ramp that business more strongly on the Skyworks ownership.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Absolutely. So, a couple of things. There is certainly an element around customer engagement and we have a great opportunity to leverage the years and years of customer work that we've done and the trust that we've built with our accounts to now bring Avnera through that channel. That's one. We also have some amazing ability to create new solutions that would be very difficult for them to do on their own, leveraging our ability to package and test and bundle, kind of think of it as a point product versus an integrated solution, i.e., SkyOne, right, how we've taken fundamental technology and wrapped it up into an engine, a system that made it much easier, much easier for the customers to consume. So, they're doing some really special work in cognitive radio. So, it's not just the audio portion, but it's also these highly sensitive microphones that listen and discern the voice or the signal to create a connection. So, some incredible things that we can do together and the partnership should really form well. It'll take some time before we see all the revenue build up. But we do think it will be an impact positively in 2019 and in outer years certainly a significant opportunity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Thank you. Liam, what do you mean by you're ready today in BAW? Have you sampled duplexers in BAW? If so, what bands? We've heard of single band Rx filter samples. Beyond that, we've not seen anything. So, I'm just curious, you seem to make a much stronger statement about BAW this quarter than I've heard in any of your periods in the past. What's changed?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: What's changed? What's changed is that we've done a lot of hard work, Ed. We've made investments in the technology. Our engineering teams have been working this for a long time and I haven't been talking about it, because we weren't ready. But we're ready now. And we are sampling with key accounts. I don't want to get into all the details there. But we are sampling. We're getting feedback. There's credible iteration around the process and around the end products. And as you know, we do it differently. We're not going to be a discrete filter company. We're going to be a systems level company. We're going to leverage that technology in our Sky5 suite and just stay tuned for more developments.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Is most of this going to be focused then in some of the new products, the future products that you're putting out, especially with regard to Sky5 and attacking – and now there's going to be higher frequency bands in 5G? Is that what we can expect to see the first samples of this?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, yes. So, we wouldn't – our role here and our ambition is to move forward into 5G and there may be an opportunity for us to go back in the legacy architectures, but I don't think that's really the sweet spot. It's really the leverage that we have in providing customers a full suite of proven LTE solutions from SkyOne to diversity we see, augmenting that with 5G technology and then bringing some really compelling stuff in the high-band to our customers. And I mean, clearly this is something that's been on our agenda for a long, long time. We haven't talked much about it, but we're ready now. And you're right. This is a lot more than we've said in the past and there's a good reason for it.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Okay. That makes a lot more sense. And then if I could, it seems clear from this standpoint already that next year's premium phones, especially Tier 1 manufacturers, running head-long into this antenna problem. And it looks like they'll be pulling some BAW-based DRx functionality into this. And I know they kind of redesigned the whole thing. Where does that put Skyworks? You've got a huge amount of content in that tear-down show you've got, significant increase year-over-year in content in that section too. I don't expect you to be locked out, giving you the premier supplier. But does that put you at a little bit of a disadvantage for those bands that are looking at lowering insertion loss? Or is it something that you could do with this new technology you're talking about?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. No, we're very solid in the whole DRx family from low to mid to high. And that's been in place for a while and there's obviously iterations and improvements in performance that we make annually. On the antenna multiplexing, I think that's a new opportunity for us that we will also pursue. So, we will certainly protect our core on low-band and high-band and DSM as we go forward. And our filtering technology today is perfect for that and we know how to curate and alter that if we need to. But some of the other opportunities that are out there are still on the drawing board and we'll have the technology to address. It's not going to all happen in one cycle, but I'm really pleased with the team's performance, their patience, their diligence, the hard work, some of the devices that we're putting forth today. I'm really happy with and I think we'll be able to demonstrate that in the market very soon.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. If I look at the overall revenue growth, you guys have sort of barely grown year-over-year, despite all the content growth the past couple quarters and despite broad markets growing kind of like low teens year-over-year. So, if I look into March and I assume sort of a down 10% to 12% normal seasonal, you're going to be, it looks like down again year-over-year in March. So, can you just again highlight why is that the case? Is it really high-end smartphone? Is that why the company's not really growing the last four quarters? Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, listen, we just grew fiscal 2018. We're going to grow fiscal 2019. We talked about that. The fundamental change here from what would have been a more bullish guidance is really the unit change with some of the premier higher-end players, where the content has been very significant. I mean, that's the fundamental issue. I mean, there's some China softness, but that's not a big surprise for us. I mean, that's something we've contemplated. And we have a broad set of accounts. We have a broad set of technologies that we're bringing to market. We have new solutions coming out into 5G. We have an IoT landscape that continues to grow at double-digits and a broad markets that continues to grow at double-digits. So, we're not guiding the whole quarter-by-quarter, but we are comfortable with providing an outlook for the year in total, which will be top-line growth and bottom line growth.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Liam, just I want to understand the – I understand the outlook being a little bit weaker because of the unit weakness, but given your content expansion, I would have expected a little bit more upside to the quarter. You came in line which is pretty decent, but I'm curious, did you – I mean, have you started seeing the weakness in the quarter itself? Or were there any other puts and takes that impacted the quarter?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: In the Q4 period, not really. A little bit of softness in China. I think it was a fairly strong quarter for us. We exceeded guidance. We grew EPS by $0.30, 18%. The Q1 impact is what we're seeing now and we're talking through. So, I think that's something that we've imputed into the guidance. We think we've taken the right amount of pain in the guidance on that. Our content position is solid. There's no share loss in our leading platforms. So, it's not a case where we fumbled and didn't execute or weren't able to win the sockets that we pursued. But across the most compelling platforms, the larger Tier 1s, there's a bit of an impact there. We'll be able to recover from it. There's other parts of the business that are doing really well. And I think this part of the business will recover as well.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And then just to follow-up on that Liam. As we look out to the next fiscal year, I'm guessing 5G, it's a little bit early, but over the next four quarters, can you talk a little about the competitive environment in 4G? It looks like Qualcomm is definitely making some progress and the market is not growing in terms of units and are you seeing any more pricing dynamics out there and any more intensity in terms of the competitive nature? Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, what I'm seeing and this has been a theme that's been going on for a while, is that the competitive landscape, honestly, is getting more and more driven by two or three players, right, maybe four. And you have to have a broad set of technologies and you have to have the agility to work with multiple customers and solve their problems. And the complexity within mobile platforms, especially at the high end, and the high end is where all the money is being made by the way. It's where the money is being made by the OEMs, and they rely upon suppliers that can do the hard work for them. The hard work delivering very, very high performance transmit and receive Wi-Fi, tuning, having the scale and having the techniques to do the filtering that we've talked about in the last few questions, all of that. So we don't really – in fact, that environment has been very good for Skyworks. It's given us a chance to outperform and leverage our technical expertise, our manufacturing scale and the investments that we've made in some of these high-performance filters. So, I think the competitive field is going to narrow and the complexity and challenge is going to be very, very high and those that can deliver and meet that challenge will do well. And we'll be among the few that can do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Peterson with JPMorgan.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking the question. I guess, when we think about the full-year growth that you're talking about next year, and implied it's going to be stronger in the second half. What is this driven by? Is it 5G? Is it more content in China? Increased content in some of the flagships? What type of products? Is it tuning plexing? More diverse to receive? If you can help us understand what's going to drive this growth next year, that'd be helpful.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, there's certainly there's new developments across multiple parts of the business. In the mobile side, we're continuing to drive a content move across all parts of the portfolio. So, we talked a little about the high end, but also in the mid tier. There's an equally important opportunity to take mid-tier players in China and other markets and even some of the Samsung portfolio, to take mid-tier phones up a level to advance their technology in 4G. And we are starting to see, and we are developing right now, 5G solutions that we know are going to market and they're going to create a meaningful catalyst. We talked about that in the prepared remarks. There will be meaningful new technologies in 5G product. That's an opportunity for everyone in our space to pursue and I certainly like our opportunity, given our experience with customers, the manufacturing assets that we have, the technologies that we have, and the ability – and I'll use the word crafty again – the ability to do very, very hard things with very high demand from customers and be able to have the flexibility to make it work for each and every one. The more you go long in the technology and you move into 5G, people do it differently. Customers do it differently. They select different bands. They have different performance budgets, current budgets, and it makes it more challenging for the suppliers. And having that know-how and that broad breadth of experience with baseband providers and multiple customers puts us in a good position. So, we'll start to see that in the second half of this calendar year, more and more complex engines. The IoT space continues to move up. The Avnera opportunity, we're getting our first year of that. That's going to be incrementally positive for us as well. So, there's a number of very positive catalysts going on here as we get through the Q1 and Q2 periods.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. As my follow-up, maybe sticking on 5G, you talked earlier about millimeter wave. A competitor discussed in their call yesterday that millimeter wave would be required at launch next year. I guess the first question is, do you agree with that? And I guess I would think that sub-6 would be more likely to start in millimeter perhaps later, but if you can expand on your expectations from the market perspective and then as well as expand on your own millimeter wave products both for maybe infrastructure as well as a smartphone.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, we are seeing a kind of a stepped up pace on millimeter wave and we'll be positioned to deliver on that. So, that's something that could be a very positive catalyst for the industry. We are absolutely positioned to execute in that area, certainly on the handheld side and also on the infrastructure side. There's a lot of IP in our company that goes back into the infrastructure days where we have a lot of IP around millimeter wave and some other technologies that we can deploy that typically hadn't been used, quite frankly, in handheld devices. So, if we're able to deliver that, I think would be exceptional. We are working on it. It's not new for us. It's just about the pace in which our customers want to deploy the technology. We'll be ready on the semiconductor and system side. It's really a matter of when does the market want to see this technology in a commercial use.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, Kris and Liam. It would appear the acquisition of Avnera is a precursor for additional bolt-on M&A. Are voice applications a primary focal point going forward? Or are other areas such as networking infrastructure, more palatable as you build your economic around 5G? And separately, how much cash do you think you need to run the business today? Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, I'll start and then I'll pass it over to Kris. Yeah, I think one of the things, Karl, that we like is – in our deals and obviously we haven't done many and those that we've done have worked out pretty well. We had a very discerning view on these transactions. But one of the things that we like about this technology is that it dovetails so well into the areas that we've already created some real value. So, there's common set of customers in some areas, both in IoT and in somewhat in mobile. There's an opportunity for an integration process to occur, leveraging their core IP more at the chip level and then wrapping that up with our MCM technology and our packaging technology to do something even bigger. And then we just have kind of a real broad customer scale opportunity across the globe, but we have a big team at Skyworks that's in just about every mobile and IoT customer you could imagine and comparing that with a great organization at Avnera, but just much, much smaller. So, you could see how that leverage plays. And the technology today is really good. We don't have to fix their technology. It works. It's great. It's just a matter of bringing it to market and maybe changing some of the form factors to create more upside and more configurability.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: And so on the question of the cash to run the business, well, we ended last quarter in the fiscal year with just over $1 billion of cash and investments on the balance sheet. That's definitely a level that's very comfortable. We actually need a little bit less of cash just to run the business. So, we do have still excess cash. Given also the fact that we generate a ton of cash, we have a very strong cash flow from operations and very strong free cash flow. We continue to target free cash flow margin of 30% and we will also continue with our cash returns to the shareholders. As we indicated in the prepared remarks, we returned more than $1 billion of the cash to the shareholders during fiscal 2018 and we will continue to do so in fiscal 2019 through our dividend program as well as our share buyback program.
Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. I had a follow-up on BAW. Congratulations, by the way, on getting BAW done in-house. We are hearing that the 5G handsets, at least some models, will be out in the second half of calendar next year. Liam, do you think your BAW products would be ready commercially around that timeframe?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. It's possible. We're in the middle of our design work and our sampling right now. So, I don't want to hang a date on that, but certainly in the next 12 months to 18 months, as I indicated. So, it's possible. It could be sooner. There's a lot of work to be done to validate and kind of leverage that spectrum. So, we'll wait and see, but we're definitely going to be a player in that segment.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And then for my follow-up, I wanted to ask another question on China. I assume that China is down in December. Did I hear you say correctly that by the March timeframe that China would be back to normal seasonal trend? And maybe you could tell us what that might be. Is China usually ticking up in March or is it usually down for you in March?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: No, the seasonal trend is a sequential decline into the December quarter, a pretty strong sequential decline into the December quarter; but then typically in March, we see the business coming back with a sequential increase.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you guys.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Okay. Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences during the quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-07-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitchell Haws - Vice President of Investor Relations. Liam Griffin - President and Chief Executive Officer. Kris Sennesael - Chief Financial Officer.
Analysts: Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR Mike Burton - Benchmark Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Blayne Curtis - Barclays Harsh Kumar - Piper Jaffray Vivek Arya - Bank of America Krysten Sciacca - Nomura Instinet Timothy Arcuri - UBS Tristan Gerra - Baird Atif Malik - Citigroup Bill Peterson - JP Morgan
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions' Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws please go ahead.
Mitchell Haws : Thank you, Kieran. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' third fiscal quarter 2018 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. In addition, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome everyone. The Skyworks team produced solid results once again in Q3. We generated a revenue of $894 million above consensus estimates. We expanded gross margin to 50.9%, up 20 basis points both sequentially and year-over-year. We delivered record Q3 earnings per share of $1.64, $0.05 better than our guidance. And finally, we continue to deploy our cash to create shareholder value, returning nearly $300 million during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. From a market perspective, we are entering the seasonally strong second half while on track for another year of record financial performance. Based on our Q4 outlook, we will end the fiscal year with mid-single-digit revenue growth, greater than a 10% EPS increase and record cash returns. This despite a choppy market backdrop and a government imposed trade ban on a sizable Chinese customer. Our confidence is underpinned by our product expansion and reach, expanding premier mobile and broad market accounts. For example, during the quarter, we commenced production of access solution for Cisco, capture content and Linksys new dual-band mesh networks ramped connectivity engines for Amazon’s 4K Fire TV, a leading voice enabled streaming media platform. Partnered with Sierra Wireless on LTE CAT-12 data cards for M2M applications, deployed networking solutions supporting AT&T DirecTV gateway, extended our footprint across Nest home automation platforms. Enabled LTE telematics at TM and BMW and we introduced high precision GPS functionality, improving ride sharing, mobile payment and fleet management services. We also secured strategic flagship wins at Huawei, Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, LG and Nokia. And then our infrastructure markets, we powered massive MIMO solutions for a leading European base stations supplier. In summary, we continue to expand the aperture of a design win pipeline spanning mobile, IoT, in a broadening set of diverse end markets. With IoT, the rapid proliferation of volumes represents a significant growth opportunity for Skyworks. Ericsson, for example, estimates that there will be 29 billion connected IoT devices by 2022. And at the same time 5G is upon us to dramatically higher speeds and lower latency enabled by 5G will catalyze a wide range of uses cases from the connected battery to the autonomous car to artificial intelligence. In order to make the leap to 5G system architectures require significantly more powerful connectivity engines to ensure performance hurdles are overcome. Skyworks is leveraging our deep systems knowledge, strategic partnerships and formidable investments to accelerate the deployment of 5G with our Sky5 platform providing end-to-end performance across this critically important new spectrum. To that end, we reached key milestones this past quarter, including the launch of our Sky5 antenna tuning portfolio. Our newest 5G solutions deliver enhanced bandwidth coverage from 60 megahertz to 6 gigahertz. This is an enormous and incremental source of content growth for Skyworks as the number of antennas increased substantially across 5G engines. In addition, last quarter we successfully demonstrated our proprietary fully integrated Sky5 sub-6 gigahertz engines supporting new 5G and our radios across frequency bands and n77, n78 and n79. Quite simply Sky5 is enabling new 5G networks and facilitating ubiquities wireless connectivity for both people and things. I will now turn the call over to Kris for discussion of last quarter’s performance and our financial outlook.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Lian. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2008 was $894 million, exceeding consensus estimates. Gross profit was $455 million with gross margin at 50.9%, up 20 basis points sequentially as well as year-over-year. Third quarter operating expenses were down sequentially to $130 million. As a result, we generated $325 million of operating income translating into an operating margin of 36.3%. Our tax rate was 8.9% in the quarter. Net income was $300 million, translating into $1.64 of diluted earnings per share exceeding our guidance by $0.05. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Third quarter cash flow from operations was $258 million and capital expenditures were $191 million supporting further revenue growth in the second half of the calendar year as well as the necessary technology investments for emerging 5G opportunities in IoT markets. Dividends paid were $58 million and we've repurchased 2.5 million shares of our common stock for a total of $240 million, bringing our total share repurchases this fiscal quarter to over 5 million shares. In fact, in fiscal '18, we have returned essentially all of our free cash flow back to the shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividend payments. And we enter the quarter with the cash and investment balance of over $1.6 billion and no debt. Now moving on to our outlook. For the third fiscal quarter, sorry, for the fourth fiscal quarter, we expect revenue to be up 11% to 13% sequentially or $1 billion at the midpoint. We anticipate further gross margin expansion with fourth quarter gross margin between 51% and 51.5%. We expect operating expenses in the fourth quarter of $135 million. Below the line, we expect roughly $4 million in other income, a tax rate of 9% and a diluted share count of 182 million shares. Accordingly at the midpoint of these ranges, we planned to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.91, up 16% sequentially. Finally, today we also announced a 19% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.38 per share, reflecting our confidence in Skyworks' business model and sustainable cash generation capabilities. With that, let me turn the call back to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. Liam. As our results and outlook demonstrates, Skyworks continues to financially outperform, driven by content-rich design wins, covering a number of strategic customers and applications, increasingly strong momentum in broad markets, world-class operational execution scale, our Sky5 platform enabling the 5G applications of tomorrow, decades of experience in developing innovative solutions over successive technology generations, and finally, superior cash flow performance allowing us to out invest our competition while providing premium returns to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Alright, thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Craig Ellis from B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis : Yes, thanks for taking the question. And I'll just start with a clarification for you Kris. Kris, could you help us with the segment breakouts in the fiscal third quarter and then as we look at the guidance for the 11% sequential growth in the fourth quarter? Can you provide some color on how the segments can perform within that?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Craig. So broad market in Q3 was approximately 30% of total revenue, was actually slightly above 30%. And so mobile was approximately 70% of total revenue. Speaking about the broad market, we continue to see really nice growth there. We are growing in the low to mid-teens year-over-year, and so we are now at a $1.1 billion annualized revenue run rate. So we see really good strength across the board, especially the IoT segment that’s including the connected home, the connected car, machine-to-machine industrial applications, some consumable applications. And in addition to that, we also see some really good traction there on the infrastructure segment, so broad market is doing really, really well.
Craig Ellis: And the second part of that clarification question was the fourth quarter. Would you expect broad markets to continue to grow in the fourth quarter? Historically it’s been up in some quarters down and others?
Kris Sennesael: No. We definitely expect thrown sequential growth in broad markets into the fourth quarter. And so continue on that low to mid-teens year-over-year growth.
Operator: Thank you. And now to line of Mike Burton from Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Mike Burton: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the results. First, the China business, can you talk about how your Chinese OEMs fair in the June quarter? And then update us on the size of that group relative to revenues and talk about how we should be thinking about the momentum of that business in the second half of calendar '18?
Kris Sennesael: Sure. Yes. So Q3 actually China faired pretty well despite some of the choppiness in the market and the specter of trade dynamics. We were able to put up some sequential growth in the Q3. If we look at China for Skyworks, it’s about 25% to 30% of revenue. And of course China for us is mobile, the infrastructure, there’s IoT, there’s many parts. It’s been a great region for us deploy emerging markets, right. A number of our players in China, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi et cetera. They also deliver globally to some of the most emerging places. So we’re interest in that, we benefit from that. Should also note that we have a very diverse set of baseband partners that help us deliver in China. So we’ve got within Huawei, we’ve got there HiSilicon product, we’ve got partnerships with MediaTek, we attached to Intel, we attached to Qualcomm. So we’ve got all the bases covered and our position there was solid.
Mike Burton: And then on margins, last quarter, you talked about progress towards the 52% target in the second half with some cost initiatives to kick in. It looks like based on the guidance it's going to be dropping down 54%, 55% next quarter so some progress there. But can you just update us on your -- the latest thoughts about some of those costs initiatives and maybe a timeline for when we can get closer to that target? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Right. So from a gross margin point of view, I’m pleased with the progress that we continue to make. So in the June quarter, Q3, we were up 20 basis points sequentially as well as 20 basis points year-over-year. For Q4, we just guided 51 to 51.5, which is up 10 to 60 basis points sequentially, so at the midpoint, up 35 basis points. So we continue to make really good progress towards our target model of 53%.
Operator: Thank you. And now to line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: Chris, maybe I’ll start with you. Good progress, good follow-through on the capital allocation via the divi increase. But I was just a little puzzled and I was hoping you could answer these questions. Free cash flow came down a lot this quarter, and thanks largely to AR being up a lot as well as inventory. Could you help us understand what are the dynamics there? And also kind of related to that is CapEx was up a lot and you mentioned capacity as well as new investments. So does that mean that CapEx would be higher than what you had earlier guided to? And then I have a quick follow up for Liam please?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so first of all we have a very strong cash generation business model and that continues to be very strong. Obviously there are going to be some seasonal situations. And typically Q3 is somewhat of the softest cash generation quarter in part because inventory is going up both in dollars as well as days of inventory as we are in anticipation of a strong ramp in the September and December quarter. And also from a receivables' point of view, we saw an increase of the receivables both in absolute dollars as well as DSOs because of the seasonality. Typically in the April and May months you still have a seasonal decline and then its flicks over and starting in June you see the start of the seasonal increases. As a result of that, Q3 was from a billings point of view somewhat backend loaded. And as a result of that, you see slightly higher DSOs, slightly higher AR. And it has somewhat of a muted impact on the cash generation within the quarter. But if you look at it from a LPM point of view, we continue to generate very strong cash, cash from operations as well as free cash flow. Having said that, CapEx in the quarter Q3 was $191 million. So it was definitely a heavy CapEx quarter. Again all or most of the CapEx there is related to capacity expansion in preparation of the steep ramp that we have in front of us here in the September and December quarter. As well as some technology related investment as we continue to be a technology leader and expand our capabilities there as well.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. And clearly no lack of confidence because you have daily up a lot I just wanted to make sure, I understood the dynamics. So Liam, just on the third calendar quarter, when you look at the mobile and the trends that you're seeing there, and I don't even know if there anything that such thing is seasonal anymore. But how would you characterize the environment where this is somewhat seasonal more or less, worsen that or better than that? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yeah. So you're saying the third calendar quarter, so the third calendar quarter we started to see this time a year preparation for some pretty sizable ramps with premier customers. And that work is ongoing. We are very comfortable on our ability to move content up and actually expand a reach of our content, that's even more important. We're bringing more technologies, higher grade functionality to really less connectivity, improved data rate and reduced late fee manage some of the more intricate designs on our DRX platforms bringing in -- MIMO architecture. Just really bringing out those rich solutions to our customers. So we're in the very, very early innings of those ramps. Again calendar Q3 and then moving into the calendar Q4 where the number should come up again. That's how it's playing out right now. We have very good visibility on this as well.
Operator: Alright. Thank you. And now to line of Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Can you discuss in terms of how you're thinking about guidance just with the ZTE ban recently lifted. How that's incorporate or not into the September quarter?
Liam Griffin: Yeah. So our business with ZTE was approximately $25 million to $30 million per quarter. Obviously that was not there in Q3 and the June quarter. In the meantime, the ban has been lifted, which is good news. However, it will take time for ZTE to rebuild their supply chain that could take multiple months, if not multiple quarters. So we do expect a little bit of revenue related to ZTE in Q4, but it’s just a couple of million dollars.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just as a follow-up on capital allocation and just to step up noticeable uptick in buyback increasing the dividend. Liam can you talk about that move in the context of how you’re also viewing M&A opportunities?
Liam Griffin: Sure, sure. Absolutely, correct. Yes, I mean, fortunately, the cash machine and the Skyworks engine is continuing to do well. The market backdrop is I believe very favorable for us. And we understand mobile, there’s a lot of great stuff happening there. We're advancing the technology, expanding the reaches as I mentioned, and making some really strategic investments. We also have 5G upon us, which is going to be an incredible opportunity for Skyworks and our ability to do the complex things well. In parallel, we talked about broad markets and double-digits. So there's a lot of really needy opportunities on the table today with the card business. Having said all that, we’re fortunate to have the cash generation, the balance sheet, the powder to do acquisitions when they make sense. So we'll to look at that and we have been looking at it, but we will continue to have a very high bar and a great deal of vigilance on transactions if we go forward. So that’s the best way I think frame it for you today, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. And now to line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Let me question, Liam, I wanted to ask you there is -- you mentioned that number of OEMs in China is going to create as you look as basic in this business in China the competitiveness if we saw that this ball based solution is that becomes a bigger part of mix for the next couple of years?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Blayne. I think if you look at China. As I mentioned, we’ve been working that region for years and have great partnerships and relationships and some incredible success stories within the leading players. As I mentioned earlier, again based in partnerships agnostic, we’re able to play all the angles. So as we start to move into extending in the 5G where China is going to be a big, big player. They’re all going to be some new opportunities that are going to require unique filtering, expanding carrier aggregation, much greater focus on downlink data speed, data rates and speech as we do well with our DRx. And the other thing is that your ability to solve those problems can be different depending on the supplier, depending on the customer’s needs. And what we bring to the table is really that high degree of configurability where we can go in and lever TC saw, we can lever our DRx, we can love our homegrown gallium arsenide in our packaging to create really unique solution. So each customer gets exactly what they and only what they want. As you know, in China, you have more of kind of a proliferation of models rather than one or two flagships that that’s for global markets. So the ability to work with each customer and get it right based on their needs is really important. And that’s what we intend to do. And I think it gives us a chance to really exceed our number shares we get into 2019 and beyond.
Blayne Curtis: And then just maybe a last one. [Indiscernible] answer them already. Just curious on the marketing ramp as we kind of compare this year, the timing of those ramps versus the last couple of years. Obviously, last year was a little bit different than you did in the prior years before that. I'm just kind of curious, as you look at that kind of guys, how that kind of competitive with our mark even?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so you're referring to the large customer ramp, is that right Blayne? Yes, I think I assume that what it was. Yes, so the -- what we're seeing right now for ramps -- going through the second half of the calendar year following a predictable cycle, obviously there will be some production that we need to put forth now which we are doing to support our larger customers for those ramps. And what we see today just on the outlook and the projection things to be tracking similar more cycle and we'll be prepared to deliver to that?
Operator: Alright. Thank you. And now to line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah, hey guys. First of all congratulations volatile markets solid results by you guys. At your largest customer, Liam, I was curious if this new generation of phones has a content increase that's built in. And I'm curious if you could talk about maybe generally speaking, if you saw content increase and if you did what kind of category would you put that double digits, single digits just broad color? And then I have a follow up.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I think into too much detail Harsh but obviously it's our mission every cycle to bring a greater level of technology and performance and value to our customers. And I'm confident that that's happening again here now with the burden on mobile technology and the requirements continuing to stretch and become more daunting. It's great for Skyworks. We talked about that. We have such a wide set of technologies from Bluetooth to Wi-Fi to LTE, GPS, DRX all throughout mobile. The ability to create diversification across platforms is a big reason while we're able to raise content every year. And some of the new technology notes that are upon us now 5G et cetera, they're not in the numbers today, but we're working on it now where we got the blueprints. And in the prototypes and our labs and we'll forward there and be positioned for the '19, '20 and beyond ramps in 5G.
Harsh Kumar: Understood. And then for my follow up. I think you said in the last call that you expected 3Q fiscal, sorry, 3Q calendar, which was the September quarter to be up and then you expect the 4Q calendar which is the March, I'm sorry, the December quarter apologize to be up again. Is that still kind accurately, I mean, you're up again. Is that the way it checks out this year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, absolutely. That's right. 
Harsh Kumar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now to line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe first one for Kris on CapEx. I don't recall Kris, whether you gave the number for Q4. And then as part of that is 10% still a good assumption to use for CapEx for the next 1 or 2 years?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, absolutely. So if you look even on LTM basis, we are approximately 10% CapEx to revenue. But there is some seasonality right some quarters are higher, a lot of quarters are lower. But if you look at it on a full year basis this year and even the next couple of years on or above 10% CapEx to revenue is a good number.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then Liam, as we look at the back half, as I look at your September quarter outlook and maybe assuming December is kind of seasonal. Do you expect mobile sales to be up year-on-year, because if content is up. Is it just that, we’re still working through some of the unit fluctuations? At what point should we start to see your mobile sales start to grow year-on-year?
Kris Sennesael : Yes. Year ago that’s definitely in the cards for us. We’re not guiding December on this call, right, which is not able to go on another quarter with you. But we are gaining content, we are seeing our reach of technology expand as I mentioned. And we do expect a solid sequential into December. We haven’t finalized exactly what that number is. But we absolutely expect that to be in place. It will be up year-over-year as well if we follow through with the solid sequential. So that’s the best we can do today. But we feel good about making that happen.
Operator: And now to line of Krysten Sciacca from Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Krysten Sciacca: First question I have is a little broader. We’ve seen major North American customers starting to reevaluate their bond and trying to minimize it as much as possible. And just given the history that we’ve seen with other Chinese OEMs almost kind of mimicking what this North American customer does. Do you expect to see this trend flow through at Chinese OEMs or do you think that content is still increasing there?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so what we are seeing in the Chinese OEMs is today at face value, the content vis-a-vis some of the larger players, the larger global players. The China opportunities are just lower and dollar value, they’ve been increasing. But you may have an LTE product that has $4 to $5 of content that potentially can move to 6 to 7 and we pursue that. If you look at the more significant players that lead the market, the content opportunity is much higher. So if anything, if we could get some of the mid-tier China brands to mimic more of 1 in 2 players in the industry that would be good for us. So it’s a little bit of a back and forth there. So and again in China, they don’t often sell a fully global roaming product. So if it’s roaming just on China Mobile, China Unicom, for example, it doesn’t necessarily need the same frequency bands at a global model would need. So there's differences regionally but we honestly see the need in every case for performance and products are selected and customers decisions are really based on how well the product will perform in their application, not so much on how much does it cost.
Krysten Sciacca: And then for my follow up, speaking on the topic of China, I know the tariffs recently have kind of affected everyone a little bit differently. How do you expect that to affect your business operations if at all? Or do you fear any retaliation from China will affect your business outlook?
Kris Sennesael: No. So we have seen very little impact to or no impact from the trade war on our business with the exception, of course, of the export bandwidth CTE where we lost revenue in Q3, and Q4. The band has been lifted, but it will take some time to recuperate that revenue. If you look at the trade war in the tariff side, we are an exporter of components from the U.S., from Singapore, from Mexico into China and many other countries. There are no new import duties or tariffs on those components. And so that doesn’t impact us at all. It’s definitely something that we will keep evaluating and sees it on any new developments, but for now, we don’t see any impact on our business.
Operator: Thank you. And now to line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much. Kris, it looks like in December -- it looks like your 2018 guidance you're going to grow maybe $15 million sequentially in the third calendar quarter. And if that includes only a few million dollars of ZTE, if I put that back, then it would suggest that the broad markets business is growing in excess of 20% year-over-year. Are there some one-timers in September or is that really the right sort of year-over-year growth rate going forward. Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: We can probably take this offline on the math. What I see here is that broad market in Q3 and in Q4 fiscal calendars is growing at that low to mid-teens year-over-year.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment? Are you seeing Qualcomm be sort of anymore of a player? They now seem to have all the pieces with the TDK JV and Winsemi and stuff. Do you see them there any of your major accounts? Thank you. 
Kris Sennesael: Yes, the Qualcomm mob situation look we respect Qualcomm they're a great technology player than in mobile for a great deal time. But if we look at the landscape today on programs that we've been pursuing and programs that we're already in, we haven't seen a significant effect. And let me also remind you that there is a number of platforms where our assets and our other chipsets will line up right next to the Qualcomm baseband. So we do have an ability to be a part of their system with our product. But their fully integrated solutions, we haven't seen too much of that. And none of that really is impacted our revenue growth.
Operator: Thank you. And now to line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra: I know you can only comment as much about ramping in North America for the second half. Are you seeing in general a departure of the typical band frequency range that used to be in previous year up to now in small cells with the new design wins that you have for the second half. And also incrementally around potential shift in market share that you see in driving this guidance which is the strongest sequential revenue growth for the past 4 years for the quarter?
Kris Sennesael: Sure. Yes, we continue to see very rich content opportunities put forth with the leading players in the industry, and that's the team that's continued for successful generations. Bands can be added as customers want to get more reach with their customer base so that happens. But the important thing is the more bands you get with technology, the more bands that you bring into with tuning application bringing in downlink opportunities on DRX and uplink opportunities on Sky1, now thinking about getting into 2019 and 2020 where we have unique 5G opportunities that are not yet resolved. It's going to put tremendous amount of pressure on systems performance and a great opportunity for those that can deliver. So that's where we're looking at. And with respect to this the last quarter here that we just spoke about the guidance to Q4. We're very well prepared for. We certainly have good visibility on the designs that will require to make these numbers happen. And it's about execution right now and that's what we've been doing for years. So we're looking forward to executing to the ramp and also following up over the next several years as we bring 5G to the market.
Tristan Gerra: And then as a quick follow-up outside of North America, do you see any pocket of inventories in the smartphone supply chain? Or would you say that we’re at normal level relative to this time of the year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, we are absolutely normal levels for this time of the year.
Operator: And now to the line of Atif Malik from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on consistent execution and the dividend hike. First question for Liam on 5G. You guys have a very strong portfolio with Sky5. Can you just talk about when should we expect significant revenue ramp in your 5G products? I think in the past, you guys have talked about double-digit growth in fiscal second half '19. So is there any update on when should we expect the significant ramp in 5G sales?
Kris Sennesael: Sure, sure, great question. Well, I mean, the work is underway right now and I’m really proud of our team’s ability to get in front of this and become one of the first movers in 5G and we’re thrilled to be in that position. So what we’re seeing today is a lot of design activity on both the infrastructure side and also on really kind of a heartbeat of the connectivity within smartphones. We think, again, you can get different answers, but we see revenue really being posted probably by 2020, maybe late '19. But 2020 is where I think kind of we translate around real revenue. Now, of course, to get there, there’s a lot of development work required in our teams are working with our customers and baseband providers and very close to the infrastructure side and make sure that all of this great technology comes together efficiently. Also notice Kris mentioned, we’re making strategic capital investments that are unique to executing in a 5G world very complex, very, very complex products that we want to make ourselves. So that’s what we’re looking at. And again, we’ve had some trials and some testing with some of our 5G Solutions already. Things look good. We’re going to continue to refine and again, continue to be in position to deliver in that scale when these products come to market.
Atif Malik: Great. And then a follow up, can you provide an update on your in-house bar program and if you’re moving to some manufacturing?
Kris Sennesael: Sure, sure. I actually, I don’t want to share the playbook on that technology right now. I think you know what's pretty well, we have some very crafty designs that will allow us to address all the necessary frequency bands and both LTE and 5G. And the work right now is progressing very, very well. And, we’ll give you more on that soon.
Operator: And now to line of Bill Peterson from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Peterson: I want to ask a question on mobile differently than others. So if you look at the mobile business in the September quarter, it looks like it’s basically flat or slightly down from year-over-year perspective. If you can break out the content gains versus maybe the unit demand weakness amongst the large North American, Korean players in China, where are you see say the content gains versus maybe the unit demand weakness and so forth that brings it to relatively flat to slightly down? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so we try to unravel that the best we can. I mean, certainly, we’re not seeing China is okay, but we’re not seeing it as robust as we would have expected. Okay, this is all in the billion dollar number here. We thought that would be a little bit better. It is in some of that is ZTE, which is real, right. We talked about that $25 million to $30 million a quarter that’s out. Samsung hasn't been a strong as other large accounts if they're okay, but we haven't seen the uptick there that we thought we could enjoy. Some of that is really a choice that we've made in certain cases to not chase commodity business, and I think that serves us well. And the larger customers in mobile are continuing to advance the technology. And I think all of that kind of plays together. And there was a bit of a unit issue to that jumps around. And as you all know that with any customers' product ramp; it doesn't move 100% to one device. There is a roll in phase in phase out. So you always have a combination of new product prior year model maybe a year back model, so and that's the case of all of our customers. So things don't react in such a binary way. But the content acquisition is what we drive and I'm pleased with the team's ability to make that happen.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks for that color. Switching over to broad markets. I think in the structure it's generally been kind of weaker portion of your business. I know a lot of other people in the markets business. But now you're talking about these MIMO opportunities and you're speaking more about infrastructure been a growth opportunity. I'd like to understand what reasons are seem strength. And maybe if you can help us size these MIMO opportunities that we do talked about a $65 plus content opportunity. If you can help us size these opportunities in the infrastructure market. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, a lot of that is in this high performance and tenant arrays and base stations. So these are new functions that required to make 5G work. So you do have kind of a slow roll on infrastructure now with this catalyst to move to 5G and upgrade cycles that will drive 5G. We're also seeing a pretty nice step up in small cell infrastructure, small cell base stations that can happen. And if you look really long into 5G we could get into the millimeter wave technology, which we haven't house and start to see kind of neighborhood level deployments that will incorporate small cell like functionality that use millimeter wave technology. That's out there a bit but all of that is kind of in our strike zone.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all. I appreciate your time this afternoon. Look forward to seeing you at conferences going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray & Co. Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Krysten M. Sciacca - Instinet LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc. Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions' Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws please go ahead.
Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Kieran. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2018 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. In addition, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome everyone. The Skyworks team produced solid results in Q2 once again demonstrating above-market year-over-year growth in revenue and earnings per share. Let me begin with a few highlights. We produced record Q2 revenue of $913 million, up 7% year-over-year. We expanded gross margin to 50.7%, up 30 basis points over last year. We delivered 13% EPS growth year-over-year to $1.64, $0.04 ahead of consensus, another Q2 record. And finally, we generated $434 million in cash flow from operations and achieved a 38% free cash flow margin. From a financial perspective, continued strength in our fundamentals and improvements in profitability directly translated to cash flow growth. At the same time, our solutions are enabling an expanding and diversified set of end markets. For example, during the quarter, we partnered with the world's largest automotive manufacturer to leverage connectivity across their global fleet; deployed integrated solutions for Honeywell's LTE handheld enterprise hubs; ramped Wi-Fi and ZigBee modules for Nest's connected video systems; secured new design wins at Belkin for mesh networks; supported Garmin's latest Forerunner advanced fitness smartwatches; delivered SkyOne and SkyBlue platforms for upcoming Lenovo and Asus high-performance notebooks; and we launched 802.11ac solutions for the newest DIRECTV streaming gateway. We also captured strategic design wins across a number of flagship platforms, inclusive of SkyOne, DRx, GPS, Wi-Fi, power management, and antenna tuning solutions In parallel, in our infrastructure markets, we powered Massive MIMO for India's largest carrier, and finally, we collaborated with a premier European base station supplier for small cell deployments supporting AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Vodafone. At a higher level, the overarching connected economy is rapidly expanding with global data traffic expected to grow 40% compounded over the next five years. High-performance data centers are enabling client-to-cloud big data analytics, supporting artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, industrial IoT, machine learning, and virtual reality by facilitating a multi-trillion dollar ecosystem. The sea change towards mobility harnessing cloud access and storage is creating commensurate demand for increasingly more powerful connectivity engines. Our mission at Skyworks is to enable this data-driven world, powering billions of new intelligent devices through instantaneous, reliable, and secure wireless connectivity. Moving forward, 5G will usher in an age of truly ubiquitous connectivity and intelligent automation, enabling richer, smarter, and more convenient ways to live, work, play, and educate. Skyworks is leveraging our deep systems knowledge, strategic partnerships, and formidable investments to accelerate the deployment of 5G, uniquely meeting the requirements for low, mid, high, and ultra-high frequency bands with our differentiated Sky5 platform. In short, Skyworks is well-positioned to capitalize on the revolutionary applications ahead while facilitating the more expansive connected economy of tomorrow. I will now turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our financial outlook.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2018 was $913 million, up 7% compared to Q2 of last year, exceeding our guidance and consensus estimates. Gross profit was $463 million, or 50.7% of revenue, up 30 basis points over the prior year. Operating expenses were $132 million. As a result, we generated $331 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 36.3%. Our tax rate was 9.5% in the quarter. Net income was $302 million, translating into $1.64 of diluted earnings per share, up 13% year-over-year and exceeding our guidance by $0.04. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Second fiscal quarter, cash flow from operations was $434 million and capital expenditures were $90 million, driving a strong free cash flow margin of 38%. Dividends paid were $58 million and we repurchased over 1 million shares of our common stock for a total of $112 million. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.9 billion and no debt. Now moving on to our outlook. Strong growth in our growth market portfolio is mitigating the near-term softness at leading smartphone customers and the trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government on a Chinese OEM. Specifically for the third fiscal quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $875 million to $900 million. We expect further gross margin expansion to between 50.7% and 51% with operating expenses remaining flat sequentially. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $3 million in other income and a tax rate of 9.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 183.5 million shares. Accordingly at the midpoint of approximately $888 million in revenue, we plan to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.59. Finally, based on new program ramps heading into the second half of the calendar year, we anticipate a resumption of sequential revenue growth in the September quarter with sustained momentum into the December period. With that, let me turn the call back to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kris. As our results demonstrate, Skyworks is on track to deliver another year of record performance underpinned by content-rich design wins, spanning a number of strategic end markets, world-class operational execution and scale, the launch of our Sky5 platform as 5G becomes a reality, and decades of experience in developing innovative solutions over successive technology generations. Finally and most importantly, we are committed to delivering premium levels of profitability and cash generation, consistently creating value for our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from the Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Liam, I just wanted to delve a little bit into the top line. This is a notoriously bad visibility industry to be in. But what gives you the confidence, not just for the September quarter, but you said sustained momentum outside of normal seasonality? Could you please talk about the content growth that you would be seeing on a year-over-year basis as we go into new platforms? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, sure. Yeah, well, as you know, our products are designed into some of the most compelling companies on the planet, whether it's smartphones, whether it's IoT applications or infrastructure, other broad markets. And the design cycles are long, and we have very good visibility into the content that we ultimately enjoy. And the challenge is obviously units, right? You can't always tell what the unit numbers are going to be. But when we look at our data today, looking at the content position that we have in leading applications, the continued push for performance that we see in mobility, and the appetite for the consumer to want that data faster and faster as we just discussed in the prepared remarks, we're very confident in our position in terms of gaining content, gaining share, extending reach, and also with great visibility as we look out into the next couple of quarters. So that's sums up where we formulate our guidance and our outlook.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Could you just quantify how much content you will be gaining?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, it's not one number. It's a customer-by-customer opportunity. Certainly, the customers that are pushing the performance barriers and really raising the connectivity speeds and data rates and performance, those accounts provide more opportunity for us on a dollar basis. But there's also some operates from 3G to 4G, and some players in emerging markets that are just starting to move the needle. So it's a culmination of all of that that provides us with a view to see upside here in the second half.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead, sir.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, thanks for the question. Liam, maybe you can just talk about – obviously this is a tough seasonal period for handsets. And maybe you can just talk about the China market, what you're seeing in terms of recovery, and then maybe as you look into June, if you could maybe just think about – obviously the marquee smartphone is weak, everybody knows that, maybe just what impacted the guidance? And then highlight China recovery in the second half.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So China is obviously an important market, they're a market that consumes technology, they export technology, they're also a conduit for us to address emerging markets from an end user perspective. And it's been a market that we've enjoyed and we continue to enjoy. There's a lot of content opportunities across the diversified players within China. We do well there. We're starting to see kind of that translation from low end to mid-tier within China and then the mid-tier players getting a little stronger. There have been some cases where you have some pockets of kind of sideways action in China that can happen as we kind of pause into 4G and get ready for 5G. But our content position there continues to move up. Certainly as we noted, we do have an issue with one player in China, ZTE, where we've got about a $25 million to $30 million hit on revenue. That is now completely contemplated in the guidance, so that's an issue. But as we move into the second half, as we noted, the tier 1 players where the opportunity is greatest, the performance is most difficult and the opportunity to drive connectivity speed and data rates continues to go up. That's where we see the real opportunity here in the second half.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I just wanted to ask you on the broad market side, it's been a consistent double-digit grower. Just opportunity with 802.11ax is in terms of content, and then just timing as it seems like that is pushed a little bit to the right, but just as you look into next year, when do you think 802.11ax will start hitting?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, we're starting to see 802.11ax show up in roadmaps now for products that would come probably late next year. We can deliver that through smartphones, we can deliver that technology through access points, routers, streaming applications. And I should also include that broad markets in general is going to be a meaningful catalyst for us in the second half in addition to the comments on smartphones. And Wi-Fi in general continues to be a real strong piece of our business through IoT. So we'll see that coming together. But 802.11ax will definitely be there. You're right it's been pushed out of it, hasn't been an impediment to our growth, but it will be an accelerator as we get into late 2018 and into 2019.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Just had a question on gross margin, just a sequential, I mean, you should probably see some benefits from mix perspective in terms of mobile weaker and broad market stronger. So anything else within the gross margin mix that you call out into the June quarter?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So revenue is down slightly on a sequential basis. So we don't get a little benefit from size and scale. But there's definitely some moving parts from a mix point of view that is helping us, and that's why we guided the gross margin on to be up potentially between flat to up 30 basis points sequentially. Again looking forward to the second half of 2018, we believe that we can continue to make some good progress, further gross margin improvements towards our target model of 53%.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just a follow-up to Liam, the discussion around kind of weakness at smartphone customers, where do you think you are at this point from a production perspective and inventory? And how much is being worked through versus how much you think has to continue to come out of the system in the smartphone side?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, I mean, certainly we felt the unit number for the Q3 period was a little bit light and one of the reasons why our guidance is roughly flat if we add back the ZTE. But as we go into the second half, we see turnover of portfolios with our leading customers. We see new products ramping. We know what our position is within those products. We're very comfortable with that. We see the technology being pushed yet again, which allowed us to continue to grow our content and position. So we do feel very good about that. And second half data points really do have some independence from what we're seeing in the first half with different products.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Liam, I wasn't sure if you quantified how much of a headwind ZTE was. And then importantly, my first question is, is there a way to help us at least get a sense for how much year-on-year growth rates can you get towards in the September and December quarter? I understand that the unit trends might be a little bit volatile. So just because I think there is so much focus on that part of the year, if you could just give us, even if it's a range of where do you think year-on-year growth rates would shake out in September and December, that would be very helpful.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, with respect to ZTE, they're about $25 million to $30 million of revenue. The lion's share of that is mobile, but there's also some infrastructure pieces. So that one is pretty well quantified. And when we look out to the second half, we're definitely – again I can't provide complete guidance here, but we're clearly anticipating meaningful sequential growth into Q4 September and then meaningful growth again into December, following a traditional seasonal pattern for mobile and smartphones. There's an ability for us to have a higher inflection on that given content gains we expect, but you should anticipate solid growth two quarters in a row there from Q3 close.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And as a follow-up, in some of the places where I think you are expected to perhaps expand your share or gain more content and know that fact for example, right, and maybe add more diversity to receive, for example, how is the competitive situation beyond just the traditional competitors? Do you sense any more competition from Japanese players, for example? If you could just give us a sense for how is the competitive landscape in the places where you are gaining more content. Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, the competitive landscape is being vetted out based on performance and technology. That's what it is today. This isn't just about capacity. It's just not about having good enough product. It's about having the best product. And in the markets that really matter that really drive change and push the envelope, we're winning. And I would say that our Tc-SAW capabilities are not only world class in terms of output but in terms of performance. The quality of that technology right now has been advanced by Skyworks and allows us to push the frequency envelope wider and wider and broader and broader. Our DRx diversity technologies provide a tremendous benefit to the customer and the end user, very unique stuff that's crafted and tuned and tested here at Skyworks and developed completely in-house. Those are the kind of things that really move the dial. So there's a competitive environment, of course, and this is a great market. And competitors see some of the things that we see. But the real strength of Skyworks is moving up, advancing that technology, adding functionality, extending our reach, and creating the most compelling end products for our customers. And we commented today on the prepared remarks, when you look at markets like data center and cloud, which are really important today, invariably they are tethered to a handheld device that needs very high-speed instantaneous data in order to make that cloud ecosystem really, really pay off. So that client-to-cloud connectivity is a big deal, and in the client side where we play, we have to be better and better every year and support our customers, and that's what we're doing.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. What is the extent to which, as we move above 3 gigahertz frequencies, the extent to which this is an opportunity for Skyworks medium term, either in terms of technologies or higher content opportunities, if you could elaborate on this.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Well, when we start to move above 3 gigahertz, we're entering the domain of what we call 5G. So we've talked a lot about that in the past, and Skyworks has a really strong, compelling platform, our Sky5 platform, which really is a culmination of multiple solutions from transmit to receive chain, solutions addressing that new spectrum that one would see from 3 gigahertz up to 5 gigahertz and even beyond. So we're working on that right now. We have the key elements, the IP, the engineering technology to it put together, we have the devices now that are in process and in the development stage clearly targeted with customer opportunities in mind. So we'll start to see that evolve. And I think it's an important point in the industry because as 4G has proliferated quite well from 3G and we are probably in mid to late innings on 4G, 5G is going to step up and bring a whole new wave of technology opportunities to Skyworks. And they're going to be more challenging, but we're making those investments today across the board and the elements that we provide and then the ability to integrate and configure for our customers. So that's something that we look forward to here over the next several years.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then as a quick follow-up and following up on a prior question about inventories, should we make the assumption that excess inventory and specifically of component inventory in the smartphone supply chain should be basically back to normal by mid this year, or do you expect lingering impact into the September quarter?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: No, I think when we look today at the inventory including the inventory on our books, the inventory in the distribution channel as well as the inventory further up in the supply chain, it's currently at a healthy level. There's always some minor fluctuations there, but I would describe it as a healthy level currently.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah, hey, Liam, I had one for you at a broad level. Do you think that we are still, as a handset component supplier, we're still in a 10% to 12% growth environment? And if so could you tell me may be what 5G can do to help that number out as it comes along next year?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, I think if you look at the culmination of smartphones today that are really right for the uprate cycle today, that we're on the cusp here of a big turn in wireless connectivity, and that's 5G, and an even broad market. So when you look at broad market what we're doing there, which is somewhat uncorrelated to smartphones, it runs with a whole different customer set, and we've been doing great there. And then you look at our position in 4G moving to 5G, we're very comfortable. And so the opportunities to be in the double digits top line are absolutely there. When you look at 5G, a couple of basics here that we want to make sure we understand. 5G is additive to current 4G and 3G phones. So when you have a device today that you're carrying around today, it doesn't have any 5G technology. It has a lot of great technology a lot of content opportunity, but it's not 5G. So 5G is incremental adds to what you see today. It's new frequencies, the last question that we had from the last call talked about what do you see 3 gig and above? We see new technology, new waveforms, new opportunities to filter to transmit to receive, very complex, and you have to do that in a device that carries 4G and 3G as well. Current budgets are challenged, efficiency is challenged, integration capabilities, all that has to come together, and that's really good for us, that's in our sweet spot. So we look forward to that and it's going to be faced in over time as we saw 4G. There's an infrastructure side, there's obviously the handheld side. And then the other thing that 5G will do is create network capacity expansion that will allow more and more independent IoT devices to join the network. So there's a lot there, we're excited about it, it's going to require some incredible technology investments and scale, and some of the smartest people in our company to work on this. So we're looking forward to it, it will be incremental, and it will be one of the key catalysts to getting to that double-digit growth.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, Liam. Thank you. For my follow-up, on the last call, I think you guys specifically talked about tremendous amount of content increase perhaps in the back half with your largest customer. I'm curious what you're seeing there. And then also you mentioned something very interesting, Massive MIMO on the infrastructure side. You gave an example in India. I'm very curious what you're doing on the infrastructure side that involves Massive MIMO.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, so with respect to the infrastructure side, we have these incredible antenna arrays that we've develop and sell to our networking folks and they're quite powerful and very unique. And so we're leveraging different technology that when you see a smartphone there's a lot of low-noise amplifier technology and some switching technology and some filtering technology, but done at a higher grade and a higher level for infrastructure. And to make all those really interesting things happen in 5G, you do need that network upgrade. So we're working on that in parallel with the great stuff that we're doing inside the handset and inside the IoT devices. And I think the infrastructure market has been somewhat stagnant for a while, the 5G step-up is a way to really light the fire again in that space, and we'll be there.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Thank you. Just for first question is just a housekeeping. Could you give us the split between broad market and mobile in the March quarter? And just to confirm, assume by your other comments, you're expecting broad market to increase as a percentage of revenue as you go into June, correct?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, that's correct. So in the March quarter, broad market was approximately 27% of total revenue, so we're around that $1 billion annualized run rate. And there's a lot of design win momentum as we explained during the prepared remarks. And there will be further strong growth in the second half in broad market. As a result of that the percentage of broad market of total revenue will continue to increase.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. For a follow-up question, I wanted to ask about the impact of the move to 4x4 MIMO. Could you detail what that means with regard to content both on the low-band pad, as well as diversity received? Perhaps quantify the increase or give us some sense of how that affects content in both of those areas?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, so I think what you're seeing here now is just the push for performance. It's being delivered by more intense requirements and specifications on mid-band, high-band, low-band. Diversity received is another really important section. And then MIMO, which is going to give you some incremental data streams within a mobile device. So, that technology, the MIMO technology is now starting to flow through with some of the leading smartphone players. We have some other players that haven't yet even hit the diversity receive side that we're working with. And again, the DRx, we call DRx diversity receive is really about downlink performance, which has been – lately it really has been the bottleneck. It's downloading high-speed video, high-speed data, the burden has been quite strong there. So we're seeing incremental content, Chris, in these applications. So these are devices and engines that weren't needed three or four years ago, weren't required, and now they're coming forth. And certainly the leaders in the space are first to market on these technologies, but we do see the opportunity to pick up in the mid-tier as well and bring that technology forward.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line Krysten Sciacca from Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Krysten M. Sciacca - Instinet LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First one, I just want to dig into broad markets a little bit for this quarter. I think I had it modeled up a little stronger this quarter. So if you can maybe just talk a little bit on what were some of the push and pull factors in the quarter in broad market.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. The broad market business in Q2 I believe was about 10% sequential. And it will be a similar level coming into Q3. And it really is a diversified pool of applications and customers that we pursue, and we talked about some of them, infrastructure as part of broad markets. We have some early-stage automotive engagements that are moving along. We do a great deal of work in access points, routers, applications like Nest, Dropcams security systems. It's a very broad set of end markets and customers, and it's also a very broad set of wireless topology. So we go from Wi-Fi to Bluetooth to ZigBee to Thread, and back up the LTE if we need to. So it's a broad set of end markets and customers served by a pretty rich, deep portfolio of wireless topologies. And we work with our customers to make sure we put the right solution in the right application.
Krysten M. Sciacca - Instinet LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just kind of pivoting over to mobile, I think there's been some debate between whether BAW or SAW will be used in 5G, and I feel like there is – I've heard both scenarios. And I was just wondering if you can comment on what you're seeing developing so far for 5G.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Absolutely. Yeah. I think what you're going to see in 5G is depending on the frequency and the waveform the right filter or the right engine will be deployed. So what we do at Skyworks is that we have access into all the necessary filter elements and then we bring our gallium arsenite technology, our packaging, our test technology to make sure that the engine, the transmit or receive engine, SkyOne transmit and DRx on the receive side, are going to fit the requirements of our customer. When you get to 5G, you've got a lot of new technology. It's higher frequency. There's more challenges, there's more issues, and the solutions are not laid out yet. So everybody's going to go at it somewhat differently. You will need filtering, of course. The filtering could be bulk acoustic wave, or BAW. It could be Tc-SAW, temperature compensated SAW. But it will be high-end. It will be high performance. So I think there'll be some differentiation there of the companies that can provide not just the filter, but the complete solution to navigate the challenges within 5G. And it's going to be a great opportunity for us.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Craig Ellis of B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. Liam, I wanted to follow up on an earlier question regarding the return to double-digit growth, and I think a lot of that was couched in the context of what happens on the integrated mobile side. But what I wanted to ask is as you look at 5G and given the evolution of the portfolio towards a lot more IoT, how does the 5G transition for broad markets compare to what you saw in both 3G and 4G? What does that do to the company's overall growth rate?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. No, that's a great question because ultimately our job is to try to put the best products out there for our customers, and it really doesn't matter whether we call it broad or whether we call it mobile, right? So I think what's going to be interesting about 5G is you're going to start to see things like IoT really proliferate, and some of those IoT devices may carry a cellular engine, not necessarily a Wi-Fi engine, right. And we'll be able to address that. We'll have that flexibility. So I think there's going to be some great things. We're going to have the classic, hopefully the classic upgrade cycle that we see in 5G where again we bring in new technology that is additive to what we see in smartphones. But then in parallel, one of the really important points around 5G is enabling new markets, enabling markets like autonomous driving where you need incredible high data, incredibly fast data with literally no latency, right. Instantaneous latency. So those are markets that would be technically broad market for us but could have a very powerful growth factor and technology need that we can supply. So we'll see more and more of that industrial IoT, a lot of really creative interesting markets that need a 5G connection to really work. So we're going to see it in IoT. We're going to see it in autonomous vehicles. We're going to certainly see it in smartphones. And all of that together will hopefully support and really bring some tailwinds behind our double-digit growth rate.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Okay. And then for the follow-up, I'll ask one for Kris, and maybe part of it as a two-parter question we'll return back to you Liam. But, Kris, it looked like there was a tax benefit in the quarter. Are we now seeing a tax rate that's lower for fiscal 2018 and 2019 than what was guided last quarter at 11% and 10%, if I've got these numbers correct? And then, Liam, it looked like there was about $120 million or so of share repurchase in that quarter and you just raised the share buyback on the last call. Is the recent level of share repurchase activity the level we should expect, or off of such robust operating cash flow, would you expect that to tick up as we go through the rest of the year? Thanks, guys.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So let me first answer the tax question. So for this year we expect a tax rate on or about 9.5%. For next year, previously I've said 10%, and we are still looking at on or about 10% for fiscal 2019. And then on the repurchases and the cash return to shareholders, you're absolutely right, last quarter we've initiated a $1 billion share buyback program. Last quarter we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for $112 million. We've also indicated that it's our target to return 60% to 75% of the free cash flow back to the shareholder. We will continue to use our share buyback program, as well as our dividend program to drive the cash return to the shareholders toward that target. Definitely at the current stock price level of somewhat in the low $90s, it's a great buying opportunity and we definitely will continue to step up our share buyback program in this quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Bill Peterson of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for letting me ask a question, and nice job on the financial performance. I guess you did mention that ZTE is largely in mobile but obviously some in broad markets. So I guess the question is when you look at the potential impact for the full year in broad markets, do you still sort of stick with the mid-teens type growth level, or does it come off a bit? How do you think about that? What's driving the growth really in the second half, specifically between, let's say, Wi-Fi or more EDGE devices?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So in terms of broad market, we target somewhere between 10% to 15% year-over-year growth. So call it somewhat in the low teens potentially approaching 15%. Obviously we have a little bit of a headwind here with ZTE. I would say probably $5 million to $10 million per quarter of the ZTE business is in broad market, especially in infrastructure. So we're having a little bit of a headwind. And so without the ZTE headwind, we would be close to 15% year-over-year growth.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And I believe in the last call you mentioned that CapEx could be in the range of around 10% of revenues. I guess in light of some of the weaker demand profile in the first half, how should we think about CapEx for this year?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So if you look historically, CapEx has been flipped away in between low 6% and as high as 13%. This year there's definitely some seasonality to it as well within the year and quarter-over-quarter. But this year we're probably going to end up somewhat in the high end of that range, especially in support of two items. As we discussed, we have a major ramp with new platforms with leading customers coming up in the second half that are very content-rich products with a lot of filters complicated or complex integration in the back end. And so we are making the necessary capacity CapEx investments to support that growth in the second half of the year. In addition to that we continue to make technology-driven CapEx investments improving the technology, the filter technology, the reach of the technology there. And so a combination of that will result in a slightly higher CapEx this year. Longer term we will be on or about that 10%.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Kris, I just wanted to confirm that that calendar 2018, that the mobile business is going to grow double-digit for the full calendar year.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: We didn't say that. And again, we haven't provided any guidance for September. But given where we are now two, three quarters into it, it's not likely that we will see double digits in mobile.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Not likely. Okay. Okay. And then on Huawei, obviously they were a 10% customer last year. Are you seeing them sort of hedged in terms of their suppliers given that they're being looked at by the U.S. government as well? Are you seeing them move into business away from you to any other supplier to sort of hedge themselves?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: No, we have not seen that. And they continue to be a strategic customer of ours.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Thanks, Liam. Huawei, ignoring for a minute the potential for the U. S. government to say nothing happened, they were a 10% customer last year, which was the first time in a long time. But a lot of that was a concentration in the node. I think you've guided for when you guided about 10% or $10 in content per phone. Given the changes that have occurred in both those models this year and their unit volume issues, et cetera, do you expect them to be a 10% customer in this fiscal year?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yes. I mean, we still – the fiscal year is not over. Huawei is a very important customer. We have a great relationship there. We've populated the P20, the P20 Pro, we have infrastructure business. And they've been a great partner for quite some time. And the technology reach that we put forth there has been great for both of us. So we don't see – I can't quantify the full year right now but they're certainly an important customer, one that we spend a lot of time with, one that really values our technology. And we have, I think, a business relationship there that should prosper.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Yeah. And I know you guys have done a spectacular job of actually solving a lot of the problems from some of your largest customers that's why you gained so much content in all these ancillary areas, especially DRx. And now that Qorvo has bugged out of the low-band pad, you got the business to yourself. But given the push especially all by the big guys of dual sourcing, we've seen a number of replaces, why should we expect them to bring someone in or open that up to other players in the next 12 months or so, both DRx or may be low-band pad? Do you anticipate new competition? And maybe going back to sharing some of these swatches based on the fact that they wanted to diversify the supply chain like we've seen in the high-bands? Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yes. I think the number one requirement for customers is great technology and conveyance of value to them, and we bring it. So competition has always been there especially at the largest customers, but the competition is at the highest of the largest customers, everybody knows where the dollars are. And I'm really happy with our team's performance and executing and raising the bar with technology in great solutions and continuing to gain.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And our final question for today comes from Srini Pajjuri from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Clarification, Kris, on the gross margins, you said you'll see some mix benefit next quarter. But I guess as we head into the second half of the calendar, you probably have some mix headwind because of mobile coming back strongly. So can you talk about the puts and takes for the second half? And then how did you get from 50.7% to 53% which is your longer term model? Is that just a function of the volume or is it mix, or are there any other puts and takes that you can give us color on? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So there's definitely two sides to the equation when you talk about gross margin. One is on the revenue side and the value creation, and the other side is the cost and cost reductions. And on both sides we continue to make good progresses. Liam talked about the level of complexity, the higher data speeds, 5G, which is coming around, that is definitely helping us to deliver more value to our customers, and that's helping from a margin point of view. On the other side, of course, cost and cost reductions that is a key process and a key focus item of the management team. We continue to drive cost efficiencies, yield improvements, OE improvements. We continue with our filter in-sourcing process. And definitely in the second half of the year, as new ramps with leading customers is happening, we will have additional benefits there from size and scale. And so a combination of all of that will – I'm comfortable that we will steady progress towards that 53%.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And, Mr. Griffin, you have your final remarks?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Well, thank you, all, for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conference or other events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Analysts: Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co. LLC Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions' First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' First Fiscal Quarter 2018 Conference Call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team produced record results in Q1, demonstrating our traction within the increasingly vibrant and profitable mobile and IoT ecosystems. During the quarter, we exceeded $1 billion in revenue and delivered $2 in earnings per share, driven by strong global demand for our high performance connectivity solutions. Let me begin with a few Q1 highlights. We generated revenue of $1.05 billion, up 15% year-over-year. We expanded gross margins to 51.4% and operating margin to 39.4%. We achieved records earnings per share, up 24% year-over-year, and $0.09 ahead of consensus. And finally, we exceeded our free cash flow margin goal of 30%. In addition to our strong financial performance, we continue expanding our design-win pipeline. Our systems solutions are enabling everything, from industrial robotics to drones, autonomous vehicles, wireless infrastructure, home security, and virtual assistance. Last quarter, we broadened our reach across a number of leading mobile and IoT customers. In mobile, we secured strategic design wins, leveraging our fully-integrated solutions, including SkyOne, SkyBlue, as well as DRx, power management, and precision antenna tuning. Across broad markets, we enabled telematics in support of a leading automobile manufacturer; delivered LTE capabilities within Amazon's newest Kindle and Alexa-based platforms; deployed connectivity engines for Google's new Home Max wireless speakers; developed feature-rich ZigBee and Bluetooth modules for Nest's new connected home alarm systems; secured multi-user MIMO design wins at Linksys, tripling home data rates; supported Netgear's Orbi Wi-Fi system for outdoor mesh networks; we partnered with Comcast on their premium high-performance XB6 home gateway; and finally, in our infrastructure markets, we secured a number of massive MIMO wins with carriers across Europe and China. So to summarize, we delivered record financial results, captured strategic design wins across all key markets, and substantially strengthened our balance sheet. At a higher level, the ubiquitous connected economy is gaining significant momentum and enhancing the way we live, work and educate. The Skyworks' vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time is more relevant than ever. This vision is the catalyst behind our recently launched Sky5 platform. Our Sky5 solutions address new 5G spectrum, enhanced carrier aggregation, dual connectivity, and massive MIMO requirements, while delivering unmatched levels of integration and performance. The deployment of our Sky5 platform accelerates our mission to enable the data-driven world, while alleviating the digital traffic jam created in current 4G networks. 5G is critical to resolving this challenge, opening entirely new lanes of spectrum. 5G will represent a significant boost in speed, up to 100 times that of 4G networks. 5G will offer extremely low latency, a requirement for mission-critical applications such as the driverless car, machine-to-machine, and robotics. 5G will also be a major catalyst to the expansive rollout of IoT, greatly expanding network capacity and improving reliability. As a leader in unwiring the planet, Skyworks is well positioned with extensive technology depth and breadth, strategic partnerships with all leading smartphone and IoT customers, differentiated system solutions enabling unmatched levels of integration and performance, all of which is underpinned by the formidable investments we've made over the past two decades, expanding our product portfolio, IP, and scale. As a result, we have the profitability, cash flow, and balance sheet to extend our leadership position. Our strategic R&D and CapEx investments will be pivotal as the scale and technology requirements around 5G intensify. Finally, and most importantly, we are committed to delivering premium levels of profitability with above-market growth as we continue to create shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Kris for discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q2.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2018 was a record $1.052 billion, up 7% sequentially and up 15% compared to Q1 of last year, exceeding our guidance and consensus estimates. Gross profit was $541 million or 51.4% of revenue, up 40 basis points sequentially following 30 basis points of sequential improvement in both the September and June quarters of 2017. Our record gross margin of 51.4% in Q1 was up 20 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $127 million, or 12% of revenue. As a result, we generated $414 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 39.4%, up 90 basis points sequentially and 60 basis points year-over-year. This drove record net income of $372 million or $2 of earnings per share, up 24% year-over year, and exceeding our guidance by $0.09. Before turning to the balance sheet review, let me summarize the impact of the recently enacted U.S. tax reform. In general, the tax implications are positive for Skyworks. Due to the fact that we are on a fiscal calendar ending in September, the financial impact will be phased in over fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019. Based on currently available information and interpretations of the new tax law, we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be approximately 11% for fiscal 2018, down from prior estimates of 14.5%. In fiscal 2019, the non-GAAP effective rate could potentially drop further to about 10%. This will generate substantial tax savings, benefit our cash flow, and provide increased access to our international cash. In Q1 of fiscal 2018, we booked in our GAAP results a one-time charge of $258 million related to tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and a non-cash charge of $18 million related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. The repatriation tax will be paid over the next eight years, more weighted towards the last three years. Those charges were excluded from the non-GAAP results and are provisional amounts that may change as we refine our analysis. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. First, fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $361 million and capital expenditures were $28 million, resulting in a free cash flow margin of 31.6%. Dividends paid were $59 million, and we repurchased 1.7 million shares of our common stock for a total of $173 million. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.7 billion and no debt. As noted in a separate press release issued today, the Board of Directors has authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program. This new program reflects the board and management team's confidence in Skyworks' business model. When coupled with the added flexibility of the recently passed tax legislation, our strong free cash flow generation allows us to leverage stock repurchases, dividends and capital expenditures to drive higher shareholder returns and investment for future growth. As a result, we are increasing our targeted cash return rate to shareholders from the 40% to 50% range historically to a level of 60% to 75% of free cash flow going forward. Now, let's review our outlook for fiscal Q2. We anticipate revenue to be up 6% to 8% year-over-year, with gross margin at 50.5% to 51%, and operating expenses of $131 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $2 million in other income, and a tax rate of 11%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 185 million shares. Accordingly at the midpoint of approximately $910 million in revenue, we plan to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.60, a 10% increase year-over-year. Based on our expanding reach within flagship platforms, and with design win momentum across broad markets, we expect accelerated top-line growth and further margin improvements throughout the balance of the fiscal and calendar year. With that, let me turn the call back to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks enters 2018 with strong momentum. Our outperformance is being driven by a vibrant, dynamic mobile ecosystem, one that rewards companies who can resolve architectural complexity with simplified integrated solutions. The value inherent in a connected economy is apparent in our results. Over the past 5 years, our revenues have more than doubled, EPS has more than tripled, and our operating cash flow was up 5 times. Our strong cash generation is allowing us the flexibility to continue to invest to win, while substantially increasing our targeted cash return to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: First question will come from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you guys for taking my questions. I guess, Kris you mentioned that obviously you're guiding for 6% to 8% for calendar Q1, and you said you expect an acceleration going forward. Just curious as to what's driving that acceleration in top line growth for the next few quarters.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, this is Liam. Yeah, I mean, if you look at the business today, we posted $1.050 billion in Q1 with a solid design win signature. That design win signature carries into Q2, albeit some of the units here with some significant flagship accounts were lower. As you start to move into the second half, there's a new set of products and a new set of design wins that we've consummated that will accelerate our business in the second half. So it's really some unique technologies that we brought forth to some leading customers and there's some broad market activity. But the second half is actually quite visible to us right now based on known design wins and then the continued run rate on some of our broad markets business.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Great. Just to follow up on that, Liam. Do you still believe that this RF business is a 10% to 15% growth business in, I guess, calendar 2018? And also as you look out to 2019 and 2020, when do you think 5G will start to contribute materially?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. We do think that it's a 10% to 15% opportunity and we're pursuing that with vigor and success quite frankly. And if you look out into 5G, we'll start to see early indications of 5G in the 2019 platforms, and more so in 2020. And as we've articulated in the past what you're going to see which is great for the industry is the 5G platform. Our Sky5 will be an addendum to the 4G engine. So you're going to see new technologies, new frequency bands, new devices addressing the 5G spectrum in addition to having backward compatibility to 4G and even some 3G.
Operator: Before we go to the next question, given time constraints, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. We'll go to the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe Liam, if you could walk us through March, obviously lots of guys in handsets have seen some weakness into the March quarter. Maybe you could just walk through the moving pieces for you in March. And then there was some concerns that maybe there's some customer inventory. I'm just kind of curious your visibility into the customer channel, and whether you had any thoughts on June whether this could be the bottom.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, I mean, as I just mentioned, the design win signature, specifically with the premium flagship models, had been cemented in the December quarter, and imputed in our $1.050 billion. And so what you've got in the March quarter are fewer units for the flagship, which weighed on us. And to some degree we were able to offset that naturally though growth in broad markets which is up year-over-year in March. And also China hasn't been great, but it actually be modestly up for us again in March. So our March quarter, a little bit of recovery in China, broad market steady, taking some weakness from flagship customers, and all that nets out into our guidance.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. And then maybe just one more question on just the guidance for March between broad markets and the mobile business. So I'm just curious, broad markets has been growing quite nicely high teens. Trying to still figure out the seasonality there. I'm just kind of curious into March whether you expect broad markets to be up or down.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, it will be up in the March quarter Blayne, and it continues, we think. I know you mentioned something about June, June should be okay there as well for broad.
Operator: Question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the good execution. Liam, you mentioned some new wins in the second half. Is that more shared in existing sockets, such as low-band PAD, or in addition to that is it more content, and in what kind of applications could that be?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, it's both. It's certainly – one of the things to remember is that the portfolio that we provide evolves year-over-year. It's been happening forever. There really hasn't been any stagnation there. So we are seeing an increasing demand and burden on the technology. There's been performance driven solutions that require really creative elegant differentiated product. It's great for us. It allows us to really kind of flex our muscles in technology, leveraging our Tc-SAW capability, our in-house gallium arsenide, our switching, our packaging in Mexicali, all of that. So we're seeing share gains in an evolving set of products that maybe two or three generations ago have grown up to be more and more rich in content, richer in value. And then we're also expanding into new areas completely. So we're doing more things in antenna tuning. We're expanding in GPS. We're starting to develop higher band solutions in some cases with customers. So it's really all of the above that will put us in great position for the second half.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. And as my follow-up, how sensitive is your pipeline to the supplier of the baseband modem? So, for example, if, let's say, Intel happens to win a lot more share of some of these flagship models from the current incumbent, does that change your content in any way?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: No, that's a great question. And it does not actually. We have great position with both Intel and Qualcomm. And if you go into Asia, you'll see us lined up with HiSilicon at Huawei. You'll see us lined up with MediaTek. So we're able to work with all of the above. And again, we have real diversity there with our partnerships. And certainly, there's going to be some companies that do better on the baseband side, and we're right along on track with that.
Operator: We have a question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi, thank you very much. I just wanted to go back to the capital allocation and just wanted to understand, A, the timing, and B, the components to that. So, clearly, you guys have a very analogist model in terms of the free cash you generate. So, was this catalyzed by the tax reform that you're raising your capital return? And then within that, what's the right way to think about the mix between buyback and dividend? And then I had a quick follow-up, please.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, we will continue to evaluate our capital return, but very pleased to announce a $1 billion new share buyback authorization today. In part, of course, that was triggered by the fact that our cash, roughly $1 billion of the $1.7 billion of cash, which was offshore, now becomes available, and we can repatriate that without any further tax consequences and use that for dividend payments and share buyback. It's something, again, we will continue to evaluate, the right mix between dividends and share buybacks, but a combination of both, we target now 60% to 75% of the free cash flow.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, maybe, Kris, you can answer this one as well. Just going back to the last earnings call when I had asked you actually about your CapEx, you had indicated that you are raising your capacity, and then also, as one of the drivers for gross margin, you have talked about increasing the mix between internal versus external. So the increase in capacity, and I just want to understand the dynamics between the two, are you raising capacity because you have some new design wins that are expected to fill that capacity and then help you progress on that path that you talked about increasing internal versus external?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely. There is some seasonality to the CapEx as well, and the December quarter is typically our low CapEx quarter. We are going to increase CapEx in the second quarter, the March quarter and the June quarter as we get ready for the ramp-up in the second half of the fiscal or calendar year. This is both related to capacity extensions as well as technology investments that we make along the line there. And so, in terms of insourcing our filter operation, we continue to make good progress there towards a 75% insource. We're not all the way done with that, so there is still some progression left there, and the teams are working hard on it and putting that in place.
Operator: We have a question from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead.
Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Hi, guys. Nice job in a tough environment. Liam, can you maybe talk about what you're seeing on the competitive front, either SAW performing as well as BAW, and if Qualcomm 360 is making any inroads? Then, Kris, if you wouldn't mind, give us kind of a view on total CapEx for 2018.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, I'll start with the competitive landscape. I mean, certainly, what we see in the market today is our customers are facing an incredible opportunity in bringing higher-speed connectivity to the market and moving into 5G. But it's also a more burdensome challenge for them. So they're selecting suppliers that can do more and suppliers that can resolve this challenge. There's so much interference and crowded spectrum and work to be done to make these great products actually execute and perform in the market. So what's been beneficial for us, Tony, is to have the building blocks, have the capability to do very high-performance Tc-SAW stretching all the way to 2.5 gigahertz, covering a lot of spectrum, the ability to bring our crafted gallium arsenide, our assembly and test unique architectures, and filters of any nature to bring that solution. And the configurability that we offer account-by-account has been quite important. So that's something that I don't see across the peer group, it's something that we've been rewarded with. And as Kris mentioned early, we're making the investments. We're investing offensively in our technologies to ensure that we can take care of what's on the table today, and also be with our customers as we move into 5G.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So CapEx will be running on or about 10%, might be even slightly above that. But on or about 10% as we prepare for the ramp in the second half.
Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Great job, guys. Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: (23:41) from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Liam, just a follow up. You commented on the broad markets in terms of visibility going out into the June quarter up. Any commentary on just mobile, in terms of what you're seeing from the supply chain, and how sequentially you would view the June quarter?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Craig. Yeah. So we're going through a March quarter where mobile has been a bit challenged on a unit basis more so I would say. As we get into June, we don't have all of our signals completely aligned on June, but I certainly expect it to be up for the company in total. Broad markets will play a role in that, and I think mobile should also be okay in June, probably up a bit.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just as a follow up on broad markets, if I look at call it 17%, 18% year-over-year growth in recent quarters, and then in the context of that business grows maybe 10%, 15% longer term, just kind of some of the drivers near term, and just do you think you can continue to sustain at these higher growth rates.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. We do think we can sustain. There's just so many more customers and opportunities that we haven't addressed in that space. And mobile is a great business for us. We see tremendous growth in that market. We know where the dollars are, and we've been very efficient at pursuing those. In broad markets, we're growing mid-teens, but there's a lot of opportunity that we haven't addressed. We continue to pursue it. I'm very pleased with the portfolio that we offer from Wi-Fi to ZigBee to Bluetooth. We're starting to see 11ax (25:14) technologies rolled out in some of these advanced access points in routers. We've mentioned some of the applications in the prepared remarks. Automotive is becoming more and more critical for us, leveraging LTE modules, and will certainly be a driver in the 5G. So the fact that we have this very, very broad spectrum of connectivity solutions really lends itself well to the diverse applications that we see across broad markets. So that's one of the important parts. And there's so much blue sky there that we really should expect to be growing mid-teens for the foreseeable future.
Operator: We have a question from Atif Malik with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, we are not making any changes to our target model. But we're making very good progress towards that target model, which is again growing the top line above market, and we have been making good progress there. We have a gross margin target of 53%, again, three quarter in a row, good progress, good improvements there, 30 basis point in June, 30 basis point in September, 40 basis points in December. Obviously, in March, on a softer revenue margin is coming down a little bit, but we expect to make further good progress in the following quarters. And so we target a 40% operating margins, and we are really close to that in the December quarter, and expect to get there soon in one of the following quarters there. And in addition to that, of course, we focus on free cash flow. The target there is a free cash flow margin of 30%. We beat that number actually in the December quarter. But on a full-year basis, we target 30% free cash flow.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, we're still working on a number of technologies and solutions to drive higher frequencies and to address 5G. And that's what our Sky5 platform is going to do. And the filtering technology, we have the opportunity to pursue just about every type of filter that we would need. Some of those will be in-house, some will be through partnerships.
Operator: We have a question from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes, thank you. Just to start. Could you provide the split between broad markets and mobile in December quarter? And I think you said you're expecting the broad markets to increase sequentially into the March quarter.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So obviously the December quarter was a strong mobile quarter, especially driven by some new platform ramps with our largest customer. That played out as expected. And so as a result of that, mobile was slightly above the 75%, and broad market was slightly below 25%. As Liam pointed out, in the next couple of quarters we expect to continue to see some strong sequential as well as year-over-year growth in broad market. And so on a full-year basis that is going to flip again, and so you can think about roughly 75% mobile, 25% broad market.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just as a follow up, with respect to the revised cash return policy, is there anything to read through there with respect to your appetite or your view towards further M&A? Liam, I think you've said in the past, you're pretty happy with your business as it is, you'd be amenable to looking at things they came along, but perhaps in light of this new strategy you could update us on your current thinking.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Chris. Well, as you said, we have a discerning view on M&A, certainly if the right opportunity presents itself we're in great position to execute. Our cash balance is strong. Our free cash flow margin is strong. We've got some great attributes in our business model that provides powder. So we're not taking that off the table, but again, we still want to be sure that shareholders understand that the capital allocation that we outlined today is aggressive, but we have 100% capability to deliver that. We announced the $1 billion buyback as well. So there's a lot of good things happening on that end. But M&A is always something that we look at. But day-to-day we're driving this business, and we like the opportunities in front of us.
Operator: We have a question from Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray: Yeah. Hey, guys, first of all congratulations. Solid execution in what's a tough environment. And Liam, I had a question for you. Every company that's reported has talked about China being tough. I think you mentioned, correct me if I'm wrong, that China would be up modestly for you guys in March. I'm curious what's driving that. And then also, is the Korean customer ramp, or their flagship phone playing a role for you guys in the March quarter?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, sure. So I would say that the Korean customer is up in March. China is just about flat to up a bit. And China had been a faster grower for us in the middle of the year, cooled off a bit in Q1, and right now going into Q2, we've got them roughly flattish. We have the Korean customer up year-over-year in March quarter.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray: Got it. And then for my follow up, your incremental fall through at this point in time, and then how do you see that changing as you bring more of the filters in-house as the year progresses?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. No. That is an ongoing effort, Harsh. And so in part of course driven by the ramp of the new platforms that consume more and more complex filters, and so the team is executing very well on that. And so it's just a matter of couple quarters and we'll get to that 75%.
Operator: We have a question from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I think this may be a follow up to a point that Kris made earlier, but I just wanted to make sure I understood it clearly. So what I wanted to do is focus on the full-year growth potential of each of the two main businesses. We clearly have a strong start to the calendar year in broad markets. You're expecting integrated mobile to come back very strongly in the back half of the year. So for the calendar year, Liam and Kris, which of those businesses is going to be the better grower? Is it integrated mobile, given the strength of the second half ramps, or is it broad market, just given the stronger start to the year and growth through the year?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, I'll try to give you a little color on really what we can glean today. I will tell you that the second half of the calendar and more so even the fiscal and calendar both, you're going to see accelerating gains in mobile. We have some really powerful design wins that have been cemented. And it's just a matter of time for those to actually make it into our P&L. So that we know. Broad markets, we see a steady path to mid-teens. So I think if you've modeled that and that level kind of a 15%-ish kind of number through the balance of the year, that's kind of where we see it. And there's a lot of diversification in broad markets. We tend not to see the kind of seasonality that we do see in mobile. And there's a very broad design win footprint across those customers. So mobile is definitely going to be stronger in the back half of the year with known design wins, broad market with our current business and growing opportunities we see as a mid-teen grower.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: That's really helpful. And then the follow-up is really putting calendar 2018 in perspective and looking longer term. It seems like every indication that we get for 5G is more and more optimistic that we're going to have devices ramping in the first half of the year more materially in the back half of the year. And that really kicks off an era where content is going to go up very significantly it seems given the 10x increase in band combination. So, is calendar 2018 really a bit of a pause in the integrated mobile business even though we're getting very good year-on-year growth now and stronger in the second half relative to what we could see next year? How do you look at the growth rate that we have this year relative to what you could see coming over the next two to three?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. No, that's a great question. It's certainly our belief that 5G will be yet another catalyst in mobility, and it's clearly it's necessary as for all the reasons that we talked about in the prepared remarks, and you've heard it in our Sky5 presentation. So we know what that needs to happen. We're going to play a pivotal role. We're working with the right thought leaders and customers that are shaping the architectures. We're very much aligned. So we're looking forward to that. But I still think that what we're seeing in today's model, there's great stuff here, there's great content. And the units are down a little bit, but in the second half, I think we're going to see some catch up, and then going into 2019 and beyond, you're going to start to see 5G become more and more apparent in architectures, and it will be a steady roll over several years before we get the whole market to upgrade.
Operator: We have a question from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thanks a lot. Good work on just every metric here, and I know you've been guiding for improving gross margins. Liam, if you walk us through real quick what the three primary factors you see in the next 12 months, 24 months that will drive gross margins. I know utilization factor (35:35) is one of those. But maybe you could identify those, if you could. And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. (35:42) I'll take that. So, obviously, our gross margin drivers haven't changed, and the first one, of course, is incremental revenue and revenue growth that gives us better utilization and fixed cost absorption. That is one. Second, it's ongoing operational efficiencies that we drive in all our fabs, the front-end fabs, the filter fabs as well as our back-end operation. And then last but not least, we've talked about that, it's the ongoing filter insourcing where we make some good progress bringing those filters in-house at a much lower cost than we buy them from third parties, while at the same time, of course, improving the performance of those filters as well. And that are the three levers, and that will continue to drive further margin improvement towards our target model of 53%.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: So, I guess, the follow up on that one, if I could, Kris is, I mean, you're already gargantuan in Tc-SAW. Your scale, I think, towards your second closest competitor to the point where they just gave – I won't say gave up on it, but certainly rather than keep investing trying to catch you, have kind of relinquished that. You've got the largest packaging assembly test facility, I guess, on earth at this point, in Mexicali. So how much – I mean, a couple of those were about scale, and you've already got monster scale. So it would seem like those gains are going to be relatively limited even if you make your targets. And then, Liam, if I could real quick, you spoke several times about how solving complexity is one of the keys to gaining share in new content and new slots at some of your largest mobile customers, that seems to be the case. Can you give us a characterization, real something you'll sketch out about (37:21) well, how you see the world because there's been a lot of chatter from everybody from Qualcomm, from the Japanese, and few other guys about filter technologies or new wins or whatever, but the trend seems to be definitely in your camp here on these more complicated modules. Is it amps, is it filters, is it system design? Why are they apparently losing share and you guys are gaining it? Thanks.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. No, that's a great question. And I'm going to dovetail back a bit into the margin element too. I mean, one of the other really critical pieces of the margin fabric is really our integration technology, just as you outlined. So, the complexity and the challenge in mobility requires suppliers to act differently and find opportunities to really help the customer. If we don't help our customer win, no one's going to win. So we do a lot of work on building these crafted integrated solutions. We started with SkyOne. It took a while for that to get airspeed, but it's become our dominant transmit change solution that goes from low-band to mid-band to high-band. We've dovetailed that with resolving another problem on the receive chain, developing our DRx solution, again, leveraging our filters, leveraging L&A technology, and the unique craftsmanship that we can deliver through Mexicali. So we see that continue. That creates also a margin opportunity because it presents tremendous value to the customer, and it creates a lot of competitive barriers with our peers. That's been helpful. As we start to move out along the curve into higher frequency and into the domain of 5G, the landscape gets even more difficult and more challenging. Fewer companies can put these pieces together. So our ability to go from crafted gallium arsenide, partnerships in SOI, filter technology, in-housing growing, and then that ability to configure with our own assembly and test, all of that is really unique. Figure out how to work with every base-band supplier, we do that. We get with the best and the brightest and it comes together. It's not easy, but that's the recipe that's been working for us.
Operator: We have a question from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the nice results. Liam, your largest competitor in low-band PADs has admitted it's likely to lose share in the second half of 2018 as these new flagship phones ramp in the second half. Do you expect to pick up that share or do you see a more competitive market in low-band PADs? And then I've got a follow-up.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, yeah, barring any specific customers, we see a robust market share position for low-band PAD. We also see that product really growing and its reach of technology, expanding bands, for example, and delivering higher performance output power to milliamp level performance. So that continues to be an increasingly important product for the industry. We expect to populate that through a number of Tier 1 large scale players.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co. LLC: And then a follow up is just, as you look at the premiere flagship phones being announced in 2018, do you expect a significant percentage of those phones to have gigabit modems that require 4x4 receive chains?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: 4x4 is increasing. Right now we're in early innings and stepping through that increased performance. We're seeing it with some of the high-performance flagship models. So it's starting to become apparent on kind of the roadmaps for the mid-tier customers, but it's another opportunity. I mean, it greatly expands the RF content for all players. But to the point of integration that we talked about in the last few questions, bringing those solutions together kind of in an intricate size reduced manner that allows the greatest performance without degradation of signal I think is key. So 4x4 isn't just simply putting in more and more radios. It's really about architecting them so that they work in unison at a higher level.
Operator: Final question is from Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Just following up on the low-band PAD question. So I guess, Liam, how do you expect your mix to look over the next few quarters, low-band versus mid and high? And then, Kris, I guess, if we see an increasing mix of low-band, does that have any implications on your gross margin outlook?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, the low-band PAD is not a new product for us, but we are again raising the performance level each and every year. So what would be launching and being delivered in the second half of 2018 is very different than what you'd see in 2017 or 2016. And it's a product that we see extended reach, as I mentioned. We see this going across multiple customers. There are few critical ones where it's going to be more of a driver. But for our business right now, it's one of our most important architectures. We're delivering now also mid band and high band solutions. If you flip it to the receive side, DRx is kind of following the same chain where we started with a low-band DRx, we're moving to mid and high there. So you've got both sides. You've got transmit and then you have receive side that will benefit from some of these newer architectures. And of course low-band PAD has been mentioned a few times, and that's going to be a key product for us as always.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. And the low-band PAD is running on or about company average from a gross margin point of view. So it's not a headwind or a tailwind.
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Great. And then to my follow up. So last week, Qorvo made some pretty specific comments about their expectation to retake some share at Samsung and Huawei, kind of post this spring portfolio ramp. Sounds like you're pretty confident in the back half of your position as well. Can you maybe help square your confidence versus their comments?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, listen, I look at our outlook and the design wins that I know that we've consummated. We feel really good about the second half. We feel really good. I mean, there's going to be competition. This is a growing market that we play in, and there's opportunities for others. But we feel very confident in what we've won, and a lot of that technology, you're going to start to see here in the second half calendar and fiscal.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and events during the quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Atif Malik - Citi Research Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC Bill Peterson - J.P. Morgan Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Wills Miller - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Mike Burton - Longbow Research LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Ryan. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Year-End 2017 Conference Call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for our complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team produced record results in Q4 in fiscal 2017, demonstrating our traction within the increasingly vibrant and profitable Mobile and IoT ecosystems. Let me begin with a few fourth quarter highlights. We delivered revenue of $985 million, up 18% year-over-year, and above our guidance. We expanded gross margin by 30 basis points, and operating margin by 150 basis points sequentially. We achieved earnings per share of $1.82, up 24% year-over-year, $0.07 ahead of consensus. For the full year, we generated revenues of $3.7 billion, up 11%, with earnings per share of $6.45, up 16% year-over-year. And we produced exceptional operating cash flow, $1.5 billion, up 34% from last year. In addition to our strong financial performance, we've significantly expanded the aperture of our design win pipeline. Last quarter, we broadened our reach across all premier customers. Specifically, we powered Samsung's Galaxy and Note platforms, with proprietary DRx and SkyOne solutions, while adding GPS and DC/DC converters. We enabled Huawei's newest premium smartphones with low, mid and high band SkyOne, Wi-Fi, carrier aggregation, and proprietary SkyBlue power management solutions. And we leveraged SkyLiTE and SkyOne across new platforms at Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, and Motorola. And across our broad markets, we delivered fully integrated Zigbee and ISM modules for Bosch home security and Cisco's smart lighting systems. We commenced volume production of in-vehicle telematics at Hyundai, and launched wireless networking engines within DirecTV's 4K Genie receivers. We also supported Sonos' latest hi-fi speaker featuring Amazon Alexa. And we introduced next-generation 802.11ax Wi-Fi solutions, enabling a fourfold increase in speed and supporting up to 50 simultaneous users. We secured connectivity wins at DJI for virtual reality and drone applications, supplied precision GPS and antenna tuning for Fitbit's newest smart watches, and we unveiled high power solutions with leading base station customers for 5G MIMO deployments. So to summarize, we delivered yet another year of record results, capturing strategic design wins across all key market segments, while strengthening our balance sheet. At a higher level, the ubiquitous connected economy is gaining significant momentum and enhancing the way we live, work, play, and educate. The growth opportunity is enormous. Global mobile data usage is expected to grow five times between 2017 and 2021. IoT volumes are exploding, with 75 billion devices projected by 2025. And there is still the opportunity to connect the unconnected, which today represents over 2 billion people worldwide. In parallel, the applications driving our business are expanding to now include connected homes, autonomous vehicles, artificial intelligence, augmented reality, wearables, as well as network infrastructure. And by definition, these applications would not be possible without fast, secure, power-efficient connectivity solutions provided by Skyworks. As we've previously discussed, the equity market is recognizing this macro-tend as powerful, highly profitable and accelerating. In fact, if we look at today's top five S&P 500 companies by market cap, they are all demonstrating successful monetization of the rapidly growing mobile economy. As a group, these five companies have created 2 trillion of incremental shareholder value since 2012, a clear testament to the strength of this industry. Meanwhile, the broad range of usage cases and expanding scope of newly connected platforms are creating an increasingly crowded radio spectrum, stressing network capacity and slowing data throughput. Our mission is to enable this data-driven world and alleviate the looming digital traffic jam. This will require an inflection point in global communication standards, and that's 5G. 5G will represent a significant boost in speed, up to 100 times that that we see in 4G networks. 5G will offer extremely low latency, a requirement for mission-critical applications such as driverless cars, machine-to-machine, and robotics. And 5G will be a key enabler to a massive rollout of IoT, greatly expanding network capacity and improving reliability. 5G will also spawn new and previously unimagined applications, while greatly enhancing the performance and utility of existing mobile platforms. We will see this reflected in new unit growth in IoT applications and also across the global smartphone installed base. Keep in mind, the 5 billion subscribers today all operate on 2G, 3G, and 4G networks. In order to make the leap to 5G, system architectures will require significantly more powerful connectivity engines to ensure the intense performance challenges are realized. This upgrade wave will create an enormous growth catalyst for the entire smartphone ecosystem. And as a leader in unwiring the planet, Skyworks is well-positioned to capitalize, with extensive technology breadth and depth, strategic partnerships with all leading smartphone and IoT customers, differentiated system solutions enabling unmatched levels of integration and performance, all underpinned by our aggressive investments over the past two decades to expand our product portfolio, IP and scale. As a result, we have the profitability, cash flow, and balance sheet to extend our leadership position. Our strategic R&D and CapEx investments will be pivotal as the scale and technology requirements around 5G intensify. Finally, and most importantly, we are committed to delivering premium levels of profitability with above-market growth, while continuing to create sustainable shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Kris for discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q1.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2017 was a record $985 million, up 9% sequentially and up 18% compared to Q4 of last year, exceeding our guidance and consensus estimates. Gross profit was $502 million or 51% of revenue, up 30 basis points sequentially following 30 basis points of sequential improvement in the June quarter. Operating expense were $123 million or 12.5% of revenue. As a result, we generated $379 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 38.5%, up 150 basis points sequentially. Our tax rate was 11.1%, driving net income of $339 million or $1.82 of diluted earnings per share, exceeding our guidance by $0.07. Fourth quarter EPS of $1.82 was up 16% sequentially and 24% compared to Q4 of last year. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $425 million, and capital expenditures were $85 million. Dividends paid were $59 million, and we repurchased 1 million shares of our common stock for a total of $102 million. As this is the fourth and last quarter of fiscal 2017, let's also review our annual results. We delivered a record $3.7 billion of revenue, up 11% year-over-year. Operating income was $1.4 billion, and net income was $1.2 billion, translating into $6.45 of diluted earnings per share, up 16% versus last year. In addition to the strong top and bottom line year-over-year growth, we generated cash flow from operations of $1.5 billion, up 34% from fiscal 2016. CapEx for the year was $300 million, resulting in $1.2 billion of free cash flow or a 32% free cash flow margin. We returned 55% of the free cash flow to shareholders, with $215 million of dividend payments and $432 million in share buybacks, as we repurchased just over 4.6 million shares throughout the fiscal year. We ended fiscal 2017 with a cash balance of $1.6 billion and no debt. Now moving to our outlook for fiscal Q1. We plan for revenue to be up 15% year-over-year to $1.05 billion, with gross margin expansion to the 51% to 51.5% range. Operating expense are expected to be $127 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $2.5 million in other income, and a tax rate of 14.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 185.5 million shares. Accordingly, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.91, an increase of 19% year-over-year, demonstrating our sustained operating leverage. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kris. Skyworks enters fiscal 2018 with strong momentum. Our outperformance is being driven by a vibrant, dynamic Mobile ecosystem, one that rewards companies who can resolve architectural complexity with simplified integrated solutions. The value inherent in the connected economy is apparent in our results. In the past five years, our revenues have more than doubled, EPS has more than tripled, and operating cash is up five times. In closing, our ambitious vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time has never been more relevant and exciting. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Okay. Our first question will come from the line of Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik - Citi Research: Hi, thanks for taking my questions, and good job on the execution. First question, the gross margins, Kris, if you can talk about what's driving the gross margin expansion into the December quarter, and then I have a follow-up.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, so first of all, I'm pleased with the ongoing gross margin expansion. As we said in the prepared remarks, we added 30 basis point in June, we added 30 basis points in September here, and for December, we guide gross margin up between 0 to 50 basis points. And so, the way we do that is three elements. Of course, more revenue, more volume helps with size and scale and fixed cost absorption, that's one. Secondly, we continue to drive operational efficiencies across all our operations and with our third-party suppliers. And then last but not least, we continue to make good progress on filter insourcing. As a reminder, roughly 50% of the filters we use are being produced in-house, and 50% is purchased from third parties. We are moving towards a 75%/25% allocation there and making good progress in that. And so, when you combine this all, we continue to make good progress and moving towards our target of 53% gross margin.
Atif Malik - Citi Research: Great. And then, Liam, your execution has been very strong. This year, you're outgrowing your peers on a tender basis, particularly in China with major OEMs like Huawei picking up your RF solution. If I look at – historically, your share in China has been mid 20s. Can you talk about what your market share or the percent of your sales could be this year? And how much of this is permanent or in terms of share gains into next year?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, I'll try to give you as much color as I can here. Well, as you know, I mean, China has been a strategic market for us for some time. It's a growing market. It's also a market that not only produces product in country, it exports. And as you've seen lately, they've also been a great consumer of global Tier 1 phones, so there's a lot that goes into that mix. For us, the theme that we're seeing right now and the theme that we're capitalizing on is this move towards higher-end performance within China. Huawei is a great example, where we have mid band, high band, low band, SkyOne, DRx technology, power technology, really rich content, moving that to Oppo and Vivo and Xiaomi as well. So, the real theme for us is moving that content up, moving that performance level up. And we're really happy to see that the consumer in China is up for that and asking for those products.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Thanks, guys, for taking the question. Congrats on the progress.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks.
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Liam, if you could maybe just follow up on that last question. If we go back to statements that Qorvo made on their conference call, they were talking about a consumer movement in China toward middle-market phones, cheaper phones that have, obviously, lower RF dollar content. It's definitely different from what you just stated, I guess. Can you maybe help us to square that a bit what you're seeing maybe versus their comment?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, well, I think, both can be right. There's a low end, there's a mid end, and then there's a premium end. We participate in both the premium and the mid-tier, not so much in the low end. But where we're seeing real acceleration is when you look at $3 to $4 content 4G product moving up to higher end 4G that could be $6 or $7. That theme is playing out very well. We still have participation in the mid-tier, but again, the driving theme right now is about getting global phones that are rich in content that can sell in China, can sell even outside of China. So that's where we're seeing the benefit. I mean, Huawei has been a class case study for us. We've done extremely well with that customer. We've engaged early. We have incredible relationships and have been able to drive a wonderful set of products through their portfolio. And that's not changing.
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Thank you for that. And then lastly, the Street has gotten pretty used to pretty inarguable beat-and-raise quarters out of you guys, and so a good September quarter but relatively in line December guidance. And with the delay of a launch of your largest customer, what might that be doing to the December to March transition? And does maybe what might be considered a little lighter December mean we might see a little stronger March?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, well, here's what I can tell you, Cody. We have a process for our guidance. We look through our backlog position. There's not a lot of speculation. We have great visibility in the current quarter as to where we are. And our job is to try to cement our designs with the right customers in the right markets, whether they're in mobile, whether they're in IoT or infrastructure. And the team has done a great job of putting great product with the right companies. And then it's up to the customers to actually deliver on the mix side on their end. So, some of that is out of our control, but we have a balanced view with the Q1. We don't really have any guidance for you yet for March, but I wouldn't expect anything different than from kind of our normal signature there. But we go through that process every quarter and nothing has really changed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Peterson with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Yeah, thanks for letting me ask a question, and congrats as well on the quarter. I guess, can you give us a feel as you've done in the past on the size of broad markets in the quarter as well, I guess, first is mobile?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yes, Bill, so broad markets was approximately 26% of total revenue. Our integrated mobile was 64% of total revenue, and the Power Amplifiers was approximately 10%. So, I'm definitely very pleased with broad markets at 26% of total revenue. So we actually exceeded more than $250 million of quarter revenue in broad markets. So we've now over $1 billion in annualized revenue in that market. As you could hear from the prepared remarks, we have a lot of design win momentum in that segment. We experience a lot of growth in that segment and so that's definitely helping us to overall grow our business.
Bill Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks for that color. And I guess, if we look in the next year based out of your design win pipeline, I guess, which of the two between mobile and broad markets would you expect to go faster at this stage? And I guess, that's just kind of a content question as well for mobile but also just the pipeline you have for the broad market side. Thank you.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yes, so broad market in fiscal 2017 has been growing high teens full year, year-over-year. We expect that to continue to grow mid-teens, mid to high teens, so we definitely see a lot of growth there, but at the same time, of course, we are very bullish about our mobile markets as well and continue to see double-digit growth in that area.
Bill Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for taking my questions. My first question, I just wanted to follow up on the broad markets question. I realize that this segment is exposed to many, many customers and many, many end products, but if you can point to some of the drivers in the quarter, and perhaps the areas where you have high expectations going into calendar 2018, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Toshi. It really is a broad set of applications and customers. I think one important point is the ability for Skyworks to create a broad and growing presence in the actual wireless topology. So we're offering Wi-Fi, 11ac, 11ax. We're offering Bluetooth, we're offering ZigBee, we're offering GPS. There's really a wide range of topologies that we bring, and even cellular in some of these applications. So that allows us to manage opportunities and grow the business, whether it's short-data range devices, whether it's devices that demand a stronger signal, faster data rate, longer-range, premium Wi-Fi. The customer set, we rattled off a few in the prepared remarks, continues to grow. There's connected home devices, there's security systems, there's more and more video applications that really drive a tremendous amount of content for us. So it's quite diversified. There's customers with applications and then there's the breadth of wireless topologies that we bring that really creates the differentiation.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And as my follow-up, we've heard from Broadcom as it relates to their bid for Qualcomm, and I'm thinking you guys have spent some time at least brainstorming what the implications could be for the overall industry and for your business. Perhaps you haven't, but in case you have, how should we think about the impact to you guys, what are the potential benefits, potential negatives when you think about a potential team-up between the two companies? Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, well, it's very early to call the implications here, but one of the things I would say is it clearly shows the value and significance of this mobile economy that we've been talking about for a while. This is a really significant change in the way we work, live, play, monetize. So I think it speaks to that. For us, we have great position with both of those parties. We do a lot of work with Qualcomm, we've had a lot of work with Broadcom Avago on Wi-Fi. So for us, I think that we would certainly be able to coexist with those folks. But think again about the statement that I see on this is the value of mobile and the economy that's supported by it, and I think that's the big takeaway here.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi, thank you. And Liam, maybe if we could just stay with that theme of the high level, and since you've been on board, you have pretty much laid out your conviction on the business. And it sounds like you're – the change at least that I get is that you're not that interested in diversification just for the sake of diversification. Is that the right way to think about how you view your business and, as you just laid out, the mobile economy as you highlighted in your prepared remarks? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, well, I will say that my conviction in Skyworks and what we're doing is sound, and I'm really excited and happy about the execution of this team. And we've laid out a framework a few years back and even longer about what we want to accomplish. And I think we're doing quite well. There's more to do. But what I think about really is, we can call it mobile, we can call it connected, but there's definitely a big change in this industry. It's cloud-to-client, it's driverless cars, it's IoT, it's 5G smartphones. There's no question that the opportunity in those markets is unmatched. I don't see anything else in semiconductors, quite frankly that would compare to it. So we're really excited about that. And that's where you're hearing the dialogue and the conviction. Now, are there other things that could occur? Are there other potential partnerships or deals that could be made? Absolutely. And the balance sheet and the cash generation really gives us more and more options to do that. But day to day, we love what we do here, and there's just so much great opportunities in front of us.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you. And my quick follow-up, Kris, on the full year, could you – just for modeling purposes, how should we think about the OpEx trajectory and also CapEx? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, so for OpEx, there's no change there. We've said in the past, we are keeping our OpEx on or about 13% to revenue. Of course, there will be some seasonal fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, but on a full-year basis, the target is 13% to revenue, so if you have double-digit top-line growth that allows us to make strategic events in R&D and sales and marketing to capture more value, which is out there in the market. On CapEx, we are running high-single digits as a percent to revenue for CapEx in fiscal 2017, and you can expect the same in fiscal 2018. Here, again, we are making the strategic investments in our filter operation, not only expanding the capacity but also making technology investments to widen the scope of our technology. And a similar thing is going on in our back-end operation, capacity expansion, as well as technology investments that we are making.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wills Miller - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Wills Miller for Vivek. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on the results.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Wills Miller - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess, first, if I look at your December quarter sales growth guidance, it seems a bit below seasonal. Can you just talk about the puts and takes there?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So, for December, we are guiding up 9% sequentially and up – sorry, for December, 7% sequentially and up 15% year-over-year. I think that's a pretty strong guidance. It's really hard to look at what is normal seasonality when you compare 2017 or 2016 or 2015. The last couple of years has not been really normal. So, again, 7% sequential, 15% year-over-year, I consider that a very strong guidance.
Wills Miller - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's helpful, thank you. And just a quick one. What was your largest customer as a percent of sales in the September quarter?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So our three largest customers has not changed, obviously. It's Foxconn, Samsung, and Huawei. And so on a full-year basis, our largest customer is in the high 30s, approaching 40% of total revenue. Samsung is in the low teens, and Huawei is on or about 10%.
Wills Miller - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder, Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thanks. Merced announced they went to Wi-Fi (28:07) each quarter there, which is an interesting development, given you guys have not done a lot of modules in that. I know a few, but not on this scale before. Just generally, what are the ASPs of those modules in the typical $1 to $4 range for Wi-Fi module? Are they more like SkyOne? And where are you in the design pipeline with that? Are you sampling and qualified, designed in) or in production?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: With respect to Wi-Fi modules, Ed, was that it?
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Yes.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, I mean, we've been working higher and higher levels of integration with our Wi-Fi solutions from basically just single chip solutions to multi-mode devices to fully integrated systems. So we're along that curve right now. We have some customers that are deeply engaged and are looking forward to a complete module, which would definitely enhance the ASP. And then we have some other customers that are halfway there that still look at integration beyond just the chip level. So, it's a work in progress. I think one thing that does create tremendous advantage for Skyworks is our ability to integrate through Mexicali our package assembly and test, our ability to bring in filters now through our Panasonic deal, as well as our strength just at the chip level in Wi-Fi. So those elements are in place. It's just about bringing them together, harmonizing them and then bringing them to market.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And then, Kris, if I could, last year, you had high channel inventory going into the – in the second half of the year, and it kept you from seeing any real revenue from a legacy product at your largest customer. That's got to be a tailwind this year. Are we talking $10 million or $50 million? Can you give us a scale on that? And Liam, one more for you, there was a question about Broadcom and Qualcomm, I just want to follow up with that. Are you seeing any serious comp today right now in the market, are you seeing any serious competition or any competition at all from RF360 on the RF/Analog side? By that, I mean, not the ET solution, which is tied to their base, and which they always claim is (30:00) RF360, but any components that you sell in the space, are you seeing anything from them?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So Ed, I'll take the first one on channel inventory, that is very much normal. It's not high, it's not low, it's right where it's supposed to be.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Right. And then on the RF360, Ed, we really haven't seen much of a change. I know there's efforts for that product across the globe, but we really haven't seen anything substantial.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: So they're not really a serious competitor to you today?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Right.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Mike Burton, Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Burton - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks, and congrats on the strong September numbers. Looks like you had a lot of ramps across your customer base in September. Can you help us understand some of the pieces in the quarter a little better? You obviously had a ramp from your largest customer, but was Samsung and the China OEMs also up sequentially? And any color there for the September quarter, but also how you would expect them to trend into December would be helpful. Thanks.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Yeah, this was – Q4 was really kind of the early stages of launches for really the suite of top tier mobile players. And that will carry through in our strong December guidance here today. It's great to see diversification across a higher set of customers that are all kind of adopting now variations on DRx and variations on SkyOne and some of the other what would have been kind of classic analog type product, our switching products, some of our antenna tuning products, GPS. We're starting to see that portfolio really grow among the high tier. You saw a bit of it in the September quarter, and it really is kind of the leaders that will propel us here in the December quarter.
Mike Burton - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, and then sorry if I missed it, but as we look at gross margins heading into fiscal 2018, what are some of the puts and takes we should consider or how should we think about modeling that going forward? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, so we only guide one quarter at a time, and so we provide you with the guidance for the December quarter, 51% to 51.5%. And so, as I said in the prepared remarks, we're making good progress towards our target model of 53%, and so we'll, quarter after quarter, make further progress towards that target model.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christian Sayaka (32:33) with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I just want to first dig into the tax rate on this quarter. It clearly came in materially lower than your guidance. And I'm calculating it to roughly a 5% benefit to EPS this quarter. Can you just delve in a bit deeper as to what happened this quarter on that tax rate and where – and if we should expect this to flow through for fiscal 2018? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Right, so we did beat on an EPS line with $0.07, $0.02 of that was operational benefits, higher revenue, and $0.05 came from a lower tax rate. The tax rate came in at 11.1% in Q4, and on a full-year basis it was 12.8%. That's the non-GAAP tax rate. That tax rate came in slightly below what we expected as we did some fiscal year-end true-up calculations. And we had a slightly more favorable mix between our domestic and foreign income. And that drove a little bit of a lower tax rate for fiscal 2017. For fiscal 2018, we provided guidance for Q1, 14.5%, and we also do expect on a full-year basis the tax rate to be on or about 14.5%. That obviously does not take into account any potential benefits from tax reform. It's too early to call that. But fiscal 2018 is slightly up from fiscal 2017, mainly as a result of a reduction in tax deductible stock-based compensation expenses.
Unknown Speaker: That's helpful, thank you. And then I just want to pivot back to the China market for a quick second. I've been hearing from some investors that there's actually been some de-specing going on in the RF content as you've seen some other pricing pressures from memory, display, so on and so forth. This is in clear contrast to what you guys are describing on the call right now and saying that you're seeing content increasing especially in the mid-end tiers. Can you maybe try and just, I guess, maybe try and describe if you have been seeing this trend in the market at all or maybe try and reconcile the differences from what I'm hearing to what you're saying? Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, sure, yeah. Well, I mean, China is a very broad, broad market with a lot of companies, a lot of customers. There are some mid-tier and low-tier players that are selling on price, and maybe de-specing is a way to get there in lowering their prices. But what we are seeing is – and our focus has been on mid to high, and on that segment, we see a push for performance. We're also seeing more and more China players like Huawei that will build a global phone that will carry frequencies and content that can be used globally not just specifically to China. And again, the next set of players starting to move up, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi are also are moving up from, in some cases, a lower base of content. And there can be de-specing in other areas. It doesn't rule out that that possibility exists in certain markets and certain customers. A great deal of mid-tier and low-end phones, they get built in China, get exported to emerging markets that may not have the same demands for performance. So it's possible that could be happening. In the area of focus that Skyworks is interested in, we continue to see the performance push.
Unknown Speaker: Excellent. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis, B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question, and nice execution in the quarter, guys. Just a couple clarifications at this point. First, Kris, you mentioned that you expect internal filter sourcing to get up to 75%. Over what time period would you expect that to occur from where we are today at around 50%?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So we were at 50% a quarter ago, we are now somewhat halfway on towards our 75%. So we should be there in early 2018.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And then, Liam, oftentimes at this time of year, given the design win visibility which you have, which is around 18 months or so, you have a pretty good sense for where content is shaking out for the coming year. So the question is, one, can you just qualitatively speak to content gains that you've seen now that all the major handsets have been announced in the back half of the year? And two, what's the content gain potential for broad markets next year both in Tier 1s and in some of the lower tiers where it seems like there's a good mix-up dynamic playing out to your favor?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, that makes sense. Yeah, so this is what we're seeing. And we have pretty good visibility now with the players. There's definitely going to be some early elements of 5G stepping into this market by 2018 into 2019. We talked a lot about 5G here in the opening comments, and as you know, this will be kind of additive to existing 3G and 4G engines. So you could have connectivity solutions, 3G, 4G, and then augmented with new content around 5G, new frequencies, new filtering, and in many cases, MIMO implementation as well. So there's a great opportunity there. It will take a while before it's fully implemented, but that is on the roadmap today. It's going to be a big driver on the mobile side. When you look at IoT, Craig, what we're seeing is a couple things. We're seeing a much broader proliferation now with more and more applications that we're able to address, whether it's with a Wi-Fi device or a Bluetooth device or embedding GPS for location, we're getting a broader set of applications. And we're also starting to see applications that we've already had step up through an upgrade. For example, smart watches that now carry cellular technology or a streaming media device that was a 2x2 MIMO for Wi-Fi that now carries nine streams of Wi-Fi to enhance speed and data rate. So, it's really twofold. It's the continuation of broadening the IoT reach, and then there's kind of the upgrade cycle within the IoT applications. So all that is opportunities for us looking forward.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. A couple of clarifications, I guess, just starting with that 5G topic. When do you think that'll be meaningful, Liam? And then before we get to 5G, obviously 4G premium has been driving your content for such a long time. What are the incremental content opportunities within 4G in the premium segment? I mean, do you think we'll continue to see tailwinds for content here before we get to 5G or do we take a little bit of a pause and then a step function increase when we go to 5G?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, no, that's a great question. So I think we're going to see a continuation here as we evolve from 4G to 5G. It won't be necessarily a step function, and I don't think we'll see a pause. And within each opportunity or each customer, they have their own story. I think that the winners in this market are the ones that are adopting performance-driven technology, customers that are adopting DRx-like systems that greatly enhance the downlink speed. We're seeing applications where we could have two or three DRx modules on the receive chain. That's really mirroring what we've been doing in transmit with SkyOne, low, mid, and high band. And most of our customers are somewhere along that continuum from a couple of modules to five or six modules. So there's a lot of work that we can do in 4G to grow our content and grow our business by populating existing customers with new technology and then also winning with some new accounts within mobile. And then when you look at 5G from an IoT perspective, one of the big, big drivers is creating that network capacity that can handle all of these devices. There's just going to be such a dispersion of devices, up to 25 billion or so by 2020 that we're going to need a new network to deliver those frequencies and deliver that data. So that's just another opportunity for connectivity through a number of different protocols, it could be Wi-Fi, it could be ZigBee, it could be cellular. But there's really going to be quite a massive upgrade cycle in the IoT space as well.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks for that clarification. And then one – another clarification on the M&A front. You talked a little bit about diversification, but I guess, in the past, you did try to diversify a few years ago. That didn't work out. Given the strong balance sheet as well as the strong cash flow you're generating, maybe you could remind us what your M&A strategy is going forward. And if you don't find attractive opportunities out there, what are the plans with the cash? And what are the cash usage priorities?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, sure. Yeah, as I said earlier, we really do feel great about the outlook in the business that we're pursuing and the markets that we're pursuing. At the same time, we're up for diversification as long as it enhances the franchise. We're not as interested in things that are just totally adjacent on a different vector to diversify the portfolio. So, we got a great management team, we know how to enhance businesses, we've done a few deals that have turned out fantastic for us. Our joint venture with Panasonic, which is now a wholly-owned entity in Japan, has brought tremendous filtering technology. We did a deal for Wi-Fi with SiGe in 2012. That's been a home run. So the deals that we do are very careful and thought through, and we want our team to be able to execute on the entity that comes in. We'll continue to have that kind of a mindset as we look at potential opportunities going forward.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, let me just remind you, we have $1.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Half of that is onshore, half of that is offshore. We do have a very strong cash innovation capability with a free cash flow margin of 30%, 30-plus percent, but keep in mind that half of that cash is being generated onshore, half of the cash is being generated offshore. And so currently, our stated goal is to return 40% to 50% of that total free cash flow back to the shareholders through our dividend program and share buyback program. Actually, last year, we did 55% of total free cash flow, which means 100% of all the onshore cash generation was returned back to the shareholder. And we will continue to execute along that strategy.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. Just wanted to follow up on the topic of gross margins, and just given some of the recent trajectories there, your target of 53%, do you think it's just a matter of maybe it takes you longer to get there or how do you kind of frame the bridge to today and timeline of getting to 53%?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, no, we – first of all, we've never specified a timeline where we said we will continue to make quarter-after-quarter progress towards that target. And so, we continue to do so. I said we did 30 basis point in June, 30 basis point in September, we expect to do anywhere between 0 to 50 basis points in December. And so, it's a lot of hard work, but we continue to add more value in our products, in our solutions and at the same time continue to drive down the cost. And a combination of that will help us to get to that 53% gross margin.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Craig, and the other thing just to keep in mind is that as our business is moving more and more towards these highly integrated, unique, custom solutions, the margins benefit. It's not only fewer competitors, but we're getting paid for the value-add, the engineer-to-engineer work, working within our customers' ecosystem to cement these really challenging – resolving these really challenging problems with elegant, some integrated solutions. So that's a theme that will continue. If we look out into 5G and some of these more complex markets, that's really going to be the strike zone of what we do at Skyworks. So we should be able to see margin benefit from that, in addition to looking within the company internally to become a more efficient operator.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks. And Liam, as a follow-up, as you think through 5G, you mentioned some early phase coming in, just even intermediate term, are there particular areas that excite you that from an R&D perspective, you'd look to be more opportunistic in terms of how you're evaluating where you're spending R&D?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, no, absolutely, I think couple things. You're going to see a wide range of new frequencies that will come about above 3 gigahertz, up to 6 gigahertz and beyond. That's going to create tremendous filtering opportunities. There's also some topology shifts from today, a 4G world, which is largely FDD, frequency-division duplexing. In 5G, a great deal of the frequencies will be in a TDD zone, time division, so our TC SAW product can play very, very well, even on high frequencies there. And then the level of integration and the amount of noise and interference within these modules, within these handsets is going to be unbelievable. And that requires very crafty solutions from companies like Skyworks to resolve it. So it's going to create a tremendous benefit to the consumer and a great uptake in speed and improvement in latency, but a lot of challenge for players like Skyworks. So we're looking forward to that.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah, hi, guys. Just on the SAW, TC SAW, I was wondering if you could give some color of how your fiscal 2017 grew year-on-year from a SAW, TC SAW perspective, and how would you see fiscal 2018 given the cadence of 5G TDD? Thanks.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, well, we don't – as you may know, we don't sell any of that product discretely, so there's no specific revenue tied to SAW or TC SAW directly. However, you can certainly intimate that we are moving our portfolio up in frequency. We're leveraging our TC SAW now to 2.5 gig and potentially higher over the next couple of quarters. We're looking at all the different nuances in 5G. Again, I've mentioned FDD has a certain standard. TDD has a certain standard. There's implications for filtering. There's implications for switching and how we handle our SkyOne and DRx solutions. All that will come together. I think the important point though is that we have that flexibility, we have a very broad portfolio, all the way from gallium arsenide to switching to packaging and tests in Mexicali, selecting our own filters in-house. And occasionally, if we need to partner with whether it's a filter vendor or a strategic supplier for silicon, we have that in place. So it's going to be all about flexibility and managing the various configurations that we may see with our customers so as these 5G challenges build.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. And if you look at fiscal 2018, if you were to prioritize between the carrier aggregation picking up or .11ax or TDD for 5G, how do you look at what the drivers were for fiscal 2018 from the RF side?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, well, I mean, carrier aggregation is kind of in the middle innings right now and continuing to grow. And that's a sure thing. I mean, there's no question about the adoption on that. It's very hot and it's let get it done as fast as we can. 11ax is a relatively new standard in Wi-Fi. It has tremendous benefits in speed and performance. We'll be there. I think it's really about how that rolls through access points and routers and other end user applications for the most part, so I think those are important. And then the filtering that we discussed, we'll continue to add to our portfolio filters, stretch the frequencies a bit, improve the yields within our factories, and try to grow that through a number of customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. In your mobile products division, what areas do you think offer the most – what types of products offer the most opportunity for content increases in handsets? And where are you investing to build products?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, yeah. What we're seeing, again, is the mid-tier players that want to grow into high global Tier 1s or global Tier 2 brands. Huawei was a great example. Names like Oppo and Vivo are great examples. We're seeing companies like Samsung that have a great high-end portfolio, still hundreds of millions of phones that are in mid-tier that were moving up. And so the way that we're doing it is really to provide enhancements in our transmit chain solutions, which would be our SkyOne product line, trying to give them more output power and create a more efficient solution. We're working hard with our DRx solutions, which have been adopted by some strategic customers that have realized great benefit in improving downlink performance. That technology has not been fully populated so there's quite a bit of opportunity for us to go out and submit new wins there. And then you look at some technologies like Wi-Fi and power management, we have great product and our adoption rate has not been substantial through certain markets and is growing. So we're seeing more and more Wi-Fi now embedded in smartphones throughout Asia, the U.S. has been pretty solid. And we're starting to see just some more advancements in our power portfolio. So all of that is coming together. We look at a name like Huawei, on the Mate 10 phone, where we have $9 or more of content. That's kind of the benchmark that we'd want to see across the entire mobile space.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, everyone. Appreciate you participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and other events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Liam K. Griffin - President and CEO Kris Sennesael - SVP and CFO Mitch Haws - VP of IR
Analysts: Harsh Kumar - Stephens Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. John Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Toshiya Hari - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Kulin Patel - BMO Capital Chris Caso - Raymond James Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley Craig Ellis - B. Riley & Co. David Wong - Wells Fargo Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Securities Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Securities
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' third fiscal quarter 2017 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss include non-GAAP financial measures consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company Web site for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team produced another quarter of strong results in fiscal Q3. Let me begin with a few highlights. We delivered revenue of 901 million, up 20% year-over-year and above consensus, with gross margin of 50.7% and operating margin of 37%. We achieved earnings per share of $1.57, up 27% year-over-year and $0.05 better than consensus. And we continue to generate strong cash flow. Our operating cash flow in the first nine months of fiscal '17 exceeded $1 billion, up 63% compared to the same period last year. In addition to our financial performance, we are aggressively expanding our design win pipeline. In mobile, we are broadening our reach across all premier OEMs. Specifically, we supported Huawei's feature-rich smartphones with SkyOne and SkyLiTE products. We extended proprietary DRx solutions for Samsung's Galaxy platforms. We leveraged SkyOne and SkyLiTE at OPPO, Vivo, ZTE and Sharp to name just a few. And we extended our antenna tuning wins across virtually all of the leading Chinese OEMs. In broad markets, we delivered ZigBee and Wi-Fi devices for Amazon's virtual assistants, ramped LTE MIMO solutions for leading infrastructure OEMs, commenced volume production of 802.11p modules supporting vehicle-to-vehicle communications, released optocouplers supporting healthcare monitoring, unveiled high-efficiency LAA and LTE new solutions for small cell base stations, launched home security sensors and motion detectors at Honeywell and Bosch, and we powered NetGear's latest mesh networking product line leveraging our proprietary 802.11ac technology. So to summarize, we delivered strong financial results above consensus, diversified our design win pipeline across all key market segments and strengthened our balance sheet. In fact, we are targeting in excess of 1.1 billion in free cash flow this fiscal year, while systematically returning cash to our shareholders through buybacks and increasing dividends. Let me remind you, we are still in the very early innings of a massive sea change as big data alters the way we live, work, educate and play. Growth projections around this opportunity are impressive. Global mobile data usage is expected to grow seven times between 2016 and 2021. IoT volumes are exploding with 75 billion devices projected by 2025 and there is still a compelling opportunity to connect the unconnected which today represents over 3 billion people worldwide. As we look to the future, the major stakeholders in this ecosystem will be dependent upon fast, reliable and secure connectivity providing Skyworks with a tremendous opportunity to leverage our systems level solutions and global scale. At Skyworks, we have an ambitious vision. It’s quite simply connecting everyone and everything all the time. The connection could be a smartphone, a screening device, a car, a DR headset, a drone or a foreign factor we haven’t yet imagined. This vision is certainly relevant today and will be increasingly powerful as we look to the future. Anticipating the needs of our customers and end markets, Skyworks strategy to drive integrated system solutions remains a centric theme supporting the success of our business. Our strategy is further underpinned by several key competitive advantages. First, we have developed a broader technology reach and highest performing portfolio moving from power amplifier switches and filters to advanced SkyOne and DRx platforms. Second, we engage at a deep level with the most innovative and influential companies in the wireless ecosystem working side-by-side, engineer-to-engineer to resolve challenges we see today and those we anticipate in the future. Finally, we have global manufacturing assets and scale providing us with an ability to deliver unique form factors and world-class quality across a broad set of applications in customers. Moving forward, we will continue to play a leadership role in unwiring the planet, extending our reach across new markets and enabling billions or connected devices. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a review of Q3 and our outlook for the current quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter was 901 million, up 20% compared to Q3 of last year and exceeding our guidance and consensus estimates. Gross profit was 457 million or 50.7% of revenue, up 30 basis points sequentially. Operating expenses were 123 million. As a result, we generated 333 million of operating income translating into an operating margin of 37%, up 30 basis points sequentially. Our tax rate was 12.7%, driving net income of 293 million or $1.57 of diluted earnings per share, exceeding our guidance by $0.05. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash flow from operations was 314 million, an increase of 123% year-over-year. Capital expenditures were 113 million. Dividends paid in the quarter were 52 million and we repurchased 1.3 million shares of our common stock for a total of 129 million. We ended the third quarter with a cash balance of 1.4 billion, up nearly 50% from Q3 last year and we have no debt. Now moving to our outlook for fiscal Q4. For the fourth quarter of 2017, we anticipate our revenue to be 980 million. At this revenue level, we expect gross margin expansion to 51% with operating expenses of 124 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly 1 million in other income and a tax rate of 13.5%. We expect our diluted share count do be approximately 186 million shares. Accordingly, we plan to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.75. Finally, we announced today a 14% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.32 per share. With that, I will turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin: Thank you, Kris. Clearly, Skyworks continues to demonstrate momentum in our business. Our Q4 guidance reflects record financial performance with 17% revenue growth and 19% EPS growth on a year-over-year basis. Skyworks outperformance is driven by a vibrant dynamic mobile ecosystem, one that rewards companies who can resolve architectural complexities with simplified integrated solutions. At a higher level, Skyworks is well positioned to capitalize on the rapidly approaching 5G technology wave, enabling new markets from autonomous vehicles to emerging segments in artificial intelligence, robotics and virtual reality. In closing, we are focused on creating significant shareholder value while executing on our ambitious vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let’s open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Harsh Kumar at Stephens. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Hi, guys. Fantastic execution in the quarter. I just had a simple question. Liam, you just put up a 20% growth rate. You’re guiding for 17. I think from previous conversations with your company, I remember you talk about 3%, 4% unit growth, content growth of 10 to 15 minus some ASP, but you seem to be doing a lot better than that as a company even when your biggest customer is sort of flattish, call it. What is working here at a broad level? And I have a follow up.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, sure. Thank you, Harsh. Well, a couple of things. One of the points I’d like to make is that we really are making great strides on expanding the reach of our portfolio, the content reach, innovating more and more with higher end platforms, adding customers. We’ve named several in the prepared remarks. The other thing I’d like to point out and we didn’t comment on this in the script but in our Q4, our current quarter, we’re going to get our broad market’s business on a $1 billion annualized revenue run rate. So we’re going to be above 250 million. That side of the business has been growing double digits. And then you add what we’re doing with mobile by expanding reach, you put that together and I think that’s really the catalyst behind that top line.
Harsh Kumar: And my follow up, Liam or Kris feel free to comment here. You talked about outpacing the industry growth. I was curious how you’re looking at the industry growth in the next 6 to 12 to 18 to 24 months and how do you think you will do relative to that, how much better can you do relative to that?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, we still think that the content momentum in mobile is compelling. If you look at this ecosystem we talked about and the number of stakeholders that drive a mobile economy, right, whether it’s Netflix or Amazon or Google, we know all these companies are making tremendous profits and leveraging mobile. So when we look out, we do see a significant content opportunity for high-performance integrate systems. That’s what we do. So the market’s still looks good. It’s hard to characterize the total unit base because there’s a lot of mix shifts, but mobile is getting more and more value within semiconductors and our ability to address that continues to expand.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we go to Blayne Curtis at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Liam, I was wondering when you look at the September quarter, actually the whole back half, maybe you can just talk about the ramp of the North American smartphone guys versus prior years? There’s been a lot of talk about a later ramp. Just curious what’s your embedding into the second half for yourself?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Blayne, thank you. We actually are seeing a predictable cycle with our largest customer and the areas that we can control are around content reach and our ability to drive technology. We feel really good about that part of the equation. And our backlog visibility and forward-looking momentum, we feel very comfortable with it. So we’ve worked with our largest customer for years. We feel good about the cycle. And we also have a very broad mix across legacy, new models and also portfolio of non-mobile products within that account.
Blayne Curtis: Great. Then I want to ask you there’s a lot of concern throughout the quarter, some of the sales data out of China for domestic China were a little soft for last couple of months. Obviously, it’s a complex equation. They could be exporting or we heard last night from Qualcomm about a mix shift to the high end. I’m just kind of curious to your perspective in that entire market and what you’re seeing also into the second half?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. China again there’s spots of weakness I think more in the 3G, 2G area. The high end as you articulated is solid. Huawei is a big, big player for us now; OPPO and Vivo also important. In Q3, we were up in China and we’re going to be up slightly in Q4. Q2 for us, the March quarter, was more of a challenge. We modeled through that. But Q3 up a little bit and then Q4 again probably flat to up single digits.
Operator: And next, we go to Rick Schafer at Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rick Schafer: Thanks. I’ll add my congratulations. I guess my first question is just on CapEx. I guess it roughly doubled quarter-to-quarter. Maybe you can provide some more color on what’s driving that? Was it capacity adds for Mexicali? Was it anything to do with the buy [ph] effort? And how we should maybe model CapEx going forward?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so CapEx tend to be a little bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter and typically it’s higher in the second half of our fiscal year and then lower in the first half of the fiscal year. But we target to have our CapEx on or about high single digits percent to revenue. Most of that CapEx is of course driven by a strong revenue growth that translate into more units and so we’re making the necessary investments in our program fabs as well as our backend operation, assembly and test and our filter operation. And for filter operation it’s not only expanding or increasing the capacity but also making sure we’re making the necessary technology investments to be able to provide a higher content for richer filter portfolio.
Rick Schafer: Got it, thanks. And then maybe a higher level one for Liam. How does the current situation between Apple and Qualcomm affect Skyworks, if at all?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, we really at this point don’t see any effect on us and we certainly support our customer and we’ll do whatever we need to do to help them be successful at this point.
Operator: And now we go to John Vinh with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Vinh: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Kris, a question for you is I was wondering if you could give us the breakout between broad markets and mobile. And then, Liam, follow-ups that you had mentioned about getting to 250 million in broad markets, was that kind of a Q4 commentary or was that somewhere outside of Q4?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so broad markets in Q3 was approximately 27% of total revenue and mobile 73%.
Liam K. Griffin: John, with respect to broad market in Q4, we’re looking for that 250 handle in Q4 and obviously continuing from there. So that would represent the $1 billion run rate. Broad markets has been performing very well and we put a lot of investment and effort around that in our portfolio around Wi-Fi, around ZigBee, even LTE in some cases is really helping propel that momentum across really high-level diversification across customers and then products.
John Vinh: Great, thank you. And then my follow-up question is around DRx. You guys seem to be doing extremely well in that market. I was wondering if you could just talk about how much runway do you see left there. Obviously it looks like a lot of the flagship phones today have uplink and downlink. Should we think about most of that growth opportunity to be in China and at other customers, or can you just help us quantify that?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. The DRx technology, I know that you study that and you recognize the value that it brings to downlink communication in mobile. It’s a big deal. And with this whole ecosystem that we discussed and the amount of data that’s being driven through mobile, the DRx technologies are more valuable than ever. Just like our movement toward SkyOne on the transmit chain. We see a continuous evolution with more content, more complexity, more opportunity. So you have – filling up the unit perspective, introducing DRx to customers that don’t have it and then there’s the continuous upgrade cycle with customers that have enjoyed that product and benefitted from it, yet want more. So we see that as really kind of the mirror image of what we’ve done in transmit chain and the content opportunity continuing to expand.
John Vinh: Thank you.
Operator: And now we go to Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the good results and the consistently strong execution. Liam, for my first question, when I look at the implied mobile guidance for September, it sounds like it’s up about 10%, 11% sequential which is somewhat below seasonality. So it is possible that you have predictable outlook at your large customer but still the ramp is somewhat backend loaded? And if that’s right, then is it possible that December or March are perhaps better than seasonal for your mobile business?
Kris Sennesael: Well, I’m not sure how your math works because we are guiding for the September quarter to be up 17% year-over-year which is up 9% sequentially.
Vivek Arya: Right. But when I look at the growth, Kris, then from your broad markets business, it implies the mobile business would be slightly better than 9%, so up 11% or so sequential. I’m just looking at that sequential and comparing it to your historical September, right, which tends to grow up substantially more than that. So I’m just trying to think whether that is because perhaps the upper ramp is maybe pushed out a little bit this year even though it is not really changed versus your expectations?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, we’ll have to triangulate on the math. What I can tell you is the outlook that we have in Q4 is solid. It represents record performance. We’re not guiding Q1 but I think it’s safe to say that you should expect continued growth into Q1. And so maybe some of that will flush through on your math. But we can discuss offline if we need to triangulate.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then as my follow up, a longer term question, Liam. I’m on the same page as far as all the long-term trends and the leverage to big data in mobile and IoT are concerned. The question is what can you do to reduce the reliance on Apple that is still close to 40% of your sales and has been that way over the last several years? Right now they are in front of a very good product cycle and in another year or so, right, they will probably start to decelerate at some point. So just conceptually how do you think about reducing reliance on Apple at some point?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, as the data represents, the broad market business has been on a substantial growth rate starting with relatively low numbers a few years back and now it’s a $1 billion business. We talked about what we’ve done with Huawei. We’ve talked about what we’ve done at Samsung. We’ve introduced a rich product line throughout China. The IoT business within broad market has been incredible for us and it leverages different technologies. And with respect to our largest customer, we’re going to win all the business we can with that account and that’s not going to stop. So I think if you weave all that together, that’s our strategy. And also you have to look at the market value of the opportunity across customers if you look at how the shares break out. It’s important to be balanced and we certainly are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder at Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. And speaking more to the mobile question, Liam, do you expect this year that you might wind up on more different SKUs with your largest customers; last year on the Qualcomm SKU? Is that going to be the case in this year or things are going to be little different when you get a piece of the Intel?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, we expect to have solid position with all of the basebands that our largest customer use, we feel very good about that. We refresh our product line in ways that make sense. We have a technology reach that’s expanded. We’ve demonstrated our ability to work with multi baseband providers just by looking out through the market, whether it’s HiSilicon, whether it’s Qualcomm, whether it’s Intel or MediaTek. I think you know we’ve demonstrated diversification and our ability to link and synch up and calibrate with baseband. Nothing’s different with our largest customer. We will demonstrate the same level of performance.
Edward Snyder: Just as a way of clarification, I know you had content on all SKUs last year but your concentration content was mostly with Qualcomm I think on the last model. And then to follow up on the DRx question was posed earlier here, I know you’re talking general there’s a lot of growth here. But more specifically now that cellular MIMO is coming into some of these flagship phones, doesn’t that cause a significant increase, maybe even a doubling – maybe not doubling depending on the content but certainly in terms of units or modules, don’t we see a significant maybe doubling and tripling of DRx modules to support cellular MIMO?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, absolutely. I think that’s a significant trend. Very early innings right now but the important part is getting the baseline right, which we’ve done and then starting to move that technology forward and then having the multiplication effect of MIMO architectures is going to be a great opportunity. And as you know, what it does for the user, what it does for data delivery is incredible. So the value of that technology is good for us but it’s great for the ecosystem, it’s great for the end customer.
Operator: And next we have Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thanks so much. My first question is on gross margins. Kris, I think gross margins of Skyworks has been relatively stable over the past, say, four to six quarters despite revenue being weaker a year ago and now much stronger today. So basically we haven’t seen much leverage to the upside nor the downside. Can you remind us what the long-term goal is for you guys in terms of gross margins?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, our target is to get to 53% and we are making good progress towards that target. In Q3 we added 30 basis points. We Q4, we guide another 30 basis points. And of course in the December quarter, we expect on higher revenue further improvements on the gross margin as well.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. And then as a follow up kind of related to that, you guys have talked about in-sourcing filters going forward and that being an opportunity to improve gross margins. Can you remind us where you are in that process? And again, what the end goal is there? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Currently we have approximately 50% of the filters in-house. As we ramp in the second half of calendar year '17, here a new set of platforms that will further increase probably towards the 75%. And then we will continue to work on that in '18. Probably at the max, we will reach 90%.
Operator: And next we go to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kulin Patel: Hi. This is Kulin Patel calling in for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my question. My first is a follow up on the gross margin question. On a year-over-year basis, you’re guiding September quarter revenues up 17% year-over-year but your GM is flat. Could you help us understand – you talked about issues on expanding GM, but what is offsetting that? Why aren’t we seeing a year-over-year increase?
Kris Sennesael: There’s a lot of puts and takes that’s going to gross margin. Obviously on the revenue side you have pricing and mix shifts, although there from a pricing point of view there is no real change, it’s a relatively stable environment. From a mix point of view, we continue to work on bringing more complex, more integrated, more value-added products to the market. We’re growing our broad market business which is slightly above average gross margin and so that helps a little bit there. Then on the cost side, of course, we continue to execute on our driving operational efficiencies, yield improvement, test time reduction, sourcing actions as well as our in-sourcing. Also keep in mind that our days of inventory right now is approximately 10% lower than it was a year ago. So when you put that altogether, again I feel comfortable that we can continue to further improve gross margins towards our target level of 53%.
Kulin Patel: Thanks. And on the capital allocation, you recently announced increasing dividend. How does that synch in with your capital allocation? And can you remind us on your capital allocation framework?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, absolutely. So first of all, I feel good about the balance sheet. We have $1.4 billion of cash and no debt. Keep in mind that roughly half of that cash is onshore, half of that cash is offshore. Secondly, I feel really strong about our ability to generate cash on a year-to-date basis. Our free cash flow margin is approximately 31%, again taking into account roughly half of the cash being generated is onshore, half is offshore. And in terms of returning cash to the shareholders, our stated goal is that we want to return 40% to 50% of the free cash flow back to the shareholders using our dividend program and share buyback program. Actually year-to-date, it’s approximately 60% that we have returned, 60% of the free cash flow. We are very active with our share buyback program. Last quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares or $129 million and we have our dividend program which we announced today that we increase it by 14% increasing the dividend from $0.28 per share to $0.32 per share.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Chris Caso at Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso: Thank you. Good afternoon. I wonder if you could walk us through now with your guidance for September up 17% year-on-year, where did that comes from as best you can in terms of [indiscernible] where the growth in content comes. And I guess if I remember correctly, the first half of last year there was some inventory burn with your largest customer. So is it correct in thinking that this year-on-year comp is now a cleaner year-on-year comp?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Chris. Yes, this is definitely a cleaner year-on-year comp. I’ll start with that. And if you look at the outlook here, 17% up in Q4 and then again we expect to be up in Q1. We haven’t guided but we expect to be up. You’ve got a couple things happening. You’ve got a predicable mobile cycle and Skyworks having some real strong content aligned with that mobile cycle, so that’s a positive. We’re continuing to do well in the broad markets. The IoT space within broad markets is solid. And then again, I think if you just look out at some of these new accounts that we’ve been developing beyond our largest Samsung numbers, the Huawei numbers, elements of China all contribute to that. But it’s a mobile-driven second half. We’re in excellent position for it. Our visibility is real solid and we expect to be able to drive the right kind of performance. Q4, as we outlined, is a record for us. Q4 with our guidance of 980, it’s record revenue and it’s record EPS and it’s not going to be the peak quarter in the calendar year. So I think there’s more to come.
Chris Caso: Okay. As a follow-on to that, how should we be thinking about content this year at your largest customer? And I guess for one, are you still expecting that to be up year-on-year? And then is it any way mix dependent? And like this year, there may be some differences in terms of models [indiscernible]. Is your content dependent to some extent on some of that mix going forward?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, we can’t get into too much detail here with our largest customer but we are confident in what we’ve modeled financially. We completely understand what we’ve won with respect to content and we completely understand where the mix is and having all that flush through with our guidance. It’s lined up very well in the position that we have with backlog is solid and the other accounts around that, we have very good visibility. So that’s where we are at this point.
Operator: Next, we go to Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vinayak Rao: Hi. This is Vinayak calling in for Craig. I had a follow up on China. So you said you’re expecting China to be flat to up slightly in September. How does that compare to a typical seasonality? And secondly, what potential do you see in the region for content growth? Where are you now and where do you see the content heading over the next two to three years?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. With respect to typical seasonality, normally we don’t see going into September a big part from China. It’s kind of a neutral period. That’s been our history anyway. But we continue to grow overall the revenues in China. So on a sequential basis we look at it as slightly up, nothing substantial. China year-over-year for Skyworks is still a double digit grower. With respect to content, I think that’s the real story for us and we talked a lot about names like Huawei where we posted very significant content approaching $9 to $10 with P9 and make [ph] series phones. OPPO and Vivo, they’re kind of moving up the food chain not quite at the Huawei level in terms of performance or content but moving up. And we’re a big, big player in the lower end of China. That’s not our game. We do have some broad reach with MediaTek positions that do get us into some of the 3G markets and some of the other 4G markets. But content is a key element. We’re starting to rollout our antenna tuning platforms now into China, the DRx attached in the mid-tier China really is early innings again. So there’s a lot more to do in China but the current position that we have right now is solid.
Vinayak Rao: Got it. That’s helpful. As a follow up, wanted to talk about your positioning for carrier agg, like with increasing penetration of carrier aggregation as we see a lot of mixing of bands in the mid and high band, how are you positioned there if you’re strategy focusing there with multiplexers that involve TC SAW filters? Eventually would you require BAR filters there and that’s something which you look for partners or some of it captive solution? How are you positioned for carrier aggregation?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. We’re actually delivering carrier aggregation based solutions; we’ve been doing that for years. The SkyOne technology which is more transmit chain integrating multimode, multiband PA with switching and high-performance filtering, delivering CA uplink. On the DRx side, the category we discussed on a few questions already today, the diversity received technology is providing carrier aggregation on the downlink and there’s a variety of filters depending upon the bands that you’re engaged with. It could be a standard SAW, TC SAW, bulk acoustic wave or a technology that – it could even use a passive device in some cases. We’re very well positioned and we’re looking forward to carrier aggregation. It has been one of the catalysts that’s driven content expansion through mobile and through the whole RF space and I think it will continue to increase. For us now, the DRx category where we’ve led has been really illustrating the performance of CA on the downlink, as I mentioned, it’s a big deal. But the DRx category has been lightly populated with just a handful of meaningful accounts. We have a long way to go to roll that out globally. So we’re in good position.
Operator: And next we go to Craig Ellis with B. Riley Financial. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the quarter.
Liam K. Griffin: Thanks, Craig.
Craig Ellis: [Indiscernible] topics that have been hit on but in a holistic and longer-term way. As we look at the last couple of years for the company, you’ve had a very good rate of growth driving SkyOne and SkyLiTE into your customer base and then more recently diversity received has come along. As we look out over the next 12 to 18 months, what will represent that third leg of growth for the company? Is it MIMO on the diversity side or are you seeing some new content opportunities that could be somewhat similar to the diversity received where it gives you a net new content opportunity?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, that’s a great question, Craig, so a couple of things. We do believe and I think this is mentioned by one of the analyst already today. MIMO is real. It’s going to produce significant gains in data rate and performance in content generated back and forth in the phone to the cloud. And MIMO is going to be a big deal for us. So we have the technology in place to deliver and that could be substantial. There’s some other technologies that we’re looking at with our filtering portfolio. For Skyworks there’s a lot of customers that we have that use the SkyLiTE architecture which excludes filtering. So the filtering is handled on a discrete basis. We deliver everything else and we meet together. We want to drive that towards integration. That would be a benefit for us. The broad market in IoT space continues to look good and we’re starting to see a migration as examples with one of the leading home surveillance companies, video companies where we started with a light-duty Wi-Fi device with relatively low content. And now the technology is moving to real-time streaming and 4K. And the value for us, the content opportunity goes up 3X to 4X and that’s just with one example. So there’s IoT in units and then there’s IoT in content. And then again in classical mobile, you’ve got the high end looking at MIMO, you have the mid-tier and low-tier looking at DRx and SkyOne with filters for the first time. So all of those things come together and that’s kind of in your 18 to 24-month horizon. If you go out beyond that, we do think within 5G there’s going to be a whole new set of opportunities that are going to be driven by the 5G capabilities; higher data rate, lower latency. Things like autonomous vehicles should be very strategic to Skyworks and some other applications. But we have a pretty good line of sight over the next couple of years on where the market’s going to go and it’s our job to be ready to deliver products.
Craig Ellis: Just a follow up there on 5G. I think it was in the last two months that another company that’s in your ZIP code indicated that their expectation [indiscernible] for your device partners and your infrastructure partners on the broad market side for when you’ll start to see some impact for that business. And will we see it more on the handset side or the broad market side for Skyworks?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, I missed some of your question there but I’ll try to answer it the way I believe I heard it. So on the handset side what we are seeing and again this is a few years out, we’re seeing 5G engines will augment existing 4G technology. So it’s a case where you’re going to have an incremental slice of content to handle the higher frequency bands in 5G and some of the CA in downlink work required for 5G. So that will be an incremental value in mobile. On the infrastructure side, there’s going to be a very substantial upgrade cycle going on to deliver 5G technology. So that could be – as you know, we have technologies there. There’s also going to be I think a proliferation of small cell technology kind of in the metro areas around 5G and we’ll participate there as well. So you’ve got a mobile side, you’ve got classic infrastructure and then you have the small cell space.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David Wong: Thanks very much. Within your broad markets, do you have all the technologies and key products you’d like to have to develop businesses of the rate you want, or are there specific new capabilities you’re either developing in-house or thinking about acquiring?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Now that’s a great question. We could always do more. We could always add to the broad market portfolio for sure. Today, what has been really the key for us is the connectivity portion of IoT in broad markets. So within IoT really just delivering whether it’s ZigBee, or Bluetooth or Wi-Fi or GPS, Skyworks is able to attach to these applications. Other parts of broad market like infrastructure can bring in a whole different set of products. You can have A to Zs and Z to As and power management and other things. But I will tell you that our reach in the broad markets is expanding. And as we start to build better relationships and stronger partnerships with more and more companies, non-mobile companies in many cases, we’re learning more about what the architectures look like. So there’s been several occasions where you’ve got an initial design win with a broad market customer on a certain component and that’s led to an expansion in the relationship and opportunity and we succeeded with adding content in new applications. So we want to continue to do that. But definitely connectivity has been a key but there’s a lot of things around connectivity that we could wrap up and lever into our system solutions much like what we’ve done in mobile where we started with power amplifiers and then brought in switching and then brought in filtering and now deliver that as a single engine in SkyOne or DRx on the downlink.
David Wong: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, guys. Just going back to the seasonality as you go to end of the year, you look at the December quarter, do you expect a similar trend as you saw last year where I think last year you had an up 9%? Or put another way, do you expect to see this same 17% to 20% year-on-year growth continuing to the back half as well?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, we’re not going to give you a full guidance for December. But certainly you should expect a sequential increase similar to what we’ve been seeing over the last – we’re not sure how it will roll up at this point. We’re not going to guide the fourth quarter but it will certainly be up.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And as you look at – you talked about 1.4 billion cash on hand and 1 billion plus of free cash flow now. Any thought on if you’re looking at diversifying your business M&A, any thoughts around that? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: So in terms of M&A, we haven’t changed our view. So we feel really good about our organic business, the ability to grow the top line and grow the bottom line to record levels. So we definitely are not desperate. But having said that, as we look at multiple potential targets out there, we keep our eyes open and if the right target comes along at the right price, we’ll definitely have a look at it.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie Securities. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you for squeezing me in. Hi, guys.
Liam K. Griffin: Hi.
Srini Pajjuri: A question about China. As you look out to next year’s design, I guess – you’re probably bidding for next year’s design cycle in China. Now I’m just curious as to if you’re seeing any change to competitive environment in a Qualcomm, TDK as well as the fact that the BAR filter availability has improved at your competitors?
Liam K. Griffin: There wasn’t anything new related to TDK-Qualcomm. The filters were available before, they’re still available now. I don’t think that that’s changed. What we do see in China though and this is a really important dynamic is that finally now the market leader in China Huawei who for years really kind of drove a mid-tier connectivity architecture, they’re now driving a high-tier connectivity architecture and that’s a big difference and that’s an opportunity for us to bring $9, $10 of content to the market and we’ve demonstrated that. We’re starting to see the mid-tier move in cycle. Maybe not quite up to that level but they’re also seeing the benefit of connectivity within their build of material in the benefit of high-speed data and what that means to their consumer and how that allows them to sell more and more phones. So we see some really nice upgrade cycles there. One of our partners – we have a lot of designs with Qualcomm in the region. We have a lot of designs with MediaTek in the region. And then if you go to Huawei which is the flagship account, that’s HiSilicon. And our relationship there engineer-to-engineer in the lab developing unique architectures has been outstanding. So we’ve got quite a bit of diversification. There hasn’t been a big change. But I think today the catalyst towards moving upstream and adding more value from the OEM perspective is playing out really well for us here at Skyworks.
Srini Pajjuri: Great. And then my follow-up, I guess more of a longer-term. Liam, you mentioned 5G if it happens in the next couple of years. I’m just curious as to what type of filtered technology will be used? I guess there are two different sets of frequencies; one is sub 6 gigahertz and then we’re also hearing about millimeter wave. And I want to hear your thoughts and how well your positioned in both of these different frequency ranges?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, sure. Well one of the things that you also need to mention is kind of the way that the duplexing is going on. So you’ve got in China this FDD, frequency division duplexing, or TDD, time division duplexing and that’s a big, big issue around filters. That’s going to drive what filters you select. So in addition to just the frequency bands themselves and how high those frequencies go, you have to look at the duplexing technology. So one of the things we are seeing is in TDD, time division duplexing, you can use TC SAW. You don’t need bulk acoustic wave. And in FDD frequency division where this is more of a burden, the bulk acoustic wave technology plays there. A shift in 5G is actually opening up more opportunity as the market’s moving to time division. So that’s one important point. Beyond that, the temperature compensated devices that we have today have a reach that goes up to 2.5 gig and we’re continuing to push higher in mid-band. So one of the things that you have at Skyworks is we have a lot of greenfield in our filtering capabilities. We can go as low as 600 megahertz all the way to 2.5 and potentially higher with TC SAW. When you jump to 5G and you move to TDD time division, there’s a whole new opportunity for us that doesn’t necessarily require bulk acoustic wave.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam K. Griffin: Well, thank you all for participating on today’s call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and other events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc. Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton Mike A. Burton - Longbow Research
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2017 conference call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance discussed today include non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practice. Please refer to our press release at the Investor Relations section of our website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team produced another quarter of strong results in fiscal Q2. Let me begin with a few highlights. We delivered revenue of $852 million, up 10% year-over-year and above consensus, with gross margin of 50.4% and operating margin of 36.7%. We achieved earnings per share of $1.45, up 16% year-over-year and $0.05 better than consensus. And we continue to generate strong cash flow. Our operating cash flow in the first half of fiscal 2017 reached $732 million, up 46% as compared to the same period last year. In addition to our financial performance, we are aggressively expanding our design win pipeline. In mobile, we are extending our reach across all premier smartphone OEMs. Specifically, we enabled Huawei's P10 and P10+ models with low, mid and high-band SkyOne solutions, along with antenna tuner, carrier aggregation switching and power management devices. We powered Samsung's Galaxy S8 platform with proprietary DRx and SkyOne solutions, as well as GPS and DC/DC converters. And we secured reference design sockets across MediaTek's next generation architectures. In IoT, we supported Cisco's enterprise-grade MIMO gateways, delivered analog control ICs across Nintendo's gaming platforms, including the recently introduced Switch console, ramped audio solutions for Sonos' high-fidelity wireless speakers, captured Wi-Fi mesh networking wins at Google and Plume, deployed high-power smart meter devices for Itron, and we launched custom solutions for Fitbit, Garmin and LG. Finally, we secured strategic design wins at three leading automotive manufacturers, leveraging our advanced LTE modules supporting high-reliability connectivity, GPS and data transport capabilities. As our results demonstrate, Skyworks is capitalizing on powerful macro trends, diversifying across new markets and advancing our technology leadership. We support fast-growing mobile and IoT ecosystems, which are becoming increasingly more profitable. The stakeholders in these ecosystems are monetizing vast flows of data, while fostering entirely new wireless-centric business models. This dynamic is creating a new trillion-dollar economy, underpinned by e-commerce, mobile advertising, social media, and cloud-based services. High-speed, reliable, always-on connectivity is at the heart of this secular trend. With connected platforms requiring scores of complex devices working across dozens of frequency bands in an increasingly crowded spectrum. Skyworks addresses this complexity with a collaborative, systems-level approach, working closely with customers to create streamlined architectures. This demands technology breadth and depth, along with flexibility and configurability and showing the highest levels of performance. Our scale, innovative designs, robust quality and world-class supply chain provide us with significant competitive advantages. Within the mobile market, we facilitate the data creation and storage that allow today's smartphones to transmit and receive immense amounts of content, supporting multimedia streaming, social networking, gaming and virtual reality. We create highly integrated solution, leveraging our skills in amplification, filtering, tuning, power management and packaging, to continuously drive better performance. For example, our SkyOne and DRx platforms are gaining significant design traction, seamlessly delivering uplink and downlink carrier aggregation and global roaming capabilities. In addition to mobile, connectivity is proliferating into an adjacent set of IoT markets. Industry projections model IoT volumes to expand five-fold, reaching 75 billion units by 2025, with significant growth in areas such as connected home, smart grid, factory automation, wearables and virtual assistants. Skyworks' broad capabilities, spanning all major wireless protocols including Wi-Fi, GPS, LTE, Bluetooth and ZigBee, uniquely position us to capitalize on this immense opportunity. Looking ahead, we continue to address a growing set of vibrant end markets across developed and emerging economies, covering both mobile and IoT. At the same time, we are preparing for a significant 5G upgrade cycle, yet another catalyst fueling our business while leveraging our technology depth and systems expertise. As these powerful market forces accelerate, we are playing a leadership role in unwiring the planet, extending our reach across new markets and enabling billions of connected devices. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for an overview of our Q2 financials and outlook for Q3.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter was $852 million, exceeding our guidance and consensus estimates. Revenue grew 10% compared to Q2 of last year. Gross profit was $429 million or 50.4% of revenue, with operating expenses of $116 million. As a result, we generated $313 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 36.7%. Our tax rate was 13%, driving net income of $272 million or $1.45 of diluted earnings per share, exceeding our guidance by $0.05. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash flow from operations was $236 million, an increase of 53% year-over-year. Capital expenditures were $55 million, roughly 6% of sales. Dividends paid in the quarter were $52 million, and we repurchased 1 million shares of our common stock for a total of $95 million. And, finally, we ended the second quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion and no debt. Now, moving to our outlook for fiscal Q3. For the third fiscal quarter of 2017, we anticipate our revenue to be $890 million. At this revenue level, we expect gross margin expansion within a range of 50.5% to 51%; with operating expenses of $122 million, as we continue to invest in grow initiatives, including our IoT business. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $0.5 million in other expense and a tax rate of 14%. We expect our share count do be approximately 186 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of our gross margin guidance, we plan to generate earnings per share of $1.52. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kris. In summary, as our second quarter results and guidance illustrate, Skyworks is gaining momentum. Our outlook for Q3 reflects accelerating performance, with 18% revenue growth and 23% earnings per share growth on a year-over-year basis. We are clearly capitalizing on the highly profitable wireless ecosystem, underpinned by explosive growth in the new connected economy. Skyworks is leveraging these powerful macro trends, pushing the technology envelope and extending our product reach to enable the world's most exciting communications platform. In closing, we are well-positioned to create shareholder value while executing on our ambitious vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer. Go ahead, please.
Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. And congratulations on a nice quarter, guys. I guess my first question, maybe I'll just go right to China, what trends are you guys seeing there with the handset guys? Is there any sense of maybe any impact that you guys are or are not seeing from any excess inventory there? And then maybe part of that answer, if you could talk about sort of what you're looking for in terms of the content gains there, sort of in aggregate with your Chinese OEM customers?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. I mean, in the Q2 period, we did see the market demonstrate some weakness, specifically – again, in China – specifically in the Tier 2, Tier 3 guys. So we did see some of that. We had forecasted much of that in our plan. And at the same time, with the second and third tier guys falling down a bit, we saw some real strength with higher end players. Huawei being at the top of the pack with some great content, where we're now adding multiple bands of SkyOne, DRx technology, DC/DC technology, and platforms that are approaching $8 to $10 in value. And then the mid-tier players like Oppo and Vivo did okay as well. So the lower end of China was weak, the higher end was strong. Little bit of a correction there that we were able to model and come through, and we see that market getting better here as we go into the second half.
Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then, maybe as a follow-up, if we could talk just a minute about Mexicali, sort of what the level of revenue that Mexicali can support for you guys today. Basically, what capacity I guess is today. And what kind of investments you guys have planned there to stay ahead of your top line growth? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. We're running our back end operation pretty much at full capacity, but we have an ongoing CapEx investment to extend the capacity there in that facility. As you know, our CapEx is running on or about 7%, 8% of total revenue. And the vast majority of that CapEx goes into that back end facility.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. And one other thing to add, Rick, is that what we are seeing here and our strategy is driving is that we're selling more and more and building more and more integrated solutions. So what was a unit in Mexicali five years ago may have been a discrete PA, and now we're dealing with very complex integrated devices, whether it's SkyOne or DRx. It's actually, net-net, more favorable for us. We can control that production. We can control the actual build of those complex devices. It changes the dynamic a little bit on CapEx, but it's been definitely favorable for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Go ahead, please.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thank you for taking the question. The first question is just a clarification on the quarter. Nice to see the upside strength in revenues. Guys, where was the business a little bit stronger than you expected? And, Kris, can you give us the typical breakdown in segment revenues across the three businesses?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Craig. I'll start with the Q2 puts and takes. Generally, a strong quarter for us, seasonal down period, but we're happy with our ability to upside our results. We saw some really good strength in our broad markets; let me start there. The broad market business on a year-over-year basis is up about 18%. That portfolio now is getting near a $1 billion run rate annually. So we're real pleased with that. We saw some nice uptake in some of our other mobile customers, specifically Samsung and Huawei, very good. China, we talked about. Open Market China, a little bit soft. And the balance of the business in good shape. So the big drivers really were broad markets, and then Samsung and Huawei as primaries.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So the breakout was, broad market was slightly above 25%. As Liam just said, we continue to see nice sequential growth in the high-single digits, as well as really nice year-over-year growth in the high-double digits. And so, on the flip side, of course, mobile, which include integrated mobile in our PA business, was slightly below 75% of total revenue.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: All right. That's helpful. And then the second question is more of a longer term question, Liam. It's nice to see the business essentially back to double-digit top line growth. Can you talk about the visibility you have into sustainable levels of double-digit growth which was the company's hallmark for many years. And as we look at the longer term potential, can you just frame for us how you look at seasonality in the calendar third and calendar fourth quarter for the business, as it now runs? Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, I'll start with the high-level theme and then we'll hit the second half of the year. So we are absolutely convinced and have great deal of visibility into the trends around mobile and IoT and where the markets are going. I think it starts with this ecosystem that we've talked about with a tremendous cast of major, major players that thrive on a mobile economy, right? You look at the results from Amazon today, as an example. So we continue to see rich content, very complex architectures, road maps from our leading accounts that require more and more the kind of stuff that Skyworks does well. More integration, more creative designs, all about performance, all about performance. So we see that continuing. It's not a 2017 or 2018. This is a secular theme. At the same time, we're seeing IoT proliferate and we're seeing a Wi-Fi portfolio, our Bluetooth portfolio, our ZigBee portfolio move into more and more end markets and expand our customer set. So that is all real good, and it's all macro and we're looking forward to continuing to capitalize. More to the near term, in terms of the calendar year and the seasonality. We just went through our low point of the quarter in Q2 with good results. We guided up here in Q3. But the real big part of our year is the second half of the calendar, right? So Q4, Q1, we expect those numbers to continue to be up meaningfully, double-digits, into the mid-teens on both quarters. And getting into Q1, should be again a really strong quarter for us. So we're well-positioned for that. Our Q3 guidance reflects some of that. But as you start to look out over the next couple of quarters, we see accelerating growth.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Harsh Kumar with Stephens. Go ahead, please.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Hey. Thanks, guys. Congratulations on tremendous results. Liam, with your Japanese filter sort of fab and factory completed and now you're generating tremendous amount of cash flow, have your goals for drop-through margins changed at all? And I think you guys had a $8 long-term earnings goal. Is that something you guys are willing to talk about or up it?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Harsh, and I'll take that. First of all, when looking at the gross margin, I'm very pleased with the Q2 operational results. Gross margin came in at 50.4%. That was 20 basis points higher than what we expected and guided to. And so, looking ahead, as Liam just indicated, we are looking and expecting three quarters of strong sequential top line growth here in the June, September and December quarter. And we also expect three quarters of sequential gross margin improvements, as we benefit from the revenue growth, as we, of course, continue to drive further operational efficiencies, and as we continue to benefit from the filter in-sourcing. And so, all that will help us to make further progress towards our target model of 53% gross margin and 40% operating margin. And so, we continue to make good progress there.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Great. And then as my follow-up perhaps, may I ask you, Liam, you talked a lot about the IoT business. I was wondering if you could size it for us. Perhaps, maybe give us some color on what it's growing at and maybe what your margins are at in this business?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So within our – our broad market business is on a run rate, as I indicated, of close to $1 billion. So we're not quite $250 million a quarter, but we're getting near there. IoT is about 70% of that revenue, roughly. So it's been a double-digit grower. It continues to be the leading catalyst for us in broad market. The customer set, as I noted, has expanded. The other thing that's a real benefit, and it's early now, but IoT is starting to move up in complexity. It's no longer just drop in a couple of Wi-Fi devices. We're starting to see filtering needs in IoT. We're starting to see LTEs with real cellular engines introduced into IoT. Our GPS technology is proliferating through IoT applications. So it's modeling content much like cell phone content was in 2002 or 2003, very basic, kind of lower connectivity. But then, as data needs increased, the performance needs within the phone expanded and we're starting to see that in IoT. So, today, it's a very long list of customers, provides a great deal of diversification and the content is continuing to creep up. And we're fortunate that our breadth in IoT, with all the different wireless protocols and some of the leverage that we have in our mobile business, we're in a great position to address and capitalize.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Go ahead, please.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hi, guys. Hi, Liam. Just a great quarter here despite all the worries on the China handset. So as you look at the second half, I know you guys mentioned high-teens growth and accelerating. Is that sequential growth that you are looking at for the September-December quarter?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. We're looking for sequential growth. On a year-over-year basis, we're looking at the mid-teen numbers.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. It's on a year-over-year basis.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it, got it. And as you look at Sony's marquee phones in the back half, do you expect your content share to go up, not just units, there's also a content gain story there?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Our content story is really at the heart of our business right now. And as I mentioned, the requirements that are being driven by the leaders in the market continue to increase, and the demands are more and more challenging, the complexity is daunting. And very few companies can resolve it. We're one of them. We also have an advantage of being an incumbent with the leaders and understanding the nuances of calibration and tuning and working shoulder to shoulder with the engineering teams. So our position in the leading phones continues to be very strong. It will be, again, a tailwind for us in the second half of this year and even into the future.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Great. And the last question, who are the 10% customers on the quarter?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So, during Q2, we had three greater than 10% customers. Obviously, our largest customer, which was slightly below 40% of total revenue, and then Huawei and Samsung, each of them which were slightly above 10% of total revenue. As Liam already indicated before, great traction with Huawei, expanding our product reach within multiple of their platforms. And as well with Samsung, Q2 was a great quarter, rebounding from somewhat a disappointing or a low Q1 quarter. But we really saw really nice sequential growth as well as year-over-year growth within that account.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Snyder, is your phone on mute?
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Sorry about that. Thanks. Last year, at your largest customer, you were pretty much exclusive on the Qualcomm platform. Do you see that as reoccurring again this year? (22:42) action with Intel? And then, if I could, how much of the revenue that you reported this quarter or you guided for next quarter was inorganic? I understand you probably picked up ANADIGICS product line from II-VI when they divested that. So just curious how much was organic versus an acquisition? Thanks.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Ed. With respect to baseband, this isn't the first time we've seen share shifts here or any kind of diversification within the ecosystem; no surprises. And at the same time, we continue to gain great traction with both Intel and Qualcomm within our largest customer and globally. So, for Skyworks, baseband partnerships are really important and we are agnostic to that. The parts may change a little bit. Your calibration tuning and alignment with the chipset could be different phone to phone and baseband to baseband. But we're in very good position there, and we have excellent visibility on where that's going to play out over the next year or so. So we're in good shape. Yeah. The ANADIGICS opportunity, really it's minimal in terms of its impact on the business. So there's nothing significant there. Didn't have much of an effect on our overall performance at all.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Okay. And then, it's clear you're growing really well across a variety of different technologies. You can see it in some of the tear-downs sitting up here. Can you help us understand which of them are making the largest contributions, say, year-over-year of revenue growth, especially with regard to second half, but also this half. If you had to choose between DRx pads, LNAs, Wi-Fi, which of those are going to lead in terms of your year-on-year performance and growth? I understand DRx's are starting to move into more the mid and low-end phones, and you've got – dominate there. But then LNAs are showing up too. So can you help us with the breakdown?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. Well, I'll answer it and I'll kind of give you a little more color on it. So the SkyOne portfolio is really important, although on a year-over-year basis it doesn't have as much of a pop as a DRx, because SkyOne has been there. But I will tell you what we're doing in that product line is continuing to extend the reach of our frequency band. So we're getting into high-band. We've been in mid-band and we've been leading in low-band. And now, SkyOne is being adopted by more and more accounts. Accounts that a year ago may have done a multi-mode PA and had filters on the side, they're integrating. Companies like MediaTek that are going to create chipsets for Skyworks, we're starting to move those into SkyOne like architectures rather than multi-mode PAs and filters on the side. So that's a theme. DRx category is very powerful. We have premium technology that's defensible, that's market-leading. We've proven it in the most challenging architectures on the planet. And the compares on a year-over-year basis are very strong, because the DRX really hasn't been around too long. However, the way we do it, the way we craft it with our custom solutions, our ability to bring our own filters in-house, what we even do to craft our LNA technology and Mexicali as an integrator of all this in unique custom packages, is really special. So that product line has a great deal of upside. It has been lightly introduced. Every account that we've worked with, for the most part, we've been able to win, but there's a lot out there that haven't yet adopted the technology. So there is quite a bit of upside on the DRx family, and that will continue to evolve as that product gets upgraded year by year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bill Peterson with JPMorgan. Go ahead, please.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. and congrats on the good results and outlook. Maybe piggybacking that question, with these newer products like LNAs and DRx, GPS, can you help frame the dollar content opportunities for, say, premium, mid and, I guess, the lower end, at least what your served addressable market is in terms of dollar content per device?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yes. So when we think about – just to frame it – the DRx category, we kind of created the name DRx and that whole segment, it really is – it's focused on downlink performance. So what we're trying to do is enhance the download speed of a device, whether it's a phone or eventually it could be an IoT device. So the traditional architectures may have been discrete with a single-chip LNA and maybe a few discrete filters and a few discrete switches. And you'd have quite a bit of lock in your system and you really wouldn't be able to harness or pull through that data fast enough. So we created a new category where we integrated – although similar to what we did with SkyOne moving from PA and filter and switch and brining it in with a single calibrated engine. Similar to what we did in SkyOne, we were able to craft that with our DRx product on the downlink side. So for us, at DRx is a $3, $4, could be $5 worth of content in certain phones. A competitor that may want to play in that area could attempt to work a discrete solution with lower content, but it just wouldn't get you the performance. And what we're been able to see and really test and measure is that our customers really value that efficiency that high efficient solution that brings in higher data rate, doesn't have the losses that you have in a discrete system. And Skyworks' doing all that calibration and harmonization work to deliver that in a simple solution. So that's kind of how it works out. And we have realized content and flagship products that's over $5 in value.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe switching to broad markets. I guess if you were to exclude Wi-Fi, gateways or routers and consider design pipeline, how would you rank the next, let's say, fastest-growing segments in terms of content and revenue growth opportunities over the next year or so?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. There's a real wide list – a long list of proliferation across connected home applications. We mentioned a few things like Sonos, things like Nintendo, we've got Nest product, Google Nest portfolio with their Dropcam, with high-speed Wi-Fi. It may have Wi-Fi device, but it's a unique product. Whole series of opportunities there, factory automation, end-to-end with our ZigBee portfolio. So there's quite a few. And then if you want to move that into automotive as an adjacent market to IoT, we're starting to see really rich LTE systems that are driving all of what I said, but doing it at a bulked up level of performance to capture the kind of the needs that we see in automotive.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. This is Vivien on behalf of Tim. So my first question is a follow-up on China. I'm just wondering for CQ1, how much of the revenue is from China? And what is assumed for CQ2? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So it was approximately 25%.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: For both quarters? And...
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. Pretty much.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then my second question is that, for BAW, how much will it cost to fully develop or commercialize your captive IP? Should we think probably a few hundred million dollars?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: For BAW? For BAW, could you ask that question one more time?
Operator: Just a moment now, we'll reopen her line.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: I am sorry.
Operator: That's fine. Okay, your line is open again.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. So I'm wondering for BAW, how much will it cost to fully develop or commercialize your own captive IP? Should we think in the range of a few hundred million dollars?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So bulk acoustic wave filter technology, it's an area that we understand completely. And what we've been doing to address the frequencies that today have been the domain of BAW, it's really about how do we address higher frequency. So we can do some of that with our TC-SAW, we can do some of that by enhancing our TC-SAW, and we could also work with partners to deliver bulk acoustic wave technology. And, certainly, the ability to do it organically is within our capability, as a company. It's difficult to assess what the value would be. One of the things I want to make clear to all of you is that we can address high-band solutions today in many ways. There's still a number of phones where we deliver high-band PAs and there's filters outside of the module, and there's plenty of opportunities. We've outlined a few today where we have a SkyOne solution that has fully integrated filter PA system that we're able to sell, and we use some of our foundry partners. So we're not excluded from that. But, yeah, I mean the opportunity to invest in organically is always out there on the table. We assess that all the time.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Just a follow-up question on China. You mentioned it was weak, you had kind of expected that. Any signals or signs you're looking for from customers in terms of when that might inflect positively again for the China smartphone market?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Well, we're actually seeing it already, Craig. When we talk – or actually we probably didn't talk about it – but our coverage right now in the quarter is over 90%. We've got our China backlog where we want it to be for the quarter. We are continuing, as I said, to lead with the higher end players. Huawei being the top, and then go to Oppo and Vivo. That's becoming a bigger part of our revenue. The second and third tier white box market, less significant. So we're very confident in the recovery because we're already seeing it in our orders.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then a question for Kris on kind of inventory levels and how you think you're positioned given the expectation for strong growth into the back half of the year. Do you think you'd be in a position to be building inventory or you work off inventory? How are you managing that?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So we did build a little bit of inventory in the second quarter. Inventory was up $22 million, but that's clearly in anticipation of the strong sequential revenue growth that we see in the next three quarters – the June quarter, the September quarter and the December quarter. And so, we expect to continue to build some further inventory in the current quarter in Q3, all in anticipation, of course, to the peak, which is in the December quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton: Thanks for taking my questions, and congratulations on the progress. Liam, back to maybe BAW filters or maybe your TC-SAW products. With some of the high-band wins you've been getting, are you addressing most of those wins with TC-SAW or are these BAW-based products? I guess just what's the trend and what's your expectation?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. No, that's a great question. There's a lot of detail behind that. Well, there's a couple of ways to go. I mean, on one hand, we have an ability to deliver high-frequency products that don't have filters at all. There's still a market where we're selling multi-mode, multi-band PAs that are high-frequency, up to 5 gigs. So to be clear, that continues to be available. And filters could be outside of that. Then we have our integrated solutions, our SkyOne solutions. We can deliver our SkyOne to some customers by taking TC-SAW and enhancing that a little bit with tuning and getting to performance levels with good filtering and good PA technology, which again we have in-house. We have our own gallium arsenide fabs in-house. We can craft our recipe device by device. We're able to deliver that to certain parts of the market. Higher end or higher performing needs with certain OEMs we'll have to bring in BAW potentially from a third-party, a foundry partner that we've already engaged with and have a relationship with. So we've been that in some of our solutions. There's a number of ways to go. But another thing to think about here, as we move out into 5G, we talked about this in the last call, there are some technical changes in the way mobile systems will work. And in 5G, we see it move to time division duplexing from currently frequency division, FDD, frequency division duplexing. FDD, which is more or less the standard today, does require BAW duplexes at the higher frequencies. If you go to TDD, time division, you can actually deliver that performance with high-end TC-SAW; you don't necessarily need a duplexer. So a TC-SAW filter can be effective. So there's some changes there that will move in the favor of our current portfolio. But at the same time, we are not precluded from addressing high-band. We're doing it today. We have a number of paths to do it. And we're selling systems, not just filters. So that's really our story.
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton: Thanks for that, Liam. And, Kris, your guidance for OpEx may be a little higher than I would've expected. You mentioned IoT investment. Is that the kind of the new base to work for forward, or just what are your thoughts for the next few quarters?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So OpEx for Q2 came in at $116 million, which was 13.7% to revenue. And we are continuing to make the necessary investments to grow the business; grow the business in mobile, grow the business in IoT. Especially in IoT, we are adding some resources from an R&D point of view, as well as a sales and marketing point of view to address that diverse market segment. But the way to think about OpEx is that we target 13% of OpEx to revenue on a full-year basis. There will always be some seasonal situations where it's slightly higher and slightly lower. But on a full-year basis, the OpEx envelope is on or about 13% to revenue. And we are tracking very well within that envelope.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Burton with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mike A. Burton - Longbow Research: Hey, guys. And congrats on a great quarter and guide, especially relative to some of the China headwinds. Just wanted to drill into a little bit on the June guide. Your Korean customer obviously was a big ramp for you in Q1. They talked about some weaker unit trends in their June quarter in the low and mid-end and then stronger high-end. I'm just wondering if you're expecting that ramp in the high-end to continue for you, or are we still looking for more sequential growth out of that customer?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Mike. Yeah, we actually, for us, the content gains that we're able to drive with Samsung are still sustainable and we still see some room here, and they will be up in Q3. Huawei is another one that we see nice sequential momentum here going into Q3, and broad markets again will be up. So those will be some of the major drivers. And, obviously, our largest customer is in a – we're in a period now with our largest customer where we're really readying for a pretty powerful second half ramp with their units in our content position. So those are kind of the puts and takes here. I think the big impacts here for Q3 and the upside on guidance is really relative to the big content moves that we have with Huawei and Samsung.
Mike A. Burton - Longbow Research: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And then also, Kris, how should we be thinking about gross margins versus revenue growth in the second half of the calendar year? Any puts and takes on mix, or how should we think about that from a contribution margin basis? Thanks, and congrats again.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So as I stated before, we do expect three quarters of strong sequential revenue growth. And we also expect three quarters of gross margin improvements benefiting from that revenue growth as well, of course, as all the other operational efficiency that we continue to drive there. From a mix point of view, there's always some minor changes that works against us or in favor of us. Obviously, we continue to add more value, add more complexity. We continue to grow our IoT business, which had slightly above-average gross margin. And so, from a mix point of view, there is not a lot of movement there.
Operator: Thank you, again, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing remarks.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you all for participating today. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and other events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-01-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitch Haws - IR Liam Griffin - CEO Kris Sennesael - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Harsh Kumar - Stephens, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Vinh - Pacific Crest Securities Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Steve Smigie - Raymond James Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Craig Ellis - B. Riley Anthony Stoss - Craig Hallum Atif Malik - Citigroup Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Securities Josh Burkhalter - Oppenheimer Bill Peterson - JPMorgan
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' First Fiscal Quarter 2017 Conference Call. With me on the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss today are non-GAAP financial measures, consistent with our past practices. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team delivered exceptional results in the December quarter. Let me begin with a few highlights. We achieved revenue of $914 million, up 9.4% sequentially and above our guidance range. We expanded gross margins to 51.2% and operating margins to 38.8%, illustrating strong operational execution and prudent expense management. We produced record earnings per share of $1.61, $0.03 better than our guidance and perhaps most importantly, we generated nearly $0.5 billion in cash flow from operations in the quarter, another record for Skyworks. In addition to our strong P&L and balance sheet performance, I am especially pleased with our design win execution, particularly at marquee customers. Of note, we secured SkyOne platform wins with multiple Tier 1 Sky OEMs, extended our leadership position in diversity received systems and secured a key win in our custom high band PAD portfolio. We ramped fully integrated fully integrated low, mid and high band solutions integrating SkyBlue technology for Huawei's Mate9 platform, their flagship phone. We launched multiple devices across Samsung's entire portfolio and gained momentum in China, with key wins at market leaders Oppo, Vivo, Meizu and Xiaomi. All of these wins were captured by resulting the growing complexity and performance requirements inherent in today's advanced mobile architectures. Specifically, we're seeing the continued shift to highly integrated transmit solutions, leveraging our core capabilities in gallium arsenide, temperature compensated SAW filtering and enhanced power management. In addition, we are benefiting from the rapid move toward carrier aggregation, a major catalyst in driving higher data rates with expanding bandwidth in both uplink and downlink transmission. In parallel, we continue to expand our opportunity by growing our content reach with new revolutionary diversity receive systems, specifically targeted at the most complex carrier aggregation challenges, as well as a growing suite of analog solutions from Wi-Fi, GPS, antenna tuning, signal conditioning and more. Now moving on to our broad markets portfolio and IOT. We expanded our design win pipeline to include wins with Netgear home security system, ARRIS cable modems as well as Comcast and Rogers with carrier-grade broadband gateways. In addition, we secured design win supporting the latest voice assistant technology from Amazon, Google and Microsoft. We also capitalized on the newest trend towards home Wi-Fi mesh networking, with key wins at Linksys, Ubiquiti Networks and other leading OEMs. And finally, we broadened our footprint across the automotive sector, leveraging the diverse array of wireless protocols supporting connected car applications, vehicle to vehicle communication and 4G telematics. In this past quarter, we were pleased to have consummated a strategic design win at a leading U.S. electric car OEM. Our Q1 results, strong outlook and design win momentum reflect solid tracks in spanning out mobile, IOT and broad market portfolio. The success we are demonstrating is part of a secular multiyear fee and we are still in the early innings. At a higher level, Skyworks is at the epicenter of a sea change in mobility. Our end markets are driving a substantial move from brick-and-mortar to a rapidly growing mobile economy. This trend places an unprecedented burden on analog RF and mix signal performance, vastly increasing the value and utility of our solutions. It's compelling to see how many different avenues mobile technology now supports, whether it's streaming 4K video, social media, mobile payment or rapidly evolving areas such as augmented reality, virtual assistance and the connected car. Popular apps including Facebook, Uber, Netflix YouTube, Spotify, and Wave, all share key characteristics. They require ultrafast, low latency highly secure and efficient connectivity, as well as location-based services. These challenging needs are invariably facilitated by an integrated Skyworks engine. Importantly, we uniquely support all the wireless protocols enabling these diverse applications including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, GPS and LTE. Further 5G represents a massive growth opportunity for our industry and certainly for Skyworks. In fact, market projection suggest 5G data rates will approach 10X the speed of card 4G and LTE solutions. To put this in perspective, downloading a full-length HD movie in 3G took one day. In 4G, the same file took minutes. On a 5G network, this content will be downloaded in mere seconds. At the same time, the connected car is yet another catalyst that offers significant opportunity for Skyworks. Looking out over the next years, the amount of data that will be delivered to and from the car is estimated to be 5 to 10 times more than the bandwidth used by today's smartphone. For instance, by 2020, a single autonomous car is expected to consume 4,000 gigabits of data per day and real-time diagnostics, positioning, vehicle-to-vehicle communications and that's equivalent to the daily data consumed by more than 2,000 smartphone users in 2017. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize with solutions that solve all of these daunting connectivity challenges, setting the stage for outperformance across cars and new markets. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for review of our financial results and Q2 outlook.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks Liam. The revenue for the first fiscal quarter was $914 million. up 9.4% sequentially and exceeding our guidance and consensus estimates. Gross profit was $468 million or 51.2% of revenue and operating expenses were $113 million. As a result, we generated $354 million of operating income, translating into 38.8% of operating margin. Our tax rate was 14.7%, driving net income of $302 million or $0.01 -- $1.61 of diluted earnings per share, exceeding our guidance by $0.03. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, cash flow from operations was a record $496 million, driven by higher profitability and ongoing improvements in working capital. In particular, DSOs declined from 45 to 37 days, while days of inventory declined from 94 to 86 days. Improvements in overall working capital generated over $100 million of cash flow in Q1. Capital expenditures were $50 million about 5% of revenue and in line with our target model. Further in Q1 we repurchased 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of roughly $76. Finally, we ended the first quarter with a cash balance of $1.35 billion from $1.8 billion at the end of Q4. Now moving to our outlook for fiscal Q2. For the second quarter of 2017, we anticipate our revenue to be $840 million. up about 8% compared to Q2 of last year. At this revenue level, we expect gross margins to be in the low 50% range with operating expenses of approximately $115 million as we continue to invest in grow initiatives, including our IOT business. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $0.5 million in interest and other expense and a tax rate of approximately 15%. We expect our share count to be roughly 186 million shares. Accordingly, we plan to generate earnings per share of $1.40 in the second quarter up 12% year-over-year. With that, I will turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thank you, Kris. As our first quarter results and outlook illustrate, we are off to a strong start in fiscal 2017. We delivered solid revenue and earnings, set a record for EPS and quarterly cash flow, while guiding about March quarter consensus estimates. Our profitability and increasingly strong cash generation is allowing us to fund growth and deliver higher returns to our shareholders. In fact, the new $500 million share buyback authorization announced today reflects the confidence of both the executive team and our Board with respect to our strategic outlook. Skyworks' systems level expertise, operational scale and deep customer engagement are enabling us to capitalize on the rapidly expanding mobile and IOT ecosystems, while positioning us for 5G leadership. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's set the lines up for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, congratulations. Tremendous quarter and guide. Liam, let me ask you. At this time, usually in the year there's a lot of movement and a lot of concern amongst investors about the end markets and the different geos. Would you be able to comment for us on where the inventory stand and what you are able to see in the marketplace at this time?
Liam Griffin: Sure Harsh. For us right now, the market backdrop looks quite good and we continue to see an increasing push in mobile for higher complexity, higher performance and that for us as you know translates into opportunity. It's not all with one or two accounts. We're starting to see some great penetration with leaders in China. We mentioned Huawei, certainly large players in the U.S., large players in Korea are all exhibiting that. And then in parallel and we talked about this for a while, but it's really coming together nicely that our broad business, our broad market portfolio continues to grow. Looking at a year-over-year basis, we're reporting a 10% to 15% year-over-year growth rate with that opportunity and that providers just another boost for us in terms of topline.
Harsh Kumar: And Liam as my follow-up, would you be able to tell us what your largest customer was as a percentage of revenues?
Liam Griffin: It was slightly above 40%.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks guys. Congrats again.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Harsh.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and I'll echo the nice results. Liam, maybe just as you talked about your happy with design progress at marquee customers. Maybe as you look at the rest of the year, where do you see the biggest opportunity gain content adding color by product or by customer region would be helpful.
Liam Griffin: Sure Blayne. What we're seeing is very good success in keeping pace with our core architecture SkyOne architecture, switching architectures, but we're now augmenting this with new technology and kind of what I call an expanding product reach doing great work in carrier aggregation, both uplink and downlink. We have some unique solutions that we really pioneered in the industry around downlink receipt side, addressing CA and the complexities. We're taking that kind of an engine and pushing that forward to names like Huawei and names like Samsung and some of the other China players. Our GPS technology is getting adopted now on a quite consistent basis. Wi-Fi has been moving to MIMO architectures in mobile and also in some of the broader markets. So, it's really quiet a mix and what I am really pleased about is our ability, our team's ability to look long at these challenges in mobile and then architect very unique solutions with customer’s hand-in-hand to finally deliver what makes Skyworks special. So, we see that trend continuing.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks Liam. I just wanted to ask on the gross margin, I know it's seasonally weak this period, down a 100 basis points. If you can just talk about the puts and takes and then maybe your outlook for margins for the rest of the year.
Liam Griffin: Yeah absolutely. So first of all, I'm pleased with our execution in Q1 with gross margin coming in at 51.2%. Looking at Q2 obviously, this is a seasonality softer quarter with revenue down approximately $74 million, $75 million and so that you can see reflecting into the gross margin. Having said that, we are feeling -- we're very well positioned for further margin expansion in the second half of 2017 as we expect the next three quarters to see sequential revenue growth going forward.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Just one more on gross margins pressure if I could. When I look at last year, there was a bigger revenue drop from December to March and I believe gross margins declined about 60 basis points. I think this time you're guiding to somewhat higher decline in gross margins. Is it just prudent factory management, utilization management, what is giving a bigger hit to gross margin this time versus last year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes so, we're talking here a couple basis points right. And so we will see where we come in with the actual of Q2, but it's definitely so that last year there was some inventory build, but now for the last two quarters in a row, we have been working on an inventory reduction program. Again, it's all about the same level of gross margins as it's important for us to go and further drive gross margin expansion in the second half of 2017 as we see to strengthen the business and the revenue growth coming in.
Liam Griffin: Yes, and let me add to that Vivek. We were very confident that as Kris articulated, as we stepped through the second half fiscal and second half calendar year, you're going to see revenue and margin step up. So, we're committed to continuing that path.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And as my follow-up Liam, if you could just give us the breakdown you usually give between the different product lines and integrated mobile broad markets etcetera, but the bigger question is you gave a lot of detail around your IOT and automotive wins. When I go back to the 10K you had filed, outside of Apple, your sales grew about 8% last year or so. So, I am just wondering how are your sales doing outside of Apple in December and in March? If you could just give us some color what your design win and progress has been outside of that large customer, whether it's my product or segmented or what have you, thank you?
Liam Griffin: Sure, our growth and success outside of our largest customers has been outstanding. Huawei became the number two account for us this last quarter. They're going to continue to be one of our leaders. We have our customer in Korea, who will continue to grow significantly into 2017 and our largest customers will set up very well for us as well as we address some very complex architectures with compelling products. So, we feel really good about that on the mobile side. And then let me remind you that the broad market portfolio from the infrastructure to IOT to early stages of automotive, all look good and the staff there are double-digit year-over-year.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of John Vinh with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
John Vinh: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My question is can you talk about what your expectations for the RF TAM growth for the industry and the flagship smartphone this year and maybe talk about what your expectations of growth is relative to that TAM? I know historically you've talked about that TAM growing at a 10% to 15% CAGR?
Liam Griffin: Sure John. I think part of the driver there as you probably know is just really the upgrade cycle across the Board. So, you have your most developed accounts that will be moving up with higher levels of complexity, bringing in more complex EA architectures, maybe even going MIMO on the radio potentially that's out there. And then you have your value tier players that are moving up maybe at a higher rate percentagewise, but haven't quite hit the dollar value of the top tier. So, we address all of that. We're not a player that spends much time with the 2G or 3G market. So, the segments that we address, we think it is a double-digit tam opportunity. One of the things that we've been going at Skyworks is we continue to innovate and elevate our portfolio. So, these products today that we're selling and enjoying share gains, that just didn't exist three or four years ago. So, we're continuing to push the envelope. There is also a lot of technology that flows between mobile and IOT. Our very strong portfolio and Wi-Fi, we have a Bluetooth portable. We have a GPS portfolio. None of that is really part of the traditional RF TAM, but it matters. Our SkyBlue technology for power management is becoming more and more pivotal for us in design wins. So, it's really a broadening suite. In overall TAM, probably 10% to 12%, but I think we have some unique opportunities to address it in our portfolio.
John Vinh: Great. Thank you. And my follow-up question is on 5G. Liam, you seem to be very optimistic about your prospects in 5G. If I look at some of the initial frequencies being discussed in 5G, they tend to be much higher than what we've even seen at 4G. Can you just break down the opportunities for you to benefit from content growth in 5G? And also, maybe can you talk about the role of TC-SAW within 5G given the higher frequencies?
Liam Griffin: Yeah absolutely. So 5G is really going to be a game changer for the space. It could present up to 10 times the date rate that we see today in 4G. There are these three big themes when you look at 5G, you try to create a faster data pipe, lower latency, more efficient. It's about increasing bandwidth which is going to drive carrier aggregation of the click, higher modulation schemes that you're going from 256 QAM maybe to 1024 higher density as complexity. There is MIMO architectures that will scratch that pipe. All of these themes are very important and if you think about frequency for it John, if you move up to some of these higher frequencies in 5G, they are very often TDD modulation, so time division duplex and TDD requires band pass filtering. It doesn’t require duplex or so. We have a unique opportunity there to stretch our TC socket with only too higher frequencies in a TDD domain and gain additional share.
John Vinh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Question on growth this year, as you look through, can you give us some sense in terms of whether it's that leading smartphone OEMs in North America and Korea versus China, kind of where you think your growth will skew in 2017?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Craig. Yes, the growth should span across our larger customers. It should also span across kind of what I would consider a value Tier portfolio, the Oppo and Vivo and maybe to a lesser extent Meizu and Xiaomi moving up. Huawei, we mentioned today is now a clear number two customer for us. They have really stepped up in terms of the content, the richness of content and the reach of technology, providing opportunity for us to deliver mid-band, high-band, low-band solutions, power management, diversity receive, addressed CA uplink and downlink. So, we see a great opportunity with the value tier moving up and then the high tier actually increasing their content. Those are the important themes. And then the additional in parallel opportunities in broad markets continue to span and we expect double-digit growth there for the foreseeable future.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then as my follow-up on the buyback announcement, can you put that into the context in terms of as you evaluate internal growth opportunities and also just M&A in the industry?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, we are definitely committed to continue to return cash to the shareholder with our dividend program and our share buyback program. We returned $106 million in Q1 repurchasing 1.4 million shares in Q1 and saw -- we have now put in place a new $500 million program. Historically, we have been returning 40%, 50% of our free cash flow to the shareholders and so that's something that we will continue to do so.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. You guys have been seeing pretty good dollar content gain on flagship phones. I think around order of about 20% and maybe address this a little bit, but I was hoping you could talk a little bit about if you expect to continue to see 20% growth, dollar content growth across flagships. But also. I wanted to drill down on the midrange phones where it seems like there is a lot of opportunity. Could you see 20% growth at this point on midrange phones or is it -- should we be looking at a different relative growth?
Liam Griffin: Yes, sure. Both sides of the equation there are critical for us. Certainly, flagship phones and what we're seeing there is really a great opportunity -- actually we're really happy about it as we talked a lot about this technology and this ecosystem within mobile and that tremendous ecosystem, all these great applications that we enjoy driving change in hardware and it's happening. And each year every customer has different cycles, but every success of generation of smartphone technology that we address has had increasing burden, increasing challenge and increasing opportunity for Skyworks. That's what drives the content for us. We've also been able to push our reach. We're moving the areas within this technology, new areas to enjoy further gain. So, we feel really good about that trend continuing. Our teams are doing a phenomenal job right now with the most critical customers, with the smartest people on the customer end and in Skyworks to make sure that that happens. So, that's going to be big part of the story. But in parallel you hit on the other key point. There's a tremendous volume of mid value tier players producing smartphones today that haven't yet enjoyed that big step up in performance. And if you look at Huawei as a case study, we've worked with them for many, many years and had a great relationship and been involving just about every platform and the big swing for us is when finally, the technology and PAD technology in power management ad Wi-Fi and some of these complex system were adopted the revenue accelerated. There's a value tier today that's significant that hasn’t yet made that movement. We're going to work very closely to make that happen with them.
Steve Smigie: Okay. Great. And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about China overall as a percentage. Huawei has shut up a lot and so I was wondering if you could still quantify say China on its own as a percent as a bucket, and may be with and without Huawei and then if you're willing what Samsung was as a percentage of revenue in the quarter?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, China all in for us is about 25% of revenue and it’s not just mobile. We have a pretty strong infrastructure position in China across Huawei, across ZTE and others. The mobile business is strong and then there is some other broad market portfolios there. So, it’s about 20%, 25% of the revenues there and what was the second part of the question?
Kris Sennesael: It was on the Samsung, so Samsung just fell below the 10% level and we all know why that is. But we see a nice bounce back of the Samsung business already starting in Q2 and in the second half of 2017.
Steve Smigie: Okay. Thanks, and congrats on the good quarter.
Liam Griffin: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. I wanted to focus on the free cash flow, last couple of quarters so now this is two quarters in a row, your free cash flow margin has gone up to 50% and you laid out. thanks for laying out the contribution from the working capital levers that you were able to put. The question is, how should we think about what is the steady-state free cash flow margin profile for the company, because it has jumped up significantly? And then second kind of tied to that and I am not sure if you answered the question that was asked earlier how to think about the buyback that you just announced vis-à-vis your appetite for M&A. Is that the sign that you're more comfortable in the business and returning shareholder value just via that or it's a sign of that plus the fact that you're now generating enough cash that you can make an acquisition as well as follow the step? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael: So, I’ll take the first part on free cash flow and I'm really happy with the performance there, especially in Q1. We’ve almost $0.5 billion of cash flow from operations. We have been focusing very strongly on working capital management driving down DSOs, driving down days of inventory and so that has helped a lot in the quarter. We're at the level right now that there is not a lot of improvement from that level now and so you won't see a repeat of those further improvements in working capital. But having said that, when you look at our business model, we will continue to generate a ton of cash every quarter going forward.
Liam Griffin: With respect to the M&A element there, just to remind everyone, we are very focused on our core franchising connectivity. It's a significant market. There is a great deal of investment going forward there that has turned to be profitable for us and fruitful for us. But at the same time, we do evaluate M&A opportunities. We look at a lot of potential transactions. We have a very high bar with our financial consideration on that end. But we keep an open mind. We announced the 500 million shares repurchase program here today and we certainly have the opportunity if the right deal comes about to exercise an M&A transaction.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Quinn Bolton with Needham. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton: Hi, guys, let me add my congratulations. Liam, just wanted to first ask the guidance was better than seasonal trend, what do you attribute that to? Is it sort of dollar content gains on the platforms? Is it the end of the inventory reduction program you mentioned earlier on the call?
Liam Griffin: Yes absolutely, it's really about our ability to outperform on design wins that were consummated kind of in the middle of the prior year and now flowing forward. So, we were really excited about that the content reach again is expanding. We’re engaging more and more with fully integrated SkyOne Solutions rather than power amplifiers and filter separated. The carrier aggregation products that we put forward and diversity received are quite compelling in the market and then again, the roster of IOT accounts that we’re bringing forward continues to grow and the content within those applications where maybe we had -- we started with a single Wi-Fi device. Now we have 3x3 devices. We’re embedding GPS more and more. We got Bluetooth opportunity. So, the whole spectrum is expanded. And as we look at March, we feel very good about our guidance there as Kris indicated. Backlog coverage is solid. We’re fully booked and it’s a very balanced quarter as well.
Quinn Bolton: Great and then a follow-up, just you mentioned on the prepared comments a couple of high-band pad wins, a scenario you’ve been underpenetrated. What's your outlook for that business going forward and can you comment whether those are using outsourced pass filters or are you starting to be able to source some of those filters in the high band with TC-SAW internal capacity?
Liam Griffin: Yes, sure, sure, great question. Well as know, when we go to market, our strategy is to sell a system solution. So, it input to output performance. So, it incorporates our highly customized and curated gallium arsenide technology, unique filtering technology, SOI packaging, testing. The whole engine is really a Skyworks signature and within that engine, we select the best process and the in best technology to deliver what our customers want and outperform technically. So, this is not the first high band win. We have been clocking and clicking design wins here for a while. This one was meaningful for us. It did move us up to some higher frequencies above 3 gigahertz and let me also remind you and I answered the question earlier that in some of these domains, there is a need for a TDD Time Division Duplexing versus FDD, Frequency Division and that can change the technology curve and the selection as well. So, it will continue to grow in that space. We’ll continue to grow in mid band. We’ll continue to move our TC technology up higher and continue to lead in low band as well.
Quinn Bolton: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you. I guess the first question, you did not answer before, revenue breakout by broad market mobile and PA, and then I had another question.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so the broad market was approximately 25% of total revenue. Mobile was slightly above 60% and so the rest power amplifier is slightly below 15%.
Timothy Arcuri: Great. Thank you and then just a follow up on BAW and given the trend in carrier ag to have front-end that are going to cover a mix of high end low bands, is there a trigger point where you guys are obviously bullish on TC-SAW, but is there a trigger point where you decide you have to invest to add captive BAW and if so, what is that? I’m just wondering how you think about the decision to sort BAW on a merchant basis or to invest in it captively. Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Sure, well let me start with you mentioned carrier aggregation. We have an incredible portfolio in carrier aggregation. It nothing to do with BAW. We can use TC-SAW. We can use other capabilities, organic capabilities and we're a market leader there without question. Looking now, there are opportunities where a higher frequency, high performance BAW filtering makes a lot of sense, but we don’t sell discrete devices. So, our plan is to try to create the best engine, the best complete sub system that meets our customer's needs. In many cases, we can do it with our organic technology. We do have a path foundry partners to bring in BAW within our modules if needed. Our TC-SAW capabilities continue to improve and if you look at spectrum, the most crowded spectrum is in the lower frequency bands. 700 meg up to 1.1 gig, very, very crowded. TC-SAW capabilities are ideal. Bulk acoustic wave can’t play at those lower frequencies and anywhere some frequencies that are very high with extremely high performance needs where BAW’s critical. So, we’re not hindered by any of that. I think we feel very comfortable with our outlook. We have a lot of great technology choices. And if you look across the peer group, there are some players in our space that don’t in-house gallium arsenide. They go to foundry partners. So, it's not uncommon to have a few points of technology where you outsource in partner and we do that on occasion, but invariably, we use our own organic products.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you.
Operator: Next question, we'll go to the line of Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the progress. Liam, may be if I can say that last question another way, I guess can you just talk about your filter roadmap, your capacity plans, you had talked or maybe your predecessor had talked previously about specifically getting into BAW capability and I guess with those foundry partners in BAW, are you capacity constraint or are you limited as to some of those sockets you can get into just from a market availability?
Liam Griffin: Sure, sure well let me start with the organic product line. So, we have a really strong competitive left in with our TC-SAW facility, SAW Japan as you may remember, this came about through our joint venture with Panasonic, which is now wholly owned entity with Skyworks. And we have capacity to do about 3 billion units of TC-SAW per year and we have room right now. We're not a full utilization, but we have a really strong pipeline going forward that’s going to enjoy the benefit of those filters. If you look at what we can do, it's just really again, it depends on the customers' need, it depends on whether you are in a frequency duplexing domain or a time division duplexing domain. There is nuisances there and so we try to match the best complete system with the customer need. We do have BAW, we're completely aware of BAW acoustic wave technology and what it can and can't do. We have strong partners right now that we can bring it in on a foundry basis. We continue to look within the walls of our company to do it organically or construct devices that are just as competitive organically. Some of that is TDD. What I'll tell you today we enjoy a robust opportunity with the filtering we have today augmented by our gallium arsenide or switching our packaging and our complete systems focus.
Cody Acree: And then Kris maybe on the OpEx side, you constrained spending to this last year where revenue was in decline, but it sounds like you are getting right back into a bid of spending on IoT and other areas. Can you talk about where you're spending and what your plans are for this year?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, absolutely. So Q1 came in at $113 million up $6 million from Q4, but keep in mind that we started accruing for incentives again and so going forward, we target to have our OpEx on or about 13% of revenue. So, you will continue to see some modest increases quarter-over-quarter there as well. 13% is actually I believe world class and so I feel good about that level of investments that we make. We definitely make sure that we continue to make the necessary investments to further diversify the business in the broader market in IoT and we won't hesitate to make those investments.
Cody Acree: Thanks. Congrats.
Kris Sennesael: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thanks for taking my question. My first one is on China and I was hoping you could provide a little bit more detail on what trends you saw in fiscal Q1? If you can provide kind of a year-over-year number that would be great. And also, if you can talk about your expectations for fiscal Q2, again specific to China? And then on inventory, how comfortable are you today in terms of inventory in China both in the supply chain and also in retail?
Liam Griffin: Sure, sure, well, China of course is a meaningful growth driver for Skyworks. I mentioned earlier on the call it's about 25% of our revenue all in. And it's a market that consumes and exports, right. We have a lot of Tier 1 players that are moving up and inside Huawei and then it's an export market as well and we can enjoy both sides of that. One of the things that has helped us in China is having a strong baseband partnerships, very tight coupling with Hisilicon captive to Huawei today. Also, a lengthy relationship with MediaTek and MediaTek is really in route now to move towards higher levels of integration adopting SkyOne like structures from Skyworks that's a big pop and names like Oppo and Vivo continue to look strong for us. We don't do much at all with the 3G and 2G white box markets. So, our revenue is really driven around the market leaders. And I'll tell you that right now Huawei is the one that's really stepping up in content and the others are moving along that curve. So, I think there is going to be some upgrade opportunities within 4G with some of the mid and value tier players within China.
Kris Sennesael: And so, on your second question on inventory in the channel, we actually feel very good about the level of inventory in the channel. Most if not all of the inventory that we had with our largest customer has been consummated and so we don't see any issue in terms of inventory in the channel.
Liam Griffin: Right and that's China as well, so that's global in China specifically.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Great. And then as my follow-up, I had a question on your production ramp in Japan. I guess I am curious which inning are we in the ramp and what are the implications for gross margins going forward as we continue to ramp that facility?
Liam Griffin: Yes, the facility has several innings of opportunity ahead. It continues to be competitive weapon. And we've got our growing list of customers and expanding set of new frequencies that we're going to be addressing. So, it continues to be an important weapon. I believe right now if we look at our outlook, we'll probably be okay for capacity for a bit, but just depends on how big our designs wins are here going into the second half. But I think that the factory is running well, increasing number of customers enjoying that benefit and the demand signal for integration -- intergraded duplex's, integrated filtering for us has been tremendous.
Kris Sennesael: So, we continue to in source some of the filter fabrication there as well. And we haven't really quantified that, but it's going to have a meaningful impact on our further gross margin improvement in the second half of 2017.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question guys and nice job on the execution. Liam, I wanted to ask to ask an intermediate to long-term question, it's nice to see the business back to 8% year-on-year growth in the fiscal second quarter. So, the question is as you look at the business, what's your view on the potential for this return to year-on-year growth, could be sustainable year-on-year growth and what do you think the right level of longer-term growth is for Skyworks given the portfolio mix that you have and the investments that you're making in the business?
Liam Griffin: Yes, no, I appreciate that and you're right. I think we weathered a bit of storm here in '16 and most of the clouds there have abated and it's not just market shares. We’re gaining share, we’re creating new content. We’re expanding in IOT and in broad markets and its meaningful and its sustainable. We’re confident that the second half for us should be a double-digit growth rate year-over-year. We think we’ll have strength going into the next fiscal year as well just given our outlook and our design wins that we've secured recently. So, we feel good about it. Again, there is room to go on the margin line. We’re going to work that. The demand side let's say, looks very good and more diversified I should add.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for that and then the follow-up Kris regarding the quarter, you may have mentioned earlier perhaps I missed it, but can you specify where the upside was from on a segment basis? It looks like on a revenue mix basis it must have been coming from integrated mobile, but is that correct or was it somewhere else.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah on a sequential basis mobile was the strongest growth driver absolutely.
Craig Ellis: Thanks guys.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Anthony Stoss with Craig Hallum. Please go ahead.
Anthony Stoss: Hi guys, my congrats as well. You bumped up CapEx in the quarter. I'm curious if you can give us more detail on what percentage of that is going towards TC-SAW? Also, Liam if you won't mind, give us an update on your -- I know your GPS newer solutions are starting to ramp an update on that as well as SkyBlue? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: So, the vast majority of the CapEx was actually in our backend facility where we continue to expand our capacity.
Liam Griffin: Right. Tony and also GPS, GPS has really been prolific here over the last two or three quarters and forward-looking outlook as more and more devices now location services matter, highly precise locations matter. And we have some really unique things that we do in our Mexicali factory to shield and kind of manage the complexity of GPS and the size requirement. So, that continues to roll out and it’s a big driver in IOT. So, we have attachment across mobile, but the number of IOT nodes that we could lever with GPS I think is quite compelling and that's in other case where we're just starting to rack up the design wins. We have really good technology. It takes advantage of some of the core IP that we have in the amplifiers that we have today in cellular and trying to design and shape those for other applications.
Anthony Stoss: And then as a follow-up, I know you guys in the past talked about a midterm goal of 52% gross margins. Has anything changed in your view in getting there?
Kris Sennesael: No, absolutely not. We have our goal to get to the 53% gross margin. We've 30% operating expense and that get you to 40% operating margin. And so, we're committed to that and driving the whole organization very hard to go and execute towards it.
Anthony Stoss: Great job, guys. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question and Liam, a good job on the execution since you took over last year. My question is on the guidance, can you just qualitatively talk about how do you see the mobile and the broad markets in the March quarter relatively they're down 8% sequential decline?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes, the broad markets in IOT space should be up about 10% to 12% roughly. If mobile is not typically bullish here in the March quarter, we do have unique customer dynamic where some customers in fact are up even within mobile and that’s all about content. So, it’s not a particularly unusual signal. One of the reasons why we’re doing better than seasonal is just again a higher growth rate in the broad space and also with one of our larger customers in Korea content step up, which also provides a sequential gain in revenue.
Atif Malik: Okay. And then Chris on the last call, you talked about 100 basis points of gross margin improvement exiting fiscal '17. I understand that there is some sequential weakness in the gross margin guide because the revenues are coming down, are we still on track for that 100 basis points improvement exiting fiscal '17?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, as I said before, Q2 is a seasonal soft quarter. It’s the low end of the gross margin and so we're driving really hard to further improvements in Q2 and Q3 as we strengthen the business and expect to successfully grow the revenue in the next two, three quarters.
Operator: Next, we’ve the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Rakesh: Hi guys. Just looking at inventory looks like it stayed flat through the December quarter. How do you see inventory exiting the March quarter?
Kris Sennesael: Yes, first of all again I’m very pleased with the fact that we have been able to drive down inventory days. Remember in Q3 it was 108 days. It can down in Q4 to 94 days and we now are at 86 days. Again, Q1 is a seasonally soft quarter and we do see a lot of strength in our business in the second half with double-digit year-over-year growth in the second half. And of course, the second quarter we are going to prepare for that and so we are increasing our factory loadings and as a result of that, you will see an increase in inventory during the March quarter as well an absolute dollars as in days of inventories.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it and just one follow-up here, on the gross margin I saw you mentioned that you still see a 52%, 53% gross margin target. The gross margins have stayed in that 50%, 51% for the last four quarters. Can you give us what the puts and takes are? Is that a 6 inch to 8 inch transition or how do you see the margins work or drives that? Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: So, the present group margin expansion is basically coming from three ways. First of all, and I repeat myself here, but we do see drastic revenue growth in the second half of '17 and of course revenue growth helps with the fixed cost absorption and the margin expansion. Secondly, we continue to execute on our cost reduction programs and operational efficiencies that will continue to have further margin improvements and then last and we talked already a little bit about that, we continue to ramp the filter factory, continue with our insourcing into the filter factory and that will also further drive margin improvements.
Operator: Next, we go to Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Josh Burkhalter: Hi, this is Josh Burkhalter on behalf of Rick. Congratulations on the great results. I wanted to re-ask a question that was asked previously, but on a longer term. So, in the medium term you mentioned you think you can grow above the RF industry in general. I was wondering how much of that do you think is derived from broad markets versus mobile?
Liam Griffin: Sure, sure. We’ll take a shot at that. Well, the broad market opportunity is more unbounded right. There is really kind of an infinite set of customers that we're addressing and moving the dial across the Board whether it be just adding the new applications and new customers. And then even within IoT, there's a content opportunity where the customers and consumers they get used to a low range technology want to augment it perhaps with higher-end solutions maybe they had MIMO and Wi-Fi or maybe they go from a wearable technology that is just Wi-Fi and then it stretches to LTE. So, there is an action there that I think has tremendous upside and really the market continues to expand. In mobile, mobile is more characterized. I know there's a lot of detail on the unit count. There is a lot of detail on customer innovation, interaction, but what is missed in mobile is again this tremendous economy that relies upon the hardware and relies upon the kind of technology that we offer and so what we see there and it’s been increasing, is a continued push for performance-oriented solutions and every year there is a different requirement, there is a different opportunity for us to expand upon may be its frequency bands, may be its bringing in new opportunity for us to expand upon maybe it's frequency bands, maybe it's brining in new technologies. We talked about Wi-Fi and GPS there happening, they're happening in some cases. Diversity we see as a new solution for Skyworks. So, all that continues to move and then we have this major 5G upgrade cycle on the horizon. It's a few years out, but Skyworks will be very well positioned there and when that does occur, you will have the backward compatibility for 4G and 3G. So, you'll basically have some duplication of content or some enrichment in content without the legacy going away. So, there is a lot of things on the horizon if you look out. Again, the near term looks good. We talked about it, but if you think long about where the markets are headed and the continuous demand for mobile technology and mobile data and the economy that we've been speaking out far, it looks promising.
Josh Burkhalter: Okay. Thank you. And then on the last earnings call, you mentioned you had some mid band wins in China and also selling some SkyOne integrated products to media tech customers. Are there any -- are those meaningfully contributing and how should we expect, how are you viewing the traction there so far? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Good question. They're contributing, but there's a long way to go in terms of the adoption. While we've talked a lot about, they're embracing this technology now and it's been great for them, it's been great for us and I think it's going to propel their business with the performance driven product, a number of products and we're seeing that move up a bit. MediaTek is a partner of ours. We're working with them and their reference designs to continue to bring integration to the masses in China. Some of the value Tier players Oppo and Vivo for example are moving along that curve, but they're still not to where we expect them to be. So, that's a continuous process and that doesn’t mean units have to go up. That's really the content and again there is a big, big opportunity for us value tier moving up to mid-level and high levels of performance and bringing the kind of technology that we have into their products.
Operator: As we are approaching the top of the hour in our allocated time, we have one final question. It will come from the line of Bill Peterson from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Peterson: Yes, thanks for sneaking me in and congrats on the quarterly execution. I wanted to kind of maybe ask within broad markets a few questions. I guess first can you help us understand some of the more let's say higher growth segments within broad markets and then compare that with the more legacy products for the example base stations as we think about growth in that in this 2017?
Liam Griffin: Sure. I think the highest growth categories are really around the connected home high-speed access points and routers. You got these HD cameras. We have design wins with the whole Google net suite. We have design wins with the Netgear, Linksys, Ubiquiti, Wi-Fi mesh. That continues to roll and the content in some of these access points and routers and gateways could be very high, can be double-digit content. A lot of it is Wi-Fi and there are some other switching technology as well. We're then taking that and spanning out into a variety of newer opportunities early innings with products like drones and we have designs there. Automotive, we think could be a phenomenal catalyst for us for semiconductors in general and for Skyworks. If you think about what really matters in an autonomous car, the connectivity piece right. We have cars today. We're all driving cars, but connectivity is going to really matter. So, in order to make that market work, we're going to need very aggressive 5G solutions, massively expanded data pipe for both the transmit and downlink. All of that's going to be incredible opportunity for us and broad markets are that's going to be out there a few years. Cellular infrastructure has been a market we've enjoyed for a while. It's not the fastest growing market. It's solid from a market perspective and we have a number of players there that we're engaged with and that also will go through a 5G upgrade cycle.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks for that, and then within broad markets too, I noticed in the recent investor call it last year, you talked about your various let's say tools in your tool chest and one of them you mentioned was in the presentation was actually GaN. Just curious where do you stand again in terms of productization and strategy with GaN and maybe early it seems like it's early within GaN, but wanted to kind of ask more of a longer ranging question relative to that part of your portfolio.
Liam Griffin: We have within the portfolio. It's not a significant piece, but it does play in some of the infrastructure markets. It plays in some optical products. We have a little bit of business there, but we monitor the right technology for the application and for the customer need. The gallium arsenide technology that we have as you know we have two very significant fabs are really highly customized and curated gas solutions that proliferate our portfolio. We do have some opportunities with foundry partners to bring in SOI and some other variance around the semiconductor space. And we had access again as needed. So, it's not a mission critical technology. We have access to it. It may play a little further out here in 5G, but at this point it's on our radar screen and it's an opportunity.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks for the color and congrats again.
Liam Griffin: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, it does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over for any closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you, operator and thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and other events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, it does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC Kulin Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Vincent Celentano - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitchell J. Haws - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Skyworks Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Year End 2016 Conference Call. On the call today are Liam Griffin, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kris Sennesael, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or may be considered forward looking. Please refer to our earnings press release and recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss today are from non-GAAP financials, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release in the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team discovered solid Q4 and fiscal 2016 results, demonstrating the resiliency and power of our business model. To put a few metrics in perspective, we achieved record revenue of $3.3 billion, expanded gross margin by 280 basis points, delivered 37.8% operating margin, generated record operating cash flow of $1.1 billion, allowing us to return $727 million in cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, more than double the amount from last year. And despite headwinds with one of our leading customers, we are pleased with our ability to deliver record results in fiscal year 2016. Now, at a high level, we see strengthening dynamics in the core markets we serve. Specifically, we are in the midst of a massive sea change in the mobile usage case. Given the utility and value that connected devices are bringing to the world, we are supporting and, in many ways, enabling a mobile ecosystem that is cannibalizing traditional brick-and-mortar industries, transforming the way we live, work and play. Wireless platforms have become virtual hubs for e-commerce, enterprise to cloud, social media, gaming and entertainment portals. Ultimately, these devices are a conduit for a new multi-trillion connected economy across a wealth of innovative technology players. Consider that the top five S&P 500 companies, namely, Apple, Google Alphabet, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon, are all monetizing these themes with mobile-centric business models. At the same time, smartphone architectures are evolving to accommodate this rapid increase in mobile data across a densely crowded spectrum. The usage case is a catalyst for higher speed, lower-latency, secure and always-on connectivity, which is challenging the capabilities of existing hardware and the supporting cellular infrastructure. Our mission at Skyworks is resolving this daunting complexity with customized, custom-level solutions, unburdening our customers while improving the user experience with higher levels of efficiency, enhanced streaming capabilities and expanded network coverage. All of this translates into an expanding opportunity for Skyworks. Recall that our focus is on the wireless connection, the most critical function linking the user to this incredible ecosystem. In addition to the rise of mobile data, we are actively addressing two parallel growth drivers. First, connecting the unconnected. There remain 2 billion people that have yet to benefit from this dynamic ecosystem, and Skyworks will play a leading role in bringing this population online. In addition, we are committed to connecting every thing, as we address an estimated 20 billion new devices brought to market over the next five years. Skyworks is seamlessly enabling these massive opportunities with highly customized system solutions supporting a broad set of protocols, including cellular LTE, to Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee and emerging 5G standards. In an effort to facilitate the explosive growth of data delivery, creation, movement and storage, our customers are implementing methods to improve performance with carrier aggregation, receive diversity and MIMO functionality. This dynamic involves a step function increase in levels of requisite analog and mixed signal performance, enhanced power efficiency and high precision filtering, as well as configurable systems integration capabilities. Skyworks' broad portfolio in systems-level expertise are well aligned to resolve the intense performance demands facing our customers. And further, 5G will be yet another industry catalyst and significant content driver for Skyworks. This technology will drive band proliferation at higher frequencies and play squarely into our ability to address complexity with fully integrated systems. The breadth of our portfolio and our unique market reach continues to fuel a robust and diverse design win pipeline. To illustrate, during the most recent quarter, we leveraged our leadership SkyOne architecture across scores of 4G LTE platforms, with customers like Huawei across their Honor 8 premium lineup. We are also powering the first Google-branded LTE Pixel smartphone. And we are capturing design wins across broader markets in the Internet of Things. In particular, we continue gaining traction with customers like Amazon, supporting their Echo and Tap digital assistants. We are also enabling NETGEAR's Orbi home router system and providing an integrated solution to Trilliant for use in their smart grid platforms. In addition, we are deploying small-cell solutions for several leading infrastructure providers in China. And in automotive, we are delivering 4G LTE solutions for use in both Land Rover and Jaguar models. These wins and others demonstrate our expanding customer and end market reach across both mobile platforms and the IoT. At this point, I will turn the call over to Kris for his financial review.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Liam. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter was $835.4 million, up 11% sequentially and exceeding our guidance and consensus. Gross profit was $425.9 million or 51% of revenue, in line with our guidance and up 100 basis points from the fourth quarter last year. Operating expenses were $107.5 million, consistent with our guidance for flat sequential spending. We generated $318.4 million of operating income, translating into 38.1% operating margin. Our cash tax rate was 12.6%, driving net income of $277.6 million dollar or $1.47 of diluted earnings per share, exceeding our guidance by $0.04. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash flow from operations was a record $455 million, driven by high profitability and significant improvements in working capital on a sequential basis. In particular, DSOs declined from 69 days to 45 days and days of inventory declined from 108 days to 94 days, and we expect further reduction of inventory dollars and inventory days in Q1. Capital expenditures were $16 million versus $57 million in Q3, reflecting the lower investment level now required for our TC-SAW filter production. Further, in Q4, we repurchased 3 million shares at an average price of roughly $66 a share. And for fiscal 2016, we've repurchased 8 million shares at an average price of just under $66 per share, helping us to reduce our share count from 195 million shares entering the fiscal year to 189 million shares exiting Q4. We also distributed over $200 million in dividends over the course of fiscal 2016, up 63% year over year. In summary, Skyworks returned 81% of our free cash flow, or $727 million, to our shareholders over the fiscal year, up from the 64% distributed in fiscal 2015. Now moving on to our outlook. For the first fiscal quarter of 2017, we anticipate our revenue to be up 7% to 9% sequentially. At the mid-point of $902 million, we expect gross margin in the low 51% range. We expect operating expenses to be $112 million, further reducing our overall OpEx ratio to 12.4% of revenue. Below the line, we anticipate around $1 million in interest and other expenses and a cash tax rate of approximately 15%. We expect our share count to be roughly 187 million shares. With our revenue growth and continued operating leverage, we plan to generate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.58 in the first fiscal quarter. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kris. So to quickly summarize, we delivered above-guidance results in the fourth fiscal quarter, closing out another record year driven by increasing global demand for high-speed connectivity coupled with strong operational execution. Skyworks systems-level expertise and scale advantages are positioning us to capitalize on the rapidly expanding mobile and IoT ecosystems, particularly with 5G on the horizon. Our profitability and strong cash generation capabilities allow us to fund growth and deliver increasingly higher returns to our shareholders. Clearly, we remain well-positioned to realize our vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open our lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Go ahead, please.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Liam, for my first one, your December sales outlook is above Street expectations. When I look at it, though, it is still somewhat down year-on-year. When do you think you will get back to what has been the historic high-single, double-digit growth rate from a top-line perspective? And as part of that, how's the visibility into content gains and to flagship phones for next year?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Thank you, Vivek. Well, as you outlined, the guidance here for the current quarter is up strong, 7% to 9% coming off an 11% sequential here in Q4. So we certainly see the momentum coming back into our business. With respect to year-over-year comps, we're confident that we will be up on a year-over-year basis in Q2, fiscal Q2. We continue to see great momentum with the flagship players, not just the leading U.S. player, but globally. We're starting to see strength there and that's being represented in our numbers.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And as my follow-up, maybe one for Kris. On gross margins, if you could address the impact on gross margins from both fab utilization and just the market pricing. Because I think you had mentioned you would take down inventory over the next one or two quarters. What is the impact on utilization and gross margins? And part B of that is your competitor just reported very weak gross margins. And I'm wondering if that's a company-specific for them or are you seeing any pricing issues from a market perspective? Thank you.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I can't speak to what happens to our competitor. And we haven't seen any major changes to the pricing environment. That has been very consistent over the last couple of quarters. And looking forward, we don't see any major changes there. Let me just on the gross margin highlight that, in fiscal 2016, we improved the gross margins with 280 basis points exiting the year at 51%, which clearly demonstrates a strong operational execution in terms of margin improvement. And we definitely want to continue to further drive operational efficiencies. And we believe that we can improve the gross margins with another 100 basis points exiting the fiscal year of 2017.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital. Go ahead, please.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and nice results.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just curious to follow up on a prior question. When you're looking at the year-over-year and being down, are you still working through that specific customer issue? And when do you think you'll resolve that and be able to back ship the total run units (14:47)?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Blayne. In our $902 million, we don't have the full complement of what would be the legacy products with one of our customers. So some of that had been invoiced earlier in the year, as we articulated. But I will tell you that by the time this quarter is exited, we're clean, we're back on track. Again, we're pleased with the ability to bring up a 7% to 9% top line off of an 11%. We feel really good about our content position with the leading platforms. But there's a slight – an abating headwind, but a bit of a touch of that in the $902 million versus the prior year.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Then maybe just a bigger picture question as you look out next year. You mentioned several drivers. Just curious when you look at carrier aggregation, obviously you are combining bands. And some of those bands may historically be a broadband. Just curious of your view in terms of whether SAW and TC-SAW can address a lot of the transmit in terms of carrier aggregation. And when you look at next year, where do you see your biggest gains? You're able to get and receive game content in the larger phones. Where else do you see picking up decent content next year?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: That's a great question. So as you articulated, there's a couple of dynamics. We've been known for leadership in the transmit chain with Power Amplifier and Power Amplifier plus Duplex or SkyOne-like systems. That continues to be beneficial for us. We're probably 30% to 40% of the way of penetrating the market now. New names like Huawei are adopting the technology, players like Oppo and Vivo in China, and certainly the larger Tier 1s have been with us for a while. So in the transmit chain, we continue to move up in frequency. So we've done a great job in low band. We're starting to win mid band. We can address high band with foundry partners for BAW. So that part of the food chain looks really good. When you look at the receive side, we have a very unique strategy, a leadership strategy. We've been able to implement high content, high-performance solutions with the leading players in the market. That again now is starting to round out into China and some other spaces where that value is quite unique, and the performance requirements on the downlink side are immense. So we can handle that. As you move further along, though, you start to look at 5G, et cetera. We think that the way that transmission will occur with TDD as well as FDD, where you have time-division duplexing, our ability to leverage TC-SAW looks very good there. So we can encroach frequencies that had been the domain of bulk acoustic wave with our TC-SAW with performance advantage and also taking advantage of the unique protocols that we see in 5G.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Harsh Kumar with Stephens. Go ahead, please.
Unknown Speaker: Hey. Yeah, thanks, guys, for taking my questions. This is Richard (17:31) in for Harsh. And congratulations on the quarter.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Just wanted to start off and look a little bit deeper into the December quarter guidance, up 7% to 9%. What are some of the base assumptions for broad-based growth versus growth in mobile? What are you seeing at your largest customer? And then also, within China, some of the buy-siders that we talked to have talked about double ordering taking place over there. Are you seeing anything like that?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, let me start with Q1 and then we can touch on China. So we are seeing Q1 seasonally being strong in mobile across all of our major accounts in mobile looking good. And with a great enrichment and content really steering the ship there. So we see that the IoT and broad markets business continues to look good. We're up substantially on a year-over-year basis. IoT was up into the high teens on overall broad markets. For the full fiscal year, we're up about 12%. So we continue to see opportunities there. And then if you think about China, we have – fortunately, China has changed a bit in the last couple of years. It's moved away from this 10 to 12 white-box players where there's a great deal of distribution and just hoping for the best in terms of upgrade cycles and ensuring that you've picked the right horses. What's happening now is it's starting to coalesce around three or four or maybe five players with names like Huawei leading, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, and then you get into a long tail of others. So we play that directly with the top four or five, with direct engineer-to-engineer engagements. We also play the entire China theater with our base band partners, so close collaboration with MediaTek, Spreadtrum, HiSilicon, even Qualcomm provides a buffer of diversification. So right now, China has been a solid market. We handicap it quite well. We analyze the data from our distributors, we look at the pull rates and the upgrade data that we get from China Mobile and others, and we feel we have a very balanced outlook. I don't expect any volatility through any double ordering or anything like that. I don't see that. But we'll maintain a cautious view as we look out.
Unknown Speaker: That's extremely helpful. And then wanted to get your sense on what you look for, what are your criteria for M&A? And what's the appetite for M&A right now?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Sure. Well, the good news for us is that we're very bullish on the opportunities in front of us today at Skyworks. There's a great deal for us to do in our core markets in mobile and IoT and expanding our broad portfolio. We like what we see there. There's a tremendous need to support great customers looking forward. So M&A isn't something that is mission critical for Skyworks. But having said that, we continue to look at opportunities if they come about. Our track record, as you know, reflects that we are highly disciplined when it comes to M&A. A deal needs to meet all of our stringent criteria. You can see that we've done a few deals in the last few years. The Panasonic JV has closed, bringing great TC-SAW technology in-house. We did a SiGe deal a few years ago for Wi-Fi technology that's played out beautifully. And even a power management deal with Advanced Analogic. And all of those elements play very well into our long-term strategy. So we'll keep our lens open for opportunities as they come about. But, again, very stringent financial criteria here.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on turning the corner in sequential growth in your on-hand inventory. Liam, I wanted to start with a longer-term question on the growth of the business. So one of the supply chain players early in the reporting season noted they think that smartphones will grow about 5% through 2020. I'm not asking you to endorse that. But if that were the industry's growth rate, what growth rate would you be satisfied with organically? And do you feel like you've got enough leverage in the portfolio to drive sufficient organic growth, or do you need to have a blended organic and inorganic strategy?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, I think organically, Craig, if you look at the unit growth which is approximately, as you indicated, about 5% on smartphones. It's the content lever that we're most excited about. And if you listen to the prepared remarks, one of the reasons why we talk about this mobile ecosystem and some of these great companies that are monetizing it, is that they really are driving change. They're driving change with our customers and our customers are driving that change to us. And often it's a give and take. In many cases, we're at the drawing board in crafting these incredible systems that move data. So we see content being really the key focus. So we see unit growth could be 3% to 5% growth, maybe as high as 7% in top-line units. But it's the content lever that is unique. And I think that is where – I know that is where Skyworks outperforms. The higher the content in terms of the complexity and the performance needs, that's when we do our best work. So with that said, we would expect to be at or around double-digits across the board. Could be higher in some cases, depending on the market and the mix.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then one for Kris. Kris, you mentioned that you'd expect gross margins to be up 100 basis points. That's solid, but it is just 40% of what the business had done in the just completed year. So as we look at the performance of the business, should we expect that as the expanded manufacturing facility, both with Panasonic and Impact Gene (23:03), as that really ramps and hits its operational stride, that longer term we can get back to years where gross margins can improve on a multi-hundred basis point basis, or is this the new run rate for the business?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, there are definitely multiple levers to improve gross margins. As Liam just explained, we see some above-market revenue growth. And, of course, incremental revenue and volume growth help to absorb our fixed cost structure. Secondly, we are insourcing the filters in our own filter fab, and that is driving further margin expansion. And then, of course, there is the normal tackle and blocking and operational efficiency improvements, including cycle-time reduction, yield improvements and internal and external cost reductions. And maybe last but not least as well, we do see a further mix improvement in some other areas outside of mobile that have slightly above-average gross margin. And when you put it all together, we are comfortable that we can further improve our gross margins.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Atif Malik with Citigroup. Go ahead, please.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my question and good job on the execution. Liam, the first question, you talked about the criteria for M&A. And I think in the past, Skyworks has talked about maybe acquiring something in the $2 billion to $3 billion range kind of size of the company. Can you just remind us what are some of the criteria you're looking at? And is this still the right size of the deal you're looking at?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I wouldn't really want to put any boundaries on deal size. I think it's more about the merit of the opportunity and how it plays within a Skyworks franchise, so to speak. So we definitely look for opportunities that – everyone talks about synergies in terms of accretion and financials. But I also want to see entities that really do better with the Skyworks brand than they would separately. We talked about some success stories. SiGe, Panasonic, even AATI, are example of that. So we would like to have the kind of acquisitions that really raise the overall franchise, that bring us into new technology opportunities that perhaps augment our strength already in the positions in the market that we enjoy today. So it's a complex answer. There isn't one simple thing that we're looking for. It's a number of things. We do have a very, very high bar. We've looked at a lot of franchises and a lot of assets. And for us, the bars are quite high. And I like that. I think we've worked really hard to generate the cash that now has been phenomenal for us and I think we're on a great track record to continue to do that. We have the powder to do the right deals when they come along, but we'll continue to be very vigilant.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Sure. And then as a follow-up, you guys had a pretty good design win in the latest iPhone and diversity receive modules. And Murata was quoted in an EK (26:13) article in Japan that they could take pricing down by like one-third to get the sockets back. Can you just talk about the stickiness of these wins? And how should we think about you guys extending this content going to next year?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. All of these complex solutions that you eluded to, whether they're with the lead customer or the top three or four, are highly customized. I know what we offer. It's highly customized. It is very sticky. These are engineer-to-engineer developed solutions, highly calibrated within the customer's ecosystem. There's little risk that anyone will be unseated or there will be any kind of pricing action post design-win. And then it's the incumbency and the ability to execute, the ability to manage your capacities and execute the supply and all those other things that keep you in it the long term. So we feel really good about our position with the leading accounts and our ability to grow with highly complex solutions that in every new cycle, upgraded, altered, changed to meet customers' needs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Caso with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah, thank you. The first question is regarding the inventory levels. Could you take a bit about where you expect those to be exiting the quarter? I'd suppose you'd want to have the inventory levels down entering the seasonally slower March quarter. Just talk a little bit about that, about the magnitude of any potential reduction and where you'd like to see them exiting the year.
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, so during Q4 we reduced our days of inventory from 108 days to 94 days. That's a 13% reduction. We are pleased with that. We do expect in Q1 to further reduce inventory, both as an absolute dollar level as well as in terms of days of inventory where we target to get to approximately 85 days.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. That's 85 days by the end of the year? Or is that a target for the future?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: There will be some seasonal fluctuations as you go through the normal seasonality, but on average that's what we target.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead, please.
Kulin Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. This is Kulin Patel calling in for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my question. For your revenue headwind, you mentioned headwind at your largest customer. Is all the headwind due to legacy units, or was there any share loss?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: No. No share loss. This is really just about some headwinds on legacy units that were shipped earlier in the year, trued up now here by the middle of the end of this quarter.
Kulin Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And for the CapEx, you mentioned it's down because of lower investments in TC-SAW. How do we think about it for the new fiscal year? What's your CapEx plans for the year? Are there any investments in the pipeline?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: No, just normal course. In fiscal 2016, we spent roughly $189 million. For fiscal 2017, we target $200 million to $220 million of CapEx.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, let me just add, if you go back to a couple years back we were at about $400 million to $430 million to really outfit and install the significant TC-SAW facility, which is a $3 billion unit per year producer of high-performance filters. So that's a big bump up. With that behind us, the run rate CapEx that Kris mentioned is sustainable. It's enough for us. We can do a great job with that capital and monetize our assets and filters as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. My first question is whether you can segment revenue out by PA, IMS and broad markets?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yes, so broad market was approximately 25%, mobile approximately 60%, and PA 15% during the fourth quarter of 2016.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you for that. And then I guess I had a question about the revenue minus your largest customer. You had guided it up in the range of 10% to 12% for the September quarter. Can you give us what that actually came in at? And what the guidance implies if I exclude your largest customer?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, so in terms of the full year, I can give you the full year of 2016, the balance of our business ex our largest customer was up about 11% to 12%. And it's a portfolio of broad market, other mobile absent the largest customer and other IOT businesses. So that's kind of the roughest cut at the high level. In Q1, our largest customer is seasonally strong, of course, going into a seasonal ramp. But the top-three Tier 1 accounts are also ramping aggressively into Q1.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Question on the gross margin outlook for the December quarter. Typically, you'd see some fall through in terms of the higher volumes. I know you mentioned you're working inventory. Maybe that's an influence. Anything else potentially from a mix perspective in terms of some of the new wins, what they might carry versus a year ago?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: No. From a mix point of view, Q1 traditionally has a higher mobile revenue, which is slightly below average. And so that has an impact on the gross margin.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, there's a number of questions asked on M&A and capital allocation. The diversification angle specifically, how important is that to the company as you explore potential deals out there?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, diversification is an element. It's something that we look for. But really, it isn't the only criteria. It's not the underlying criteria. We're looking for opportunities that really drive the entirety of the business. And as we said, we feel really good about what mobile is bringing. It's a lot more than what the market expected three or four years ago or five years ago. And what we are seeing from our customers is just a daunting and relentless push for performance. And what we're also enjoying are product developments and revenue streams that weren't on the radar screen five years ago, diversity receive, we talked about, Wi-Fi has been taking off. Our GPS location systems are taking off. We are seeing more and more reach into our filter franchise. There's just a lot to do. So we wouldn't look at a deal on the merit of diversification as a primary motive. It would be nice in some cases, but we would also entertain opportunities that really help us advance our core business.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Go ahead, please.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah, hi, guys. I'm just looking at the gross margins for the December quarter. Last year when your top line (33:23) was up 5%, your margins improved pretty nicely, 100 bps, 140 bps. Here you're guiding flat. Are the incremental gross margins much lower than what you've had historically?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Our incremental gross margins are in the mid-50%s right now.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Sure. And as you look at the BAW roadmap, I know you guys said you are getting BAW from your foundry partners. Can you update us on how your roadmap looks there? Are you expecting any BAW products launching here, or still expect TC-SAW to take that part of the bands, too? Thanks.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Well, there are significant growth opportunities in the areas that we are strong today across TC-SAW. We continue to push the frequency range in TC-SAW quite nicely. We're winning a lot of products there, not only on transmit, but also on diversity receive. So BAW technology is not critical. It's not mission critical. We understand where it is in roadmaps, where it isn't in road maps. We are making great progress again in raising the market opportunity for our TC solutions. And also when you look at things like 5G, what we're seeing is that there's more and more TDD capability in 5G than FDD. So when you go to TDD, time division duplexing, you don't require a BAW filter or a BAW duplexer. You can do it with TC in many of these frequencies. So that's another expanding opportunity for us. Now having said all that, we have access to BAW. We're using it today with some of our flagship products with foundry partners. We always take a look at make versus buy, is it an opportunity for us to invest in-house. We'll continue to weigh that balance. But be sure that we're going to be able to address the market as we need to. We'll be able to address the filter opportunities and the systems engines that we've been delivering for years. So there's no stop on that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Go ahead, please.
Vincent Celentano - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. This is Vincent Celentano on for Steve. I was wondering if you could tell us during the quarter how many handset customers did you have and if you can you give us an idea of how big the overall Chinese handset OEMs were as a percentage of revenue for the smartphones base?
Kris Sennesael - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: So we have two more than 10% customers, Foxconn at about 40% and Samsung at about 10%.
Vincent Celentano - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: With respect to China. So China all-in, I don't have the itemization of the handset versus the broad market. All-in China is about 25% in that. And then if you look at the mobile portion would be led by Huawei, for example. But all-in, 25%.
Vincent Celentano - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. And the obviously, this past March was more of an abnormality in terms of your normal seasonal trends. So just going forward, as you look in the March quarter, is there any reason you wouldn't see the normal trends you had seen the past few years before this past March?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Correct. I think as we anticipate typical market seasonality for our space is maybe 10% to 15% down in the March quarter. Our mission is to offset that to some degree. We're confident we can do it. Last year was a bit of an aberration. So our job is to out-perform that market in March.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Go ahead, please.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Welcome, Kris. Looks like broad markets went down about 5% if it went from 29% of sales to 25%. So is that just lumpiness or anything happening in Wi-Fi or IoT?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, the issue there was more around infrastructure more than anything else. The IoT space was about flat. That will come up again in about March. And infrastructure was a bit of a drag on broad markets in this quarter.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then maybe talk more about SkyBlue. It looks like you've got some nice power efficiency solutions that go beyond envelope tracking. It sounds like you had Panasonic. Should we expect any progress in some other geographies and other OEMs?
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Great question. I'm glad you brought that up. So SkyBlue is a method that Skyworks uses really as another way to provide efficiency in the amplification and transmission food chain. And so we do that with a very unique proprietary architecture we call SkyBlue. It is embedded in some of our systems solutions. If you look at some of the leading platforms that we've announced and you can see through tear-downs, those devices are apparent there. They've made up with our SkyOne solutions to provide higher levels of efficiency. Incredible levels. Higher than ET in many cases. It's a device that is base band agnostic. We are working with all the key chip providers as well, and it is very early for us right now. We have a long way to go with this solution. We are continuing to provide new and additional revs with upgraded performance. But it is in production with four or five key brands today.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ed Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Go ahead, please.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thanks, Liam. If iPhone 6s inventory is all consumed by the time you exit December, as you indicated, why shouldn't we expect to see orders for those parts to you from Apple if they keep selling that phone in 2018? Is that an erroneous assumption? But if the phone is still being built after they consumed all their raw material from you, then I would expect you'd see some sort of revenue for that product. And then on MediaTek Phase 2/Phase 3, China has been strong for you and your competitors. And I know that Phase 2/Phase 3 only use modules with switches and amplifiers. But it sounds like MediaTek may be moving to pads earlier than expected. You currently do not sell discrete filters into that market. But if they go to pads and you're one of the two big suppliers of those parts already, why should we expect that your filter demand should step up significantly because MediaTek would obviously be buying those filters from whoever is buying the modules, and that's going to be you and maybe Corbo (39:37).
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, great insights, Ed. So on the first one, certainly if there were additional demand requirements for the Legacy products with our lead customer, it would be well positioned to deliver, and that could be incremental revenue for us. So that is one. And then with respect to MediaTek, you got it right. So right now we have a very strong partnership with MediaTek. And one of the products that has done really well in that ecosystem is our SkyLiTE product. So the SkyLiTE product, and I know you get this, but for everyone. It is really a SkyOne solution absent the filter. So we lay out all the required amplification, transmit, receive, switching, and we do everything but the filters. And we allow the MediaTek ecosystem, the customers that use the MediaTek chipset, to pick and choose filters. That's been the lay of the land here for a while. Next rev we are looking at integrating, leveraging our TC-SAW capability to bring in a complete pad or SkyOne-like product to these MediaTek customers. So it's a great opportunity. We are working on it right now. Hopefully we'll have more to report to you here in the next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for any closing comments.
Liam K. Griffin - Skyworks Solutions, Inc.: Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mitch Haws - Investor Relations Liam Griffin - Chief Executive Officer Don Palette - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Atif Malik - Citigroup Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Blayne Curtis - Barclays Steve Smigie - Raymond James Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Kulin Patel - BMO Capital Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Harsh Kumar - Stephens, Inc. Craig Ellis - B. Riley Mike Burton - Brean Capital Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Chris Caso - CLSA
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions’ Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mitch Haws, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Haws, please go ahead.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Skyworks third fiscal quarter 2016 conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Liam Griffin and Chief Financial Officer, Don Palette. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion will include statements relating to future results and expectations that are or maybe considered forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings press release and other SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-Q, for information on certain risks that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially and adversely from any forward-looking statements made today. Additionally, the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch and welcome everyone. Q3 marked another quarter of solid execution on the part of the Skyworks team. We exceeded our guidance, returned over $240 million in cash to our shareholders, and importantly, continued to broaden our design win pipeline, setting the stage for sustained market outperformance. Looking at the results in more detail, we delivered revenue of $752 million ahead of our guidance; expanded gross margins to 50.9%, up 190 basis points year-over-year; produced operating income of $275 million, with operating margins over 36%. Finally, we generated $1.24 in earnings per share, $0.03 above consensus. Execution on revenue and margins, along with operating cost discipline were all key elements of this performance. In addition to the strong financial results, we continued to gain broad market traction. Specifically during the quarter, we powered Huawei’s P9 phone, incorporating 10 unique devices, including our SkyOne systems across low, mid and high bands; launched advanced carrier aggregation capabilities across a suite of premium and value tier accounts, including Samsung, Motorola as well as Oppo, Vivo and ZTE. We secured design wins for Continental’s 4G LTE automotive systems, captured digital attenuator and multimode repeater designs at Audi, and enabled enterprise radio for Google’s 3.5 gigahertz band ecosystem. We also achieved several other milestones, including surpassing production of 2 billion filters cumulatively from our joint venture with Panasonic; ramping SkyBlue innovative technology for enhanced power management in LED flash drivers; commencing volume production of proprietary diversity received solutions and supporting the world’s first headcam with LTE connectivity in 4k video streaming. These major wins and others demonstrate our expanding customer and end market reach across both mobile platforms and the Internet of Things. At this point, I will turn the call over to Don for a more in depth review of our financial results.
Don Palette: Thanks, Liam and thanks again for joining us, everyone. We appreciate it. Revenue for the third quarter was $751.7 million and that’s ahead of our guidance. Gross profit was $382.3 million or 50.9% of revenue and that’s in line with our guidance and up 190 basis points from the third quarter last year. Operating expenses were $107.6 million. That consists of R&D expense of $70.2 million and SG&A expense of $37.4 million. We generated $274.7 million of operating income, translating into a 36.5% operating margin. Our cash tax rate was 12.7%, resulting in net income of $238.1 million or $1.24 diluted earnings per share, $0.03 ahead of our guidance. Our cash tax rate is now projected lower for fiscal 2016 at 14%. The Q3 rate was favorably impacted by a year-to-date adjustment from the prior 14% – 14.7% annual rate. Turning to a summary of our third fiscal quarter cash flow metrics, we invested $57 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $54.6 million, generated $141 million in cash flow from operations. We returned over $240 million to shareholders via dividends and the repurchase of 3 million shares during the quarter. Looking at product mix for the third quarter of fiscal 2016, integrated mobile systems was 55% of revenue, broad markets was 29% and power amplifiers was 16%. Now, moving on to our fourth fiscal quarter business outlook. Based on the broad market traction, our new program ramps as well as the content gains Liam has outlined, we expect fourth quarter revenue to be up 10% to 11% sequentially to $831 million at the midpoint. The double-digit revenue growth we expect in Q4 followed by continued growth into our first fiscal quarter will reduce inventory. We have level loaded our factories and positioned ourselves well to address a series of new filter-rich program ramps with leading customers. For fiscal Q4, we suggest modeling gross margin at 51%. It’s worth noting that our Q4 gross margin guidance implies a 100 basis point improvement versus the prior year fourth quarter even with a lower revenue base. Looking at OpEx, we expect R&D and SG&A expenses to be flat with Q3, reflecting continued cost structure discipline. Below the line, we anticipate around $1 million in interest and other expenses, a cash tax rate of 14%. We expect share count to be roughly 190 million shares, driving fourth fiscal quarter fully diluted EPS of $1.43. Lastly, we also announced today that our Board has authorized an 8% dividend increase and a new 400 million stock repurchase program, underscoring the confidence we have in our business model and our ability to deliver superior returns to our shareholders. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Liam.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Don. Our third quarter execution highlights our differentiated competitive positioning and the strength of our business model. We are levered to powerful secular technology forces and we have spent the last decade aligning the company to capitalize on these strategic macro trends, propelling our mobile IoT and broad market opportunity. First is the explosive growth of mobile data across the vast set of applications and usage cases, driving performance from device to cloud and beyond. Next, we are seeing an ever-increasing expansion of connected things, with tens of billions of newly connected devices brought to market over the next 5 years. And finally, we address a tremendous ecosystem and new economy that thrives on the ability to leverage high-speed and secure connectivity at the heart of their business. Enabling these connections is the sweet spot of our franchise. In mobile, we have growing content positions across all of the world’s premier OEMs, leveraging our unique capabilities to meet our customers’ increasing need for higher performance solutions. We are also building momentum in broad markets, particularly in IoT, with engagements at leading players, including Amazon, ARRIS, Cisco, Fitbit, GE, Google Nest, Honeywell, Itron, LG and others. Our success here has been brought about by a broad and growing list of wins in adjacent markets like industrial, energy management, security, health and fitness and the smart home. Today, we participate in all of these verticals through our suite of diverse technologies, including support for WiFi, ZigBee, Bluetooth, GPS, small cell and LTE standards. At the same time, we are building presence in key verticals like automotive, with leaders such as Continental, Audi, Ford, Kia, GM and Volkswagen. Underpinning all of our solutions is the skyrocketing demand for wireless data. Whether it’s Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google or Tesla, there is a powerful and expanding ecosystem, monetizing and relying upon efficient, high speed, low latency, seamless and secure connections. This ecosystem spans across enterprise to e-commerce to social media and a burgeoning set of entirely new applications fueled by connectivity. In an effort to facilitate this massive and growing wave of data delivery, creation and movement in storage, our customers are implementing methods to improve performance with carrier aggregation, received diversity, MIMO and ultimately 5G capabilities. This dynamic requires a continuous increase in the levels of analog and mixed signal performance, enhanced power efficiency, high-precision filtering as well as configurable systems integration capabilities. Skyworks’ suite of products and system solutions are squarely aimed at resolving the intense performance demands facing our customers. So to summarize, we delivered above guidance results in the quarter, driven by increasing global demand for high speed connectivity coupled with strong operational execution. And as our guidance reflects, we are planning for sustained market outperformance with operating leverage and strong cash flow generation. Clearly, we remain well positioned to realize our vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let’s open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Charles on for Toshiya Hari. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering with inventory at these levels, can you kind of walk through some of the content and unit assumptions that underpin your confidence in being able to get inventories down going into Q1?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, as we discussed in the prepared remarks, lot of that inventory is filter driven and really filters that are designed into known programs with known ramps in the second half, not only transmit solutions, but also receipt side technologies, some GPS technologies and an expanding set of customers now that will be taking those filters and those solutions into their applications. So the lion’s share of that material, that inventory, largely filters is really lined up relative to second half ramps with known customers so and a very clear demand curve.
Don Palette: And just to follow-up generically on the inventory and just keep in mind that that inventory growth that you are seeing in the Q3 is it supports the second half. Volumes were up about 11% quarter-over-quarter and then there is growth as we continue in the fiscal Q1 of ‘17. There were multiple things that Liam was talking about burning the inventory down. I am just going to give you the summary of why the level is where it’s at. The level, we were level loading factories to meet that second half demand. The share gains in filters especially silicon is driven by new programs. There is specific growth assigned to some ramps and there is essentially no risk with any of – risk with this inventory. We also had a new hub arrangement for a large customer in Asia. That’s a one-time stocking bump in inventory. And some of the projected product mix into Q4 just has longer lead times for some of the outsourced materials and it’s primarily silicon wafer. So the bottom line, we are very confident in the decline going forward and getting the turns back towards historical levels. So this is a short-term issue that we are working through based on those dynamics.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, that’s helpful. And then as a follow-up, I guess with the – given the buyback, could you just maybe run through some of your thoughts on M&A and your strategy on diversification via M&A?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, I mean we first and foremost are committed to running our core business. And we think there is great opportunity to leverage not only our strength in mobile, but now you are hearing more and more about our opportunities in broad market, specifically IoT. So we are committed to that. Now in parallel, we have a disciplined view on M&A, but we certainly are looking at potential opportunities. We will share more with you as they come about. But we are focused on our core, but have the powder, the balance sheet and the opportunity to certainly augment that with M&A as needed.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For the first one, Liam I was wondering if you could just give us a sense of the overall demand environment, obviously the industry has come through an inventory correction at your largest customer, are we past all those problems, so now we should start to expect more normalized growth, if you could address that. And also if you could take it more broadly to the trends you are seeing at your Korean and Chinese customers, I think basically, I think investors want to understand, are we past some of the issues we saw in the first half and it’s a more normalized growth environment going forward or is the industry still struggling with a little bit of the inventory issues that came about in the first half?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Vivek. I will take both of those questions. Well yes, I mean we have been through a challenging first half of the calendar year, for sure. And I think that’s been well publicized and reflected in our numbers in the past. We are seeing improving conditions right now. We are seeing all of our Tier 1s grow. And more importantly, we are seeing our content position expand and their need for the content expand. So the dynamic around performance and our ability to resolve performance with systems level solutions is coming together quite well. And you can see in this guide 10% to 11%, pretty solid guide up into Q4. We feel that that’s sustainable. We expect – so early for Q1, but we do expect to be up again into Q1, so that’s kind of a broad statement. And if you look at China and Samsung, both of those opportunities, China being more of a broad opportunity with some of the flagship names like Huawei doing very, very well for us and China will be one of our faster growing areas. Samsung, we got content gains on the GS7. That’s looking good this year. Samsung will be probably a 15%-plus account for us year-over-year. We are lining out for the GS8. So what you can look at here at a high level is this continuous need for performance and Skyworks’ ability to address not only our core positions in SkyOne and some of the transmit chain, but also an increasing position in analog and increasing position in the receive side, WiFi and other technologies that will allow us to grow our share.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Atif Malik of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. A question on the gross margins, I mean your gross margin were a smidge below the 51% guidance you gave, even with the higher revenue level and broad markets doing better and your guidance of 51% is flat on higher revenue, can you just talk about incremental gross margins, we have not seen these lower committed gross margins in the last like six quarters, so can you talk about the puts and takes on your gross margin line and should we be thinking about 60% incremental gross margins moving forward and also a 53% mid-term model that you have shared in the past? And I have a follow-up.
Don Palette: Yes, sure. We will talk about the incremental contribution margin that we saw in Q3, being that that was a down revenue quarter, was actually a number that was very good in the high 40s. And when you are in down revenue, you want the number to be below which you are normally posting, so that’s good. When you do look at the guidance, we are at about 52.5% on an incremental basis and that’s simply reflective of the backdrop, the unique elements that we highlighted in the Q4 inventory. Going forward when you are looking at our earnings model opportunity, the 53% is absolutely still our target. And we expect these incremental margins very, very quickly to get back to the 58% kind of level, which is what we have communicated consistently externally. So there is no issues there. We are just working through this the inventory issues and the tough backdrop issues that Liam mentioned, but nothing else specific.
Atif Malik: Great. And then you mentioned in your prepared remarks about the low, mid and high socket wins in the Huawei phone, can you just talk about why we don’t see you in mid and high band in some of the other flagship models in India and Korea and in the U.S. and if you guys are planning to get to those sockets or maybe the specifications of the Huawei phones are different than those other devices? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. No, that’s a great question. So first off, I will tell you we are encroaching some of the mid and high bands organically with enhanced performance in our TC SAW factory. And as noted in the prepared remarks, we have shipped over 2.5 billion filters, all of which were consumed by our systems solution. So we are not a discrete filter company. Having said that, our performance levels not only with the filter, but the entirety of the system, so if you think about what customers want from us is they want solutions that resolve this tremendous complexity. And those solutions from Skyworks are really system level. They include our own gallium arsenide HBT process that we have in-house, our SOI process, our deep IP and switching, our ability to craft MCMs for very, very low loss and high efficiency, delivering a complete module. So our modules can often include our own TC SAW. We have been able to move the TC frequency up to mid-band. And in some cases, if the frequencies are not applicable for TC SAW we can address by our foundry partners for bulk. So that’s what you are seeing now in the Huawei phone. I think you will continue to see us extend our reach in frequencies and continue to do what customers want, really simplify their solutions, give them the best end-to-end efficiency and the best systems level performance.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question, it comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I guess I am still trying to understand the inventory. You said that you are building ahead of the ramp, but the revenue is guided down like $50 million year-over-year at the midpoint. So, I would have thought that if you are building for more content gains that you would think that the revenue guidance would have been a little bit better year-over-year. So, is the answer really that it’s going to sell through more in the fourth calendar quarter? Because I guess if you could commit to a big up fourth calendar quarter, then the inventory build would make a little more sense. I am wondering if you can comment on that? Thanks.
Don Palette: Part of the sell-through, you will see both the Q4 and then into Q1 as well. You will see both of those, so that’s clearly part of it.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And then also just recall that we have 3x the size of our filter franchise so to speak. When we get the deal with Panasonic, we had one site in Kadoma. We have added a large site in Osaka. We have many more customers now that are engaged with us with filter-based solutions. So, we are running that larger factory, running that larger footprint in high-performance filters, there is more WIP, there is more inventory, and there is more programs by which we are going to sell into. So, that’s the difference when you look at year-over-year. The size of our filter franchise is quite a bit bigger. The number of customers that we address is quite a bit larger. And specifically in the second half calendar year, you are going to see that action come to bear and we are going to see the inventories come down as well.
Don Palette: I am sorry, one thing that I wanted to add to is that when you look at the build that we had this quarter it’s all raw materials and WIP. There is literally no finished goods build, very little. So, that just supports that future growth opportunity.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just when you look at the September guidance, just trying to better understand what you are embedding in there, if you can talk about what you think broad markets will do into September? And then assuming that’s not down a ton, it looks like the integrated mobile is down year-over-year. Obviously, your largest customer has a got unit headwind to deal with. You have content gains offsetting. Is there any other headwinds that you are dealing with in integrated mobile?
Liam Griffin: Well, I mean I think for the most part if you look at the quarter here, we are speaking Q4 guide, we are still – there is some headwind in some ways of mix, legacy mix SAW that it really hasn’t come to bear. But we have factored that in. We are seeing overall growth. If you were to exclude our largest customer, we are up 10% to 12% year-over-year in the quarter. So, I mean, some of the headwinds with our larger customers still are reflected in our numbers. We are growing the non-core PAB business quite well and that’s IoT. That’s diverse and you received technologies that are quite new for us. Our WiFi business is strong. All those portfolios look very good on a year-over-year basis. And we are starting to get out of the inventory hold that we mentioned with some of our larger customers. And things definitely look better in the second half with respect to that.
Blayne Curtis: Liam, just on broad markets, you had a very strong quarter in June despite the divestiture was up. Could you just talk about the trajectory down into September?
Liam Griffin: Yes, will be up a little bit in September, probably 5% to 8%. I will tell you this though within broad market, IoT is it will be up 10% to 15%. And year-over-year, IoT is probably headed for high-teens. So within the broad market space, what you have there, Blayne, is some markets that are doing quite well IoT. We also have some legacy markets like infrastructure that are great markets and have super margin, but just have been flattish in terms of top line. So, the blend together looks good, but IoT is the sweet spot within broad. It’s really special for us right now.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot. You introduced a whole bunch of new products here such as the digital attenuators and antenna tuning, etcetera. Can you talk a little bit about how much of your content on the phone now comes from outside of pad type device? I know there is lots of SKUs out there, but just trying to get a sense of how broad you are getting now across the phone outside of just some more classic parts?
Liam Griffin: Yes, no, that’s a great – I don’t have an exact stat for you, but I will tell you, it’s definitely increased over the last year and it will increase in the second half of this year. Some examples you have mentioned us talk about diversity you received. I mean, this is some real elegant proprietary technology that Skyworks has created. It levers our filter technology. It levers our LNA, low noise amplifier expertise, our switching and again that configurability with our own MCM. Great technology and what it does is just tremendous, tremendous improvements in the downlinks portion of the phone. And if you think about the way typical usage cases that broke on phone, downlink is critical. So, we provided great enhancement to downlink speed. That’s one area that is relatively new for us and it should be a big growth driver. Some of the SkyBlue technology that we mentioned before is unique for us, driving power efficiency through the system. We have had WiFi for quite a while, but now what we are starting to see is MIMO WiFi in some of the leading flagship phones. Our content virtually can double with MIMO. There is a lot of great things happening, antenna tuning and other points, GPS for location-based services. If you think about we have talked about the ecosystem with some of the big tech players now engaged in mobile, a lot of these folks are involved in payment. They want to know exactly where people are, precise location. We have a GPS portfolio now that is really emerging and increasing attach rate with some of our customers. So, all those things blend in. And you are seeing definitely a larger increase in kind of the nontraditional pad business, although that remains core, but a bigger swing now to some of these newer devices.
Steve Smigie: Okay, great. Thanks. And I was just wondering, I mean obviously as other folks mentioned, it’s been a little tough with some big customers out there being challenged, but do you have some sense of when you think you may – what quarter you might return to year-over-year growth rates?
Liam Griffin: Yes, year-over-year – okay, so ‘16 to ‘15?
Steve Smigie: Right, yes. So, I mean, is it possible to say like March of ‘17, would that be a quarter where we would expect to start to see sort of year-over-year growth rates resuming?
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes absolutely. Okay, I got your question now. Yes. I mean, certainly, we get through the second half year. Obviously, we are coming off of a $752 million, 10% up. We expect to be up again in Q1. We don’t have a full guide yet for that quarter. But I think when we get into the March quarter we should be back on track with year-over-year growth. And then just also just to remind you, I think we mentioned it before, but even in the September quarter, we are looking at comparable levels of operating income percentage, so comparable levels of profitability even at lower revenue. So, it has been a challenging period for us, the last couple of quarters. But I think you can see some financial discipline here at least in the P&L.
Don Palette: Yes. And you will see sort of normal sequential growth pattern starting again, but the year-over-year, as Liam says, is going to be in the second quarter when we see that.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Edward Snyder at Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Filters, you mentioned over 200 – or 2 billion of those filters, but probably like 37 are TC SAW. Is the big expansion in Panasonic facility all for TC SAW, Liam or would you get into SAW manufacturing? And if you do, how is that going to impact the GM, because I know think you are finding those on the outside world now? And then the second question, on the competitive environment when you are done, please?
Liam Griffin: Okay. No, a great question. So, yes, certainly the filters that we produce thus far have largely been TC SAW. And as you know well, I mean that as a flavor of high-performance filters that’s in high demand and it’s allowed us to lever that up into SkyOne systems for low and in some cases, mid-band. And it’s been served us very well. Now, going back to standard SAW filters is actually quite easy. It’s fewer process steps. You will eliminate the silicon dioxide plating. It’s a cheaper process for us. And you are correct that we do still spend quite a bit of money outside for a third-party SAW. So, there is potential opportunity for us to bring that in-house. And then finally that site in Osaka has the ability. It’s a phenomenal site, class 10 clean-room, beautiful facility and we do have the opportunity to expand further and higher frequencies if needed.
Edward Snyder: Okay. And then you are clearly number one in TC SAW, but by a distant margin here. So, it sounds like your expansion plans are going to be even further. Now, in the competitive environment, I mean it seems like it’s shifting pretty dramatically here. Marotta has already stated this losing share to largest customer this year. And it looks like that’s all to you, but then you are also splitting the little [indiscernible] with Qorvo. You didn’t do that last year. Qorvo has also entered the DRx section at Samsung where they weren’t last year. So, how do you see, Liam, the competitive environment shaking out in say, calendar year 2017? Are the Japanese firm which are disappearing, I mean, you guys got Panasonic [indiscernible] – are they going to disappear faster than say Qorvo shows up at some of these sockets? And is all this going to be kind of a footnote to overall TAM growth in the RF section in ‘17? I am just trying to get your view of the bigger picture. Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes, that’s a lot. Let me try to help you with that. So, I will tell you what we see. We see the performance nodes going up and up and up, with each successive generation whether it be our largest customer over the next two or three down, we really see that happening. And that’s actually – that’s propelled our growth more than anything, our ability to hit the more challenging architectures and do it with profitable solutions and integrated solutions that served us very, very well. We are confident that you will be able to see content gains with all of the leading accounts, regardless of baseband partitioning. We are agnostic to baseband. We work with Qualcomm. We work with Intel. We work with MediaTek, Hisilicon, all of those players. And so we don’t expect any issue with that. But yes, competitively the companies that can hit the performance and the companies that can do that elegantly and unburden our customers with these daunting challenges that they are facing, those are the ones that are going to win and we will be at the top of that list. I mean that’s the whole essence of Skyworks to try to drive a strategy around performance, integrate as much as we can, work with our customers, listen to what they need, it may be different. Every account wants something different, but be flexible enough, leveraging our internal capabilities, leveraging [indiscernible] for highly configurable devices, picking the right flavor of filter, but really looking at systems performance from input to output. If we do that well, our business will follow.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Cody Acree of Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree: Thanks for taking my question. And maybe just continuing on that theme with your expansion in capacity and really seeing significant expansion at Qorvo and at Broadcom as well, are you concerned at all about the supply-demand balance of this industry as we get that over the next few quarters?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Cody, its funny if you look at what is happening in these devices now, it is incredible. The filter count that is absolutely required by our customers and just by virtue of the crowded spectrum that we see. So there is going to be I think a shake on who is going to wind and who isn’t going to win based on how we put those filters into a complete system. Our customers really are less interested in buying discrete components today and more interested on those highly efficient engines that we spoke of. So we are very confident with our ability to address and as you know from history with Skyworks, we are very disciplined on our CapEx and we are careful with where we invest. So we certainly know where our filter strategy is going and our ability to win. And with respect our competition, we have competed with Avago and Qorvo and others for years and years and we certainly like our outlook here at Skyworks.
Cody Acree: And just trying to get maybe a little clearer picture on the September guide, I know you have been asked and answered these questions about inventory, but do you believe that you are still dealing with anything that’s either causing you to be conservative or weighing a bit on that 10% to 11% guide, you got obviously there a major customer build that you are prepping for, you got some seasonality happening, you got what appears to be a relatively healthy market in China, maybe I think I am just a bit surprised that this wasn’t a bit stronger guide?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes. I mean 10% to 11% is I think is a pretty healthy move up for us. Yes. There has been of course some lingering effects of legacy platforms that we have had to manage through and that is be managed through, so all of that is reflected in the numbers. I will tell you one thing that we really need to highlight here again is absent our largest customer, we are up 10% to 12% year-over-year. And also across mobile, we are specifically expanding our content reach. It was a question that was asked earlier on the call. But the percentage of revenue we derive in mobile with technologies that are really more like analog mix signal, that percentage is going up. Our IoT business looks very strong right now, our broad market business looks very strong. It’s been a tough opening two quarters of the calendar year, quite frankly. And we are coming out of that now. Is there some lingering headwinds that are reflected in the number, yes possibly so, but that’s in the guide.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question, it comes from the line of Anthony Stoss of Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead.
Anthony Stoss: Hi guys. Just drilling down with further Liam on China, can you talk about how much it was up in June, do you expect it to be up also in the September quarter, what percent in China currently makes for your business overall total revenues and what you think the inventory in the channel looks like in the China? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Sure Tony. Well at a high level, China is about 25% of our company revenue. And they were up sequentially more than 10%. They look good in the second half calendar year. I think one of the accounts that we highlighted in the prepared remarks was Huawei. We have got a great position there, not only with the P9 phone that we mentioned, but with the Honor series and others. There is also another opportunity in China I think most of you know. But China is a tremendous export player to the rest of the world and there are still 2 billion to 3 billion people out there that have no connectivity. And so we are able to speed that through our partnerships with MediaTek and Spreadtrum and even Hisilicon that often make models that will go to India, the Middle East, Africa and some of the other emerging markets. So we look good there. The recent numbers in China have been strong. We are also seeing, I think some of these came through some of our peer group’s calls as well. We are seeing a move more towards five modes from three modes, so that increases our content. The recent carrier data shows some better pickup in 4G, LTE. That’s good. So for the most part, China has been actually really an improving story here in the last few months.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question, it comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava of BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Kulin Patel: Hi, it’s Kulin Patel for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my question. On China, we also heard from others talk about strength in China recently, are you concerned about overbuilding there, given the strength in China?
Liam Griffin: No, we are not concerned about overbuilding. We have – one of the larger accounts we have in China now we have moved to a hub arrangement, which is again part of the inventory issue. But it’s fully lined up, you can’t overbuild in that environment, so you basically just meet your customers’ hub needs. They pull the open market, broad customers in China. We work very closely with MediaTek and some of the other baseband partners to get a broad forecast. Some of the solutions that we sell into that ecosystem are fungible. So they can be sold to multiple customers. That will net out the puts and takes of kind of broader market within China. But no, we feel very, very solid about the inventory dynamics and revenue dynamics with respect to China. We have been in that market for a long time. We were a 2G player, a 3G player. And now actually with 4G and our ability to expand reach, the market for us now is probably the best it’s ever been.
Kulin Patel: Thanks. And a quick follow-up, earlier in the year you talked about divesting Trans-Tech I think with a ceramic filter company and I think in your last 10-Q, it looks like you are no longer divesting this asset, can you talk about what would maybe changed your mind on that?
Don Palette: To answer your question specifically, they continue to be part of a business. We haven’t gone ahead with that sale. And it’s just the business that at this point, we are comfortable keeping. And we think that there is some growth opportunity going forward associated with it.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question, it comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Just going back to the inventory build, do you think this will be kind of a one quarter issue or is it something that it takes kind of into the December quarter to work down. And then any kind of sense of just for the gross margin impact that you are seeing as you have to throttle back a bit?
Don Palette: Yes. As far as where we think it’s going to be, it’s going to be flat to slightly down going into this quarter. But remember, that’s also supporting higher revenue growth going forward, so some of that is the impact of the revenue growth. The turns are going to begin to move back to historical levels. So as far as the velocity of the inventory, you are going to see us get back there very, very quickly.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then just going back from a dollar content perspective as you look into the fall and upcoming launches, just a general sense as to how you feel about the growth in dollar content?
Liam Griffin: No, we feel very positive about the growth in dollar content. And I know I have said it a couple of times already in the call, it’s really twofold. It’s continuing to do well in our core business and our core opportunities in mobile, but also getting a larger region to some of these other opportunities within a handset. And you will see that going out by leading customers.
Operator: Okay, thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Kumar of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Hi, Liam. First of all, congratulations on your new position. One of the questions we get a lot from investors is about your bar strategy or lack of it, how many of the upper end slots and filters can TC SAW address and eventually what would you guys have to do to be able to get to that upper level of filters?
Liam Griffin: Sure, thanks Harsh. Well, as I outlined earlier, we can address the upper level of filters today. We just we do it with foundry partners, for example. We would love to be able to build it in-house and that’s something that’s not out of our reach. It just isn’t there today. Our TC SAW capability has moved up in frequency where it was largely just a low band play, maybe 600 meg and 900 meg. We now have technology well over 1 gig, getting close to 2 gig and 2.5 gig. And again, back to what I was mentioning before, we don’t have an appetite for selling discrete filters. So, when we sell a filter, it is wrapped within a complete system. So, the filter contributes some level of performance. But you also have your HBT, your switch, your MCM and your ability to minimize losses within your layout. So, a lot – and that – with Skyworks, virtually all of that I mentioned is controlled in-house. So, think about us as a system solutions player. Filters play a role in that system. But the entirety of the architecture is what matters. So, we have won programs with Huawei. We are close with some other customers. There maybe a few opportunities where optimal filter performance is the number one requirement. That maybe the case for some of the discrete applications or maybe some super high performance, high-band sockets. Today, perhaps we can’t address that. But we have the engineering talent, the filter assets and the people and the processes in place to continue to push that envelope and grow them.
Harsh Kumar: Great. And for my follow-up, Liam, what is the – what are the one or two major focus areas for you in the first 12 months of your CEOhood?
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes, sure, thanks. Well, number one, we definitely want to continue this push by leveraging our core in mobile and taking advantage of this expanding opportunity that we mentioned, receive side technology, WiFi technology, GPS, power management and others and try to create the same systems level approach in that section that has worked so well for us in SkyOne and in transmit. That’s one. The second is stepping up in IoT. I mean, this is the market we talked about for the last few years. We talked about broad market. But within that, the IoT landscape and the class of customers that we engage with today is phenomenal. And we have a unique opportunity, because most of the players in IoT feature one or two connectivity topologies. We have WiFi. We have Bluetooth. We have ZigBee. We have low-power technology. We have power management. And we have tremendous know-how on how to make connected things work and make them work wirelessly. So, we are excited about that. We are going to put more resources around that part of our business. Some other opportunities that have really come along nicely, albeit still quite small, are markets like automotive. We are being pulled into some of the premier players that we mentioned in the opening remarks bringing in full LTE modules and automotive very high performance, high-reliability modules that’s looking good. So we are going to fire on all of those cylinders and then from there continue to drive with the best people and the best execution in our space.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Craig Ellis of B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question. I will start with a question for Don. Don, if I approach the gross margin issue in a different way. As you look at getting from where you are back to those 58% incremental gross margins and prioritizing the improvement drivers that can close that gap, what’s on the list? It sounds like getting inventory down is one item. I think I heard you mentioned that filter in-sourcing is another, but what else is on the list? And how quickly did those different factors come into play and really provide tailwinds for the margin structure of the business?
Don Palette: Yes, they come in very, very quickly. Part of it when we talked about the inventory issue and the level loading that’s been going on, I mean even though the hybrid model serves us really well, we were able to pull in a down quarter as we are able to pull production capacity and externally. You are still not, during this period, we weren’t running completely full. So, that’s going to be something that’s very quickly going to get us back up into the incremental margin track. And that’s a big driver of this. And then the other thing is the new product launches as we move forward. We have said we are very focused on every new generation of products going to provide incremental margins. So, that will all be in the mix as we move forward. We are excited about some of the IoT opportunity, as Liam talked about. So, those are the things, Craig, that – and we have a lot of confidence in the visibility to get down the road to the 53% target. That’s still in front of us, for sure.
Craig Ellis: Okay. And then the follow-up is for Liam. Liam, Skyworks I think has been well-known for an above industry average grower. It doesn’t look like it’s playing out that way this year, but we understand the challenges that exist with the large customer. The question is, how patient will you be with the business in getting back to above industry average growth organically? And at what point, will you feel like you have to press for M&A to diversify the business and get back to some of the growth rates and relative growth rates that we are used to seeing from the company?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Craig. That’s a great question. Well, first of all, I am committed and have great confidence that the organic business, the organic franchise will be an outperformer in terms of growth. Now, we are a bigger company than we were a couple of years ago. There is some level of maturity in unit growth and mobile, which has been the biggest market for us, but we are able to augment that with the share moves that we have talked about. And think again about the usage case that the entities that use mobile technology and what they want and it’s daunting. So, I think it will be solid in core mobile. And I am very comfortable with the opportunity with TAM given some of the new architectures and roadmaps that we have visibility into. Broad market needs to become much more of an IoT play for us. I think that’s really what broad markets means now. And we have great solutions for it. I think we need to put more people behind it, more engineering and help folks behind that. That should work. Now, in parallel, M&A is absolutely an opportunity for Skyworks. We have a tremendous balance sheet. We generated a ton of cash. And I think we will be able to do the right deal when it comes about. But having said all of that, day to day, we are running the franchise, optimizing the franchise, doing everything we can to continue to put the growth up, the margins up, and satisfy our customers. M&A is another area that we will continue to pursue.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question is from the line of Mike Burton of Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Mike Burton: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me in. So, obviously we are a little early to be talking about the December quarter. But given your visibility into product ramps and kind of inventory levels, how do you think we should be thinking about the December quarter relative to kind of normal seasonality? I think it’s been bouncing around quite a bit, but kind of in the mid-single digits historically?
Don Palette: Yes, Mike. I think at this point, again we can provide some color on it. We are not in the guiding the numbers, but I think if you look at sort of the historical growth opportunity of high single-digits. That’s a number that I think is reasonable for your modeling right now when you think about that opportunity.
Mike Burton: Great. Thanks. And then Don also your thoughts on OpEx going forward, anything relative to BAW development or anything else that we should think about as we frame out our models? Thanks.
Don Palette: No, I mean, the BAW OpEx, the engineers that we have and the joint venture or the operations in Japan are already in the run rates. And then the investments we make will continue to be the headcount, which is primarily going to be engineering focused. That’s tended to be where we have done it. And I would go ahead and model after the December quarter, if you are adding about 2 million a quarter from that level I think that’s a reasonable assumption as we move forward. You can see during these last three quarters that with the backdrop we have been dealing with, we have done a good job of managing that number fairly flat during that timeframe. But going forward, we will be making investments and that will be primarily headcount.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Vijay Rakesh of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, guys. Just on the filter capacity, how much capacity are you adding this year, and is the TDK completely in-sourced now?
Don Palette: Could you repeat that?
Vijay Rakesh: In terms of filter capacity, how much capacity are you adding this year? And I know you are sourcing some filters from TDK, is that completely insourced now?
Liam Griffin: Yes, I mean the filter capacity right now we are in pretty good shape. There is a possibility as we try to move into certain specialty filters and perhaps move up in frequency. There could be additional CapEx. But we have – we made a very robust move in capital, expanding our line that we talked about. We now have about 3x the capacity that we had a couple of years ago. Again, with a number of platforms and customers lined up to consume that. So, that’s where we are in filters. And yes, we do continue to buy standard devices, standard filters from third-parties, TDK one of those and that’s potentially something that could change over time, but right now that they are a supplier for some of our filters, that’s correct.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And on the BAW side, you guys have talked about building out your own BAW filters, you have licensed it, where are you in that roadmap? Thanks.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, we are still looking into that as what is the right path to continue on that pace. And we absolutely plan to play in high-band. We are playing in it now. I talked about the Huawei platform and there are a few others. So, that’s something we will give you a little bit more color on perhaps in the next call, but it’s an area that we absolutely understand what’s needed to win. We are winning today with our current strategy and we will look at enhancing our strategy as we go forward.
Vijay Rakesh: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Quinn Bolton of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton: Thanks for taking my questions. Liam, just wanted to ask as you look back over the last year given some of the inventory problems, especially with large customers, to the extent, you had more of your products flowing through consignment hubs? Do you think that would have limited some of the volatility you had seen in the business? And if so, is there a push to try and bring more customers into consignment hubs going forward? And then I have got a follow-up for Don.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Quinn, well hindsight, you never know how it would look, right. So consignment hubs, some of our customers demand it. And we work with them on it and its fine. Others, they don’t operate with that model and it works out fine, too. I think we have unique situation here in the early part of the year. I think all of us in tech, at least in mobile ecosystem in our peer group felt the wrinkles on that. We have learned from it to some degree. But I don’t know if that would have been mitigated or altered with a different supply chain model. Ultimately, the products that we build go into end products that get sold through the channels. So I think that ultimately that’s all going to level out at some point, so we are not too concerned about it. Again we have one of our larger customers now in Asia that is requiring a hub arrangement with us. So we have work through that and that was actually part of our inventory here that Don mentioned.
Don Palette: One-time build there, yes.
Liam Griffin: But there isn’t anything significant around being in or out of the hub consignment play.
Quinn Bolton: Got it. Okay. And then for Don now with the higher dividend and new share repurchase is 40% of free cash flow to shareholders still a good target, are you thinking of moving that up to a higher level?
Don Palette: We have been running a little higher than that. I think you use 50%, that’s kind of a good – that’s just as we are trying to model, I think that’s fair.
Quinn Bolton: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our final questions come from the line of Chris Caso of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Just some clarification from some of the earlier comments, particularly with regard to utilization plans in the second half of the year, as the inventory comes down, are you expecting the utilization levels in the facilities to remain constant and I guess according to the answer to that question, what impact on gross margins…?
Don Palette: No, as we go forward, we actually we would expect them to go up slightly. We have kept those factories fairly full with the hybrid. But if anything, as you look into the earnings growth we go forward, we expect that to come up little bit. So that’s a positive impact to the margins as we move forward obviously, whenever we can maximize the internal capacity.
Chris Caso: Great, that’s clear. Thanks. And just the follow-up with the comments on China, you understand it sounds like you feel comfortable with what you are shipping against demand levels in China right now, just to be clear, are you expecting growth from your China customers in the second half versus the first half?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Chris, we are. We are expecting. And I think what we are seeing saying is kind of a nice bundle of higher performing players that are adopting some of that real rich content that we spoke about. That’s one area. And then the second area and kind of the value tier, we are seeing a nice move here in customers that become exporters into emerging market, so it’s twofold. Performance is going up in China. We are starting to see some real richness, Huawei’s one example. There is few others, Xiaomi is one. And then we are also seeing this great emerging market play that allows us to MediaTek and Spreadtrum and others to participate in an opportunity to connect that 3 billion unconnected. So it’s twofold, and second half will be stronger in China.
Chris Caso: Very helpful. Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Griffin for closing comments.
Liam Griffin: Thank you, operator and thank you all for participating on today’s call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and events. Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now hang up.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti - Vice President, Investor Relations David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Liam K. Griffin - President
Analysts: Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions' Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2016 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette, and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the resulting guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steve, and welcome everyone. Well we delivered another solid financial performance for the second fiscal quarter of 2016, posting year over year growth in revenue, profitability and earnings, even as we navigated through a combination of inventory adjustments and forecast reductions at one of our major customers. During the quarter we delivered revenue of $775 million. That's in line with our guidance. We posted gross margin of 50.8%. That's up 410 basis points year over year. We generated operating income of $285 million. That's up 10% year over year. We produced operating margin of 36.8%, and we provided $1.25 in earnings per share. That's up 9% versus the prior year. For the first half of fiscal 2016, we generated roughly $383 million in free cash flow, redistributing over 60% or $234 million to shareholders through our dividend plan and our share repurchase activity. Q2 was a solid quarter, highlighting the strong execution of our team and the robustness of our financial model. Our gross margin initiatives and operating expense discipline enabled us to both expand margins and earnings in a seasonally down quarter. The market environment remains challenging entering the third fiscal quarter. The June quarter is normally a transitional period in our sector, bridging the March quarter seasonal trough with a stronger second half of the calendar year. This year, inventory drawdowns and slower sell-through trends at our top customer are providing a drag on overall demand levels, impacting our Q3 guidance despite our strong growth in broader markets and with other OEMs. As we navigate through these customer-specific dynamics, our competitive position and our financial model remain quite strong. We continue to improve our gross margins and our overall financial returns, while investing aggressively in innovation and in capacity. It's also worth emphasizing a couple of important points. First, among our top customers, we see complexity and increasing performance requirements driving content expansion across the board. As an example, our overall content on Samsung's flagship Galaxy S7 platform is up 20% versus prior models. We've also secured more than $9 of content within Huawei's new flagship smartphone platforms, helping to drive over 40% year over year growth with this customer. Secondly, we continue to be highly successful in leading the market transition toward integrated solutions, and we're consolidating share while extending our technology leadership. And third, we continue to see significant traction with the Internet of Things, as evidenced by our 18% year over year growth in our broad markets products segment. These factors give us high confidence in our longer term growth prospects, and before providing more specifics on the market environment, I'll turn the call over to Don for a more in-depth review of our financial results.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us everyone. We appreciate it. Revenue for the second quarter was $775.1 million, and that's in line with our guidance, and up 1.7% versus the year-ago quarter. Gross profit was $393.6 million, or 50.8% of revenue, in line with our guidance, and up 410 basis points from the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Operating expenses were $108.6 million consisting of R&D expense of $73.1 million and SG&A expense of $35.5 million. We generated $285 million of operating income, up 10% from the year ago quarter, and that translates into a 36.8% operating margin. Our cash tax rate was 14.3%, resulting in net income of $242.3 million, or $1.25 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.01 ahead of our guidance and represents around a 9% year over year earnings growth. Turning to our second quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We invested $37 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $53.6 million. We generated $154.5 million in cash flow from operations and we exited the quarter with roughly $1.2 billion in cash on hand and no debt. We also repurchased 2 million shares of our common stock during the quarter at an average price of just over $67.50 a share. Given our confidence in our long-term business trends, we expect to continue to be very active with our share repurchase activity at current levels. Moving to product mix. For the second quarter of fiscal 2016, power amplifiers represented 17% of revenue, integrated mobile systems was 58%, and broad markets was 25%. We saw healthy growth in both integrated mobile systems and broad markets. We're quite pleased that our broad markets portfolio grew over 18% year over year in the second quarter. We continue to expect IMS to remain our strongest growth segment, followed by broad markets, while power amplifier products continue to decline as a percentage of our revenue as the market shifts towards higher value integrated solutions. Now for our third quarter business outlook. We expect third quarter revenue to be approximately $750 million with softness at our largest customer being partially offset by strong year over year growth at Samsung, in China and across the broad markets. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin at 51% with operating expenses flat to Q2 at approximately $108.5 million. It is worth noting that our Q3 gross margin guidance implies a 200 basis point improvement versus the prior year. Our strong gross margin outlook in the face of current market conditions highlights the benefits of our higher value integrated systems, along with our scale and flexible manufacturing operations. Looking ahead, we see opportunity for additional margin improvement, as we continue to ramp our custom solutions and leverage our recent capital investments. As a guideline, we recommend modeling a 60% incremental gross margin off of the third quarter baseline. We continue to target a goal of at least 53% gross margin for the company and have a number of initiatives in place to accelerate our progress towards achieving this goal. And below the line we anticipate around $1 million in interest and other expenses and a cash tax rate between 14.5% to 15%. We project our tax rate to remain in this range for the remainder of our 2016 fiscal year and we expect share count to be around 192.5 million shares, which results in a third quarter EPS of $1.21. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Don. Well, I'm very pleased by the resilience of our financial model in spite of the well-publicized market challenges to our near term top line growth. And even more importantly, I'm highly confident that the underlying technology themes fueling our long-term growth remain quite positive. And we're fortunate to be levered to powerful secular technology trends and we've spent the last decade aligning the company to capitalize on these. And with that in mind, I want to take just a moment to reiterate a couple of the more significant drivers that we see fueling our growth in the coming years. First is the Internet of Things. This opportunity is measured in the tens of billions of units, and projected to grow at an 83% CAGR through 2020. And our success here has been borne out by a broad and a growing list of wins in new markets like automotive, medical, industrial, wearables and the smart home. Today we participate in all of these verticals through our suite of connectivity solutions, which now includes support for low power, for wide area networking, for Wi-Fi, ZigBee, Bluetooth and GPS standards. Our design win pipeline provides a number of tangible examples of our success in this market. In fact, in this quarter alone, we landed new opportunities which include a vehicle-to-vehicle communication systems with Cadillac's 2017 platform, GPS-based industrial tracking devices for Iotera, a new connected home hub for a leading online retailer, Cat-M solutions for machine-to-machine applications in a variety of end markets, connectivity modules in set-top boxes for ARRIS, temperature control systems for multiple smart home solutions, analog IC supporting new smartwatch platforms, and 16 Skyworks devices in Cisco's latest large enterprise access point systems. The second major growth theme for us is the skyrocketing demand for data, wireless data, which is being fueled by a growing number of new applications like streaming media, like mobile advertising, virtual reality, and cloud-based services across consumer and enterprise applications. These services are all in their infancy, and they consume a tremendous amount of bandwidth, drastically increasing demands on networks and on devices. As sophisticated as today's devices are, they're simply not good enough to support the immense data requirements of these types of new applications, which will be rolling out over the next few years. To address this performance gap, OEMs today are implementing techniques like carrier aggregation, receive diversity, MIMO and ultimately 5G, which require dramatically higher levels of analog performance at the semiconductor level. As a technology enabler to these system upgrades, our addressable content per device is rising, driving TAM growth well in excess of the broader semiconductor space. Both of these secular growth themes are playing out for us in real time. And we're capitalizing by combining a strategic focus on higher value added integrative solutions with unrivaled scale, advanced manufacturing capabilities, and a deep system level knowhow. This is the key reason that we are consistently delivering among the best financial returns in the semiconductor sector, in a variety of market conditions. In closing, looking past the near-term volatility, we've created a unique and a robust business model, fueled by the proliferation of connectivity, and combining above market top-line growth, healthy cash flow, and the financial returns of a best-in-class diversified analog company. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line, please.
Operator: Thank you. Given time constraints, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And our first question will come from Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer. Go ahead, please.
Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, thanks guys. My first question is, I guess basically, how do you see revenues trending through the quarter, through the June quarter? Maybe what the shape of that revenue curve is. Do we expect to see a V at any point during the quarter, or does that come in the July timeframe.?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rick. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, I think June is normally a seasonal and a transitional period for us. Now it's a little bit challenging this year for a couple of reasons, and it's with our largest customer, right. Unlike prior years, units will be down year over year really for the first time, and they're also absorbing some excess inventory, which adds a headwind. So I think as we absorb that issue outside of this, we expect all other areas of the business to be very strong. We think our revenue will be up over 10% when we exclude this customer. We're seeing strength at Samsung on G7, growth in China. Our broad markets business will be up 15% to 20% on a year over year basis. So we're obviously not immune, though, to significant reductions from this customer. But I think we'll fare better than most, and we'll continue to focus on return to the business.
Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, and then maybe a related question, Dave. If you look at how your internal capacity, today how does it line up with the current demand? And I guess, can you quantify? Or is there a discernible impact on gross margin today that we'll see a natural or a noticeable uptick in the second half as volumes improve?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah hi, Rick, this is Don. I mean one of the things if you looked at what the forecasts continued to change in this quarter. And one of the things you see that in is our inventory is up a little bit more than normally would be up for us. And that's you're seeing there where we discontinued the product. It was a lot easier to do that in the short term than to worry about taking labor out and making changes, so that all made sense for us. So as far as going forward, so our fabs and our Mexicali facility, we're pretty much at utilization, and we don't expect that to change a lot going forward. So the margin improvement you're seeing is just the normal improvements that we would build off of the product mix that we're shipping. So I wouldn't expect a big change because of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great, thank you very much. Just on a big picture, if you look at the RF TAM market for 2016 and 2017, obviously with Apple going through its product transition and softer demand and the premier tier weak, that's impacting the growth for 2016. Do you still see this growth in this market as a mid teens CAGR and do you think it would reaccelerate in 2017? And do you think the industry could be below 10% growth this year? Thank you.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well I think, Mike, there's some positives and negatives going on in the current environment, right. On the positive side, answering the growth question, we continue to see our content go up with each and every new generation. This year is no different, no different. We're pulling more functionality into our integrated mobile systems, we're expanding our footprint with more functionality. And in fact, we're continuing to see fewer competitors, so we're able to consolidate share. Our IoT business, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, is up both sequentially and year over year and these are very positive tailwinds. I think 2016 is a little bit of a unique year because I think you're going to see some high level smartphone softness given global macroeconomic choppiness, and of course as we discussed with our top customer, there's overall unit sales decline in the second half of the year, which gives some unfavorable comps. And of course, they're aggressively ramping down the legacy models, which creates an inventory burn. So I think 2016 we have to look at as a unique phenomenon, and I suspect as you go through the second half of 2016 it will be much more positive. We'll start to see strong sequential growth in 2017. I do absolutely see growth in the overall RF and analog TAM being double digits year over year.
Operator: Okay, was that all, Mr. Walkley?
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes, thank you.
Operator: All right, thank you. Then we'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question and good job on the execution. I know there are headwinds that the industry is facing. So as my first question, Dave, how should we think about the back half and what the visibility looks like in terms of content growth and if there are any differences, if your flagship customers go with an Intel baseband versus a Qualcomm baseband?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we answered it. I think you're going to see this inventory headwind with our large customer, as well muted overall year over year growth. That's an issue we're going to deal with here in 2016. I would expect that in September you'll see double digit sequential growth, so I think that's going to be no different. We'll see a very strong back half of the year, moving into 2017 on the backs of more content, a larger target for our newer products, broad markets being up. Maybe, Liam, you could add.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure, Vivek. With respect to the baseband partitioning that you may have mentioned there, I mean certainly we do quite well with both Qualcomm as well as Intel. And let me give you some confidence that we fully expect in the second half of the year to be launching with our flagship models with incremental gains year over year, significant incremental gains, regardless of baseband, well diversified across both and also well diversified across our product reach.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Very useful. And then as my follow-up, Dave, what are your latest thoughts on M&A? Because I understand you do have very good organic growth prospects, but the volatility around your largest customer is not going away any time soon, but you do have a very good balance sheet. You have a good record of operational consistency. You have good packeting assets. So how do you leverage those aspects to diversify? And as part of that, if you could also sort of roll in what were the learnings and feedback from the PMC bid that might inform you as you think about any potential M&A?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Vivek, thanks for the question. We think of diversification in two ways. First of all, we have been consistently diversifying our business. We've used M&A each year since we formed the company to continue to look for more functionality, more relevance in the broad market sector, more content in both mobile and our broad markets business. And the most recent addition was filters, prior to that power management, Wi-Fi and the like. And so we view acquisitions as an important element of our growth where we are selective. We don't need to buy growth. What we need to do is continue to look for ways to differentiate ourselves in our target markets. So you should look for us to continue to add strategically acquisitions that make sense and they'll primarily be as you mentioned in diversification and driving diversification into new markets and more content in new markets.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Go ahead, please.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Don, I just wanted to make sure I understood. You built inventory in the March quarter these on sales levels, and then I guess you're down into June's. It sounded like you were going to keep utilizations the same. And so does that mean inventories go up? And then the second part is, can you just talk about your visibility? You said new products should have higher margins. Just as you look into the second half, that's the other put to gross margin. Are you seeing a drag on utilization? And then what is the new products? What's your visibility into the uplift there?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, keep in mind, and thanks for the question, because it sort of needed to fill in a piece there, that we do have the high remodel. Recognize that we outsource some wafer supply. We outsource some assembly and test, so we're able to modulate that. But as far as running our internal operations, we're going to keep that utilization relatively high, so that will in fact allow us to continue the margin story. And we're not going to be building inventory levels that really are far ahead of demand. We'll flush through what we've seen at the end of this quarter, and we would expect that to get to a more normalized rate as we move forward. As far as the margin expansion in the back half of the year, it's been a consistent story. And you see it in our margin gains quarter over quarter, that as we release new products, we're seeing better margins on those products, that whether it be in emerging markets like China, or whether it be large OEMs. So there's nothing in that story that's going to continue to slow down. It's more about integration adding value, and customers are paying for it.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, please.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is regarding the pricing environment. Clearly, your customers are experiencing pressure in their gross margins. Have you sensed any change in how you guys price product, and the amount of pressure that you're seeing from them?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure. Well, there's always going to be a dynamic there, where suppliers and customers negotiate. But I'll tell you what's happening. As Don alluded to, gross margin invariably, our technologies have become more and more unique as we wrestle with customer complexity. So the engines that we provide, the solutions that we provide, tend to be very, very elegant, integrate lots of technology, are a perfect fit for a specific baseband, a specific application, and they're very different than what our suppliers do. So it's really about differentiation and delivering performance, number one. And from there, we can command better pricing and margins.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.: Okay. Thank you. And as my follow-up, just a question on your long-term gross margin target of 53%. You mentioned how you have a number of initiatives in place. Maybe if you can elaborate on what the initiatives are, what the timeline is going forward, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, if you step back, and you look at the things that we do on a quarterly and annual basis, first from an operations standpoint, it's about the CapEx investments we make and the productivity improvements and driving the operational improvements, the things like yield. It's focusing on our material sourcing, and being able to deliver year over year annual reductions that support that. That's a piece of it. That's kind of the blocking and tackling on margin improvement. Then where you get the step function for us is when you talk about the new products, the releases and the integration, and maybe Liam could talk a little about the things we're doing as we move forward. But those two pieces together are really what drives margin for Skyworks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Craig Ellis, with B. Riley. Go ahead, please.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to go back to the comments that you made, Dave, regarding some of the new product activities. SkyBlue seemed to be quite successful in the first half with one of your big customers in terms of contributing to significant content. As we look at the back half, do you expect SkyBlue to broaden out across your broader customer base? Can you talk a little bit about some of the other developments that might be occurring within the product portfolio that would add further to content, as we look at the second half of 2017?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, and I'm glad you brought up that particular platform. The customer is Huawei in their flagship model. And we have over $9 in content, and I'm particularly pleased by the fact it's low, mid, and high band PAD. There's power management. There's Wi-Fi. There's pretty sophisticated switching architectures. We're using an architecture that's allowing us to control power management levels and voltage across all bands. We're starting to see the ability to take a very sophisticated module and integrate using different approaches, much lower current-consuming functions. And we're incorporating things like temperature-compensated SAW, regular SAW, bulk acoustic devices. And it's an architecture that our customers see simply as being elegantly easy for them to use in the sense that it's very highly integrated. It tunes up at the antenna and saves them point of current and size. And we absolutely will see that in other customers, architectural approaches that will be customized for different markets that you'll see continue to contribute to our gross margin, but a bit of a more of a winner take all capability, because it's so easy for our customers to use and far fewer competitors.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for that. And the follow up is for Don. Don, as we look at the other part of the target financial model below gross margin at the $8 in annualized earnings, can you just walk us through your thinking in terms of the timeframe with which you think we could get to that earnings level?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I mean, when you step back and you look at the core elements of the financial model, that's gross margin expansion, that's top line growth, that's managing OpEx, they continue to strengthen. And you see that, for instance, on the margin line what we just guided at 51%, so we're up sequentially in margin even though we are down some in revenue. So the assumptions underlying the new target model are very, very solid. The gross margin, our ability to manage OpEx, we know how to do all those things. As far as handicapping when it happens, right now we're in a little bit of a tough backdrop that we're working through. So as you model growth opportunities off of let's say the September quarter, or December, pick a quarter, you apply whatever annual growth rate you want to that. The 60% drop through, you'll see that the model is still in place, and that'll get you there in a reasonable timeframe. But you have to model that and make your own assumptions to get to that timeframe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Atif Malik with Citi. Go ahead, please.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my question. A question carrier aggregation. David, you guys have talked about ramping a BAW filter next year. If you can kind of share the update on what are the latest plans on how you kind of plan to ramp that? Are you looking to licensing technology or do you have it in house? And then I have a follow up.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Atif. I'm glad you asked that question, because I'm going to take maybe a two prong approach to it. First, the details are that when we look at the carrier aggregation requirements with the advanced switching, with the tuning, with the module capabilities that you require, different band aggregation and combinations that are quite challenging to our customers, there's a lot of content expansion. And so what we've been doing is we're leveraging a lot of in house filter expertise. You asked specifically about filters and intellectual property. We've been making investments in foundry partnerships to support bulk acoustic technologies. Of course, we have our own increasingly relevant at mid/high frequency temperature-compensated SAW, so you'll continue to see wins at the higher frequencies. And the SkyBlue system architecture allows for more content, because we're able to control all the system parameters in a way that they get the current consumption and they're able to do it. And we're tuning it in a quite sophisticated way between the amplifiers, the switchers, the filters, and obviously the antenna on the transmit side. But if you take a step back, our customers truly don't care what the process technology is in those filters. What they want is current. They need size. They need time to market. Obviously they need overall performance. And so I think over time, the question of what filter technology is chosen, which band will be less relevant and what will be relevant will being able to have a system architecture that provides the kind of current that they need to add the functionality that their customers demand.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Very helpful. Thanks. And then a follow up, when I look at the tier down, the product tier down, the Galaxy 7 versus Galaxy 6, I see RF sockets getting swapped among suppliers. And then I look at iPhone SE, it seems like there's a lot of reuse going on of iPhone 6s components. And so the question is, has anything changed with respect to the sockets being more kind of specific to each phone? And its impact on maybe pricing going forward.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure, yeah, well every customer has a different way to go to market, and Samsung has been traditionally a high SKU company where they have potentially regional SKUs where you may open up a regional SKU, we have low content, global SKU we have very high content on Galaxy. And at Samsung where they may have eight or nine SKUs, our blended content is up about 20% to 25% generation to generation. Our revenues at Samsung will be up about 20%. Our largest customer, similar story. There can be some partition changes, but here again, our ability to engage early. We are agnostic with baseband. By the way, let me just clear that up. There's no issue with us relative to Qualcomm, whether relative to Intel or internal basebands at Huawei, Hisilicon, Samsung, LSI. We're with all of those players. And we have the ability to work with our customer to make sure we have the right solution. And fortunately, as Dave was outlining, customers really want complexity solved. And we do it in unique ways, and we're continuing to gain share on the leading flagship models across all the major accounts and we'll continue to do that this year and next.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Thanks a lot. Dave, there are a lot of reports of strength in China, especially in the low and mid tier. MediaTek was talking it up on Monday. Qualcomm was even bragging about it last week. Can you kind of characterize how that affected you? I know you were very big in phase two at MediaTek, but it sounds like things are moving more to the five mode and I know there's a little bit of a share giveback there. So, I'm interested in how much of an offset China was, specifically in the white box area, where you're dealing with these reference designs. And then, Don, you're sitting on a record high inventory while your largest customer is winding down the flagship model. With the big declines in the demand that that model is going to go through here, what gives you confidence you can work through that inventory? The parts I would assume are not interchangeable with the new model coming up in the fall. So I'm a little confused here because you're talking about running the fabs near – and your pad facility at relatively high utilization rates, but then also burning off inventory. So, I'm just trying to figure out what I'm missing here. Thanks.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure, Ed, this is Liam. I'll start with the China piece. So China, actually the story has been getting better for us with China, kind of consistent with your remarks. The open market or the white box China, which not only serves the domestic market, but also is a catalyst for serving emerging markets thoughts. So China, for example, in Q2 we were up about 14% sequentially. We think year over year when we finish FY 2016, China will be up about 20% to 25%. So we have great traction with OPPO, Vivo, Xiaomi and a number of other white box players. But really today what we're seeing is nice, nice content gains and real material revenue gains from Huawei. Talked about it earlier, but that's a customer that's adopted high, mid, low band solutions, receive-side solutions, Wi-Fi as well as some of our power solutions. So we're really pleased with that. That's a customer that's a clear number three now for Skyworks. We expect solid growth there next year, and also continuing to do the work with MediaTek and others to ensure we pick up the white box players.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, and on the inventory question, remember we said we're going to keep our internal facilities relatively high utilization, but we're pulling back capacity from outsourcing. So that's a big piece of that equation. And all of the inventory that we've completed to date, we're very comfortable is going to get consumed. There's going to be no issue there.
Operator: Okay, thank you then. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing remarks. Thank you.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you everyone for listening and we'll see you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Okay, thank you ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti - Vice President, Investor Relations David Aldrich - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Donald Palette - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Liam Griffin - President
Analysts: Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer Vivek Arya - Bank of America Mike Burton - Brean Capital Blayne Curtis - Barclays Harsh Kumar - Stephens Atif Mailk - Citigroup Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Craig Ellis - B. Riley Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Steve Smigie - Raymond James Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton Marc Estigarribia - Chardan Capital Markets Ian Ingk - MKM Partners
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions' first quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti: Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks first fiscal quarter 2016 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich; Don Palette; and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations Section of our company website for a complete reconciliation of GAAP. With that, I will turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. We had a solid first quarter performance with revenue profitability and earnings ahead of expectations in spite of the challenging macro environment. Specifically, during the quarter we delivered revenue of $927 million, that's up 15% year-over-year. We produced operating income of $367 million, that's up 30% year-over-year, translating into a 39.6% operating margin. And we posted $1.60 in earnings per share, that's up 27% versus the prior year. We also generated more than $345 million in operating cash flow and ended the quarter with just over $1.2 billion in cash on hand and with no debt. This was another well-executed quarter from the Skyworks team. Our content gains, our diversification and our disciplined operational focus were key factors in achieving these Q1 results. And as we look ahead, we continue to see tangible opportunities to capitalize on a number of high-level growth trends across the technology landscape. These include growing consumption of wireless data within consumer and enterprise applications, advancements in cloud-based services, the proliferation of connectivity within the emerging markets and increasing adoption to the Internet of Things. These macro themes are irrefutable and they are far reaching, creating expanding uses for our technology and higher addressable content opportunities with each new product generation. Leveraging our industry-leading integration capabilities, we positioned Skyworks to capitalize on these powerful market tailwinds. Now, despite these positive long-term drivers, this year the March quarter, which is normally a seasonally soft period, has been impacted by above normal forecast reductions and inventory adjustments at one of our top customers. This dynamic has been well documented across the supply chain over the last few weeks. After closely analyzing the market environment, we have adopted an appropriately conservative outlook for our Q2 revenue guidance. However, through strong gross margin performance and a disciplined focus on cost, the overall impact to EPS is relatively small and our guidance represents high single-digit earnings growth on a year-over-year basis. Don will provide more specifics later in the call. It is worth emphasizing that we're well-positioned for a strong second half of calendar '16, based on clear visibility into design wins across our flagship smartphone customers. And from this vantage point we are highly confident in our prospect for gaining dollar content within upcoming generations, putting us on track to continue delivering above market revenue growth with expanding profit margins and earnings leverage. Before providing a more detailed view of the market, I'll turn it over now to Don for more in-depth review of the financial results.
Donald Palette: Thanks, Dave. Thanks for joining us everyone. Revenue for the first quarter was $926.8 million, in line with our guidance and up 15% versus the year-ago quarter. Gross profit was $476.1 million or 51.4% of revenue, ahead of guidance and up 470 basis points from the quarter of fiscal 2015. Operating expenses were $109.5 million, consisting of R&D expense of $71.9 million and SG&A expense of $37.6 million. We generated $366.6 million of operating income, up 30% from the year-ago quarter, translating into a 39.6% operating margin. Our cash tax rate was 15%, resulting in net income of $311.2 million or $1.60 of diluted earnings per share, as compared with diluted EPS of $1.26 in the year-ago quarter. That equates to a 27% year-over-year earnings growth. Turning to our first quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We invested $79.5 million in capital expenditures, with depreciation of $51.5 million. We generated $345 million in cash flow from operations, which includes the $88.5 million termination fee from PMC-Sierra, and exited the quarter with over $1.2 billion in cash on hand and no debt. Moving to product mix. For the first quarter of fiscal 2016, power amplifiers represented 16% of revenue, integrated mobile systems was 64% and broad markets was 20%. We saw a healthy growth in both integrated mobile systems and broad markets. In fact, IMS was up a full 16 points versus a year ago as a percentage of our mix. Power amplifier products continue to decline as a percentage of our revenue, as the market shifts toward higher-value integrated solutions. Now, for our second quarter business outlook. We expect second quarter revenue to be approximately $775 million. We suggest modeling gross margin in the range of 50.5% to 51%, with operating expenses flat to Q1 at approximately $109.5 million. It's worth noting that the midpoint of our gross margin guidance range implies over a 400 basis point improvement versus the prior year. Our strong gross margin outlook, in the face of current market dynamics, highlights the benefits of our higher-value integrated systems along with our scale and flexible manufacturing operations. Looking ahead, we see continued opportunity for margin improvement, as we leverage our recent capital investments and ramp our custom integrated solutions and precision analog products. For modeling purposes, we recommend using a 60% incremental gross margin off of the second quarter baseline. We are targeting a goal of at least 53% gross margin for the company and have a number of initiatives in place to accelerate our progress toward achieving this goal. Below the line, we anticipate $500,000 in interest and other expenses and a cash tax rate around 15%. We project our tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of our 2016 fiscal year. We expect share count to be around 194.5 million shares, resulting in second quarter EPS of $1.24, and that's up 8% versus last year. Finally, we recently entered into an agreement to divest Trans-Tech, a small subsidiary of ours, to Kyocera for roughly $42 million. Trans-Tech produces ceramics substrates and materials for a number of broad market applications and had become non-critical to our corporate strategy. We expect the transaction to close sometime in early April. For modeling purpose, we recommend assuming around $40 million per quarter of revenue impact, starting in the June quarter, with no impact to EPS. This transaction helps to improve the financial returns of our business, while sharpening focus on our core strategy. Our Q2 margin and EPS guidance highlights the robustness of our business model within the context of challenging market conditions. For the second half of calendar 2016, we see momentum building off of this baseline. Many of the drivers supporting this are already in place, giving us a high-level of confidence to extend our track record of best-in-class financial results, and we remain on track toward our mid-term goal of $8 in annualized EPS. And with that, I'll turn the call back over Dave.
David Aldrich: Thank you, Don. Before closing and taking your questions, I wanted to take a moment to reiterate a few market realities that will continue to fuel our growth in the coming years. First, demand for wireless data continues to skyrocket, with no end in site, driven by the adoption of streaming media and cloud-based services across consumer and enterprise applications. Now, these services are in their infancy and consume a tremendous amount of bandwidth, drastically increasing demands on network and on devices. Secondly, growing data consumption requires dramatically higher levels of analog performance at the semiconductor level. To improve throughput, our customers are facing mounting technical challenges, including navigating spectrum with limitations, improving signal reliability and mitigating interference, all while extending battery life. The end result is greater addressable content per device and TAM growth well in excess of the semiconductor sector. Third, as a technology integration leader, we are consolidating market share, and our visibility to new content wins and future architectures is very strong. The solutions we're developing for future generations are tremendously complex, and they require best-in-class core technologies, advanced integration capabilities and deep system-level expertise. Skyworks is uniquely positioned in all these regards to address these opportunities. This fosters closer engagement with customers and higher-value solutions across the board, with a narrowing field of capable competitors. And fourth, the Internet of Things is real and it's happening today. Facilitating entirely new growth avenues for us and enhancing our diversification. At this year's Consumer Electronic Show, there was a showcase of groundbreaking new devices, leveraging the power of wireless connectivity. Much of the excitement at CES this year was around innovations in the connected car in the automated home, wearable technologies and entirely new categories like drones, utilizing enabling technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, ZigBee, Bluetooth and others. And we participate, as Skyworks, in all of these markets to our suite of connectivity solutions. And lastly, we've successfully redefined our business model, combining a strategic focus on higher value-added integrated solutions, with unrivalled scale, with advanced manufacturing capabilities and deep operational know-how. The end result is that we are consistently delivering among the best financial returns in the semiconductor sector in a variety of market conditions. As just one measure of this, our return on invested capital for 2015 was 33% and over the last two years we've averaged 30%. So in closing, looking past the near-term volatility, we've created a unique and robust business model, fueled by the proliferation of connectivity and combining above-market topline growth, healthy cash flow and the financial returns of a best-in-class diversified analog company. So that concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer.
Rick Schafer: My first question is just really what are your expectations, I guess, for the overall RF content growth for the overall market over the next couple years? And if you guys expect to outgrow the market, where do you have the most leverage there to take share?
Liam Griffin: Well, we think the market for smartphones, for example, is going to grow in mid-single digits. However, if you look at the complexity, analog and RF complexity is driven by increasing band count by a higher adoption rate of AC, carrier aggregation and other complex switching algorithms, looking to improve the signal integrity on the receive side through DRx technologies, high-performance low-noise amplifiers. We think the market growth rate would be at least double that for our class of products. And of course, we look to a broadening array of vertical markets and IoT to continue to round out the business and become more diversified with higher margins.
Rick Schafer: And then a follow-up to that. Can you discuss content trends that you're seeing with the Chinese handset OEMs? And maybe putting in context, how that growth there compares with what you're seeing with from the Tier-1 guys maybe in Korea, North America, wherever? And maybe part of that answer, I'm curious, what you expect to see in terms of the impact from the move to five mode, the five-mode rollout in China?
Liam Griffin: Well, China is certainly a growth driver for Skyworks. We're in the early innings of a 4G upgrade cycle. And just in the last quarter, December quarter, we're up about 20% year-over-year across China. Now, there has been some choppiness and near-term volatility, and we understand that well. We've been in this market for quite a while. We are encouraged by the content growth and the move towards these system solutions that we speak of. We're starting to see that with the larger Tier-1s in China and also the white-box players. And we're continuing to go beyond just the trend that receive solutions to start to move into things like Wi-Fi and GPS and power management. So that's all positive. And as we see this move to five-mode, clearly that's incremental content. So we are seeing that move up. It's really in line with the China subscribers wanting more and more functionality and more capability, and that plays right into our strength. So we're very positive about that and expect China to be a long-term grower for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Dave, beyond the sort of well-advertised slowdown or inventory adjustment at your largest customer, what has been the trends at your Korean and your Chinese customer? I think they're all trying to assess whether this was a one quarter problem for your industry or whether there are any other longer-term impacts. If you could give us some insights into that, I think will be very useful for investors.
David Aldrich: I think, as Liam commented a moment ago, Vivek, the China TAM story and the upgrade to 4G has been very positive for the company. In fact, I think we were something like 20% year-over-year growth in our China revenue in the December quarter. And that's content, that share that's being lined out with the right set of baseband and SoC partners. And if you look at our customer, Samsung, on our second largest customer, we've seen very high attach rate now with our more complex solutions in the Galaxy 7 and then in their emerging 16 platforms. And the fact, Vivek, is our China customers and Samsung they are all adopting, virtually across the board, a more complex system, RF system that's highly integrated for size, for current consumption, and just to merely handle the complexity and get these designs, these SKUs, out into the market on time. And that's been very, very good for us; very bad for the discrete companies; very, very good for us.
Vivek Arya: And then, one more sort of near-term question. If you could discuss sort of the puts and takes for the June quarter, because your largest customer still has some seasonal headwinds building that quarter. And I think you also mentioned a divestiture. I believe, Don, you mentioned that it could have a $14 million impact. So if you could just run us through the puts and takes to how to think conceptually about the June quarter?
David Aldrich: Obviously, we're monitoring the demand environment in China and elsewhere very closely and the ramp timing of large programs, which are participating in increasing content. Generally, June is up somewhat from March. That's our current expectation, although it's a little early. However, the visibility in new designs and in new platforms, both in terms of flagship, but also some of our IoT platforms gives us a very keen sense that the second half of calendar '16 will be very strong and the growth rate will be very high, after we work through obviously as you said the well-publicized issue and inventory burn with a large customer. Maybe, Don, you could comment on the TTI transaction.
Donald Palette: Sure, yes. Vivek, so the way to think about it is when we're doing our models, you look of the business as it is today and assign appropriate growth rates throughout the fiscal period. And then off of that, you would just the deduct $14 million a quarter for the June and September quarter and beyond, as you're starting at that point. And there's no earnings impact with that $14 million. So it's a much lower margin business for us. And then that's offset by their OpEx. So there is no earnings associated with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Burton with Brean Capital.
Mike Burton: Just following up on the China side. We did see the weakness from your top customer. It did seem that the Chinese handset OEMs rebounded pretty nicely in the December quarter and ramping into Chinese New Year, so I'm just wondering if that's affected your customer mix? If you could give us an update on how big China is as a percent? And do you expect that to grow into the March quarter? And then also, we heard a lot about India last night from your partner competitor. I'm curious what your exposure is out there in the outlook?
Liam Griffin: With respect to China, as we've spoken, it's a very diverse set of customers, it's not just mobile. We do a great deal of business in IoT markets, Wi-Fi and even infrastructure. But we are seeing within China names like Huawei really accelerate, Xiaomi to some degree and some of the other white-box players. And if you take the China mobile businesses as well as our broad market in China, it's about 20% of our revenue at Skyworks. We do see them coming up this quarter again in March, sequentially. So they're going to be one of the drivers for us in the March quarter. And again, throughout the year, as we mentioned before, there is just a tremendous opportunity with the 2G and 3G customers and subscribers moving up into 4G. So we're encouraged by that. But you're going to see some improvement in China in the March quarter following a strong December.
Mike Burton: And then for Don, if I could, just in the OpEx, great job on the gross margins. But how should we think about puts and takes for OpEx going forward into this next calendar year? And then also just any thoughts on cash, obviously, given the macro environment uncertainty was your plan really to get more aggressive on the buyback or would you still be looking at some fairly large acquisitions?
Donald Palette: Yes, on the OpEx side, we said in the prepared remarks that we see the $109.5 million kind of level for the next several fiscal quarters. After that, modeling up $2 million a quarter as we've talked, $2 million to $3 million, as we've talked about before, I think is a safe bet. As far as the cash, yes, we continue to generate very strong cash off the earnings. We have that 40% target of free cash flow that we want to distribute to the shareholders through dividend buybacks. We didn't do any buybacks this quarter. I mean, we also balance it about what's going on in potential M&A activity, what we're looking at and those things. And bottomline is that 40% will continue to do. So stay tuned.
Operator: We now have a question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Maybe just kind of following up on the use of cash. Don, if you could talk about what your CapEx was and what your plans are this year? And maybe Dave, you could talk about just update on your filter strategy, as you build that out, as it becomes more and more of these integrated modules?
Donald Palette: We spent $80 million in the first fiscal quarter. We would expect that to come down closer to more like, we don't really guide it, but more like the depreciation level. The depreciation in general is high-40s to 50 kind of a level, so it is coming down. And when we're spending capital to direct results of the volume that we're looking at, sort of the back drop right now, that number is going to be able to come down a little bit. The use of cash, as we said, we like the 40% target for our shareholders, and that will be through dividend and buybacks. We'll continue to focus on doing that.
David Aldrich: And, Blayne, with respect to filters, in the last few quarters, as we've discussed on each call, we've dramatically increased our footprint in Japan and, again, processing in Singapore. We're probably roughly quadruple the capability from a facility standpoint, where we're hiring, we're getting very good performance at the RF level as well as yields. And so we continue to see advantages in using really the highest performance temperature compensated surface device in the world. And we are starting to see more bands at higher frequencies that are capable of using TC. So of course, we see a real performance and cost advantage, both on the transmit and the receive side. So I think you should look for us to continue to line out modules, SkyOne and other type of products, power duplexers, more and more of our internal devices as well as our receive DRx with temperature compensated SAW for better receive performance.
Blayne Curtis: And then just as follow-up, as you look out this year, you talk about content gains at your large smartphone customers. Could you maybe just talk about what types of products you're seeing the best traction for content gain that would be helpful?
Liam Griffin: With regard to large flagship programs, in general, what you're seeing is, as Dave articulated, more and more adoption of our SkyOne filter-rich multiple bands and power -- multiple power amplifier band switching integrated in a transmit section. Coupled with that, we're doing really good work on the receive chain with these DRx solutions and look at LNAs, again switching, again filtering, integrating into a single engine. And then to augment that, we are really seeing great traction in our 11AC portfolio, and often MIMO, often two per smartphone. Now, we're seeing power management devices and Bluetooth connectivity, etc. So we're really rounding out this analog content around very rich-filter integrated system. So that's what you will see in the flagship phones. And we're starting to see our value Tier customers even move up into that area.
Operator: We'll go next to Harsh Kumar with Stephens.
Harsh Kumar: A question on your content in the Chinese handset guys versus the Tier 1? And what opportunity do you see as the Chinese handset guys try to move up and match sort of what the Tier-1 guys are offering?
David Aldrich: I think that the upgrade cycle in China is the largest content gain in the history of the company, because the volumes are so very high in the embedded base there of 2G and 3G has relatively low content for us. And now as the world is adopting these more integrated system solutions for all the sort of well-publicized performance, size, cost, just a reality of how do you deal with the complexity, when you're a customer who has other things to worry about than the RF portion. So we continue to see a great deal of content gain. And in fact, frankly, share consolidation is turning into a big scale advantage to have the breadth of content as well as the cost structure around high volume. So I think you'll continue to see that.
Harsh Kumar: And then as a follow-up. A couple of companies such as Avago and others talk about content growing about 15%. I know you guys are somewhere in there. Most of you guys talk about greater than 10%. I'm curious what the latest greatest standpoint is with respect to how you guys see content growth for smartphones?
David Aldrich: I would echo what you stated. I think the content growth is every bit of kind of a low-mid teens and could be high. We have to decouple the true content growth that's driven by complexity, which everybody talks about. There is more bands, there is more high frequency bands, there is more complexity around delivering. As Liam mentioned, MIMO-based solutions on the receive side. Powered voltage is becoming an increasing issue. And of course, you remember, we did an acquisition that gives us some unique IP around driving more refined voltage through the transmit path, and that's a real advantage in our system solution, and can't be replicated by an RF-only company. So we continue to see that as a real differential advantage for Skyworks.
Operator: We'll go next to Atif Mailk with Citigroup.
Atif Mailk: Dave, can you just talk about your strategy on filters? Do you need a BAW solution for carrier aggregation opportunity, which is kicking off this year? And then I have a follow-up.
David Aldrich: What we do need, a high performance filter technology, and we're finding that we're able to do very-high frequency, very-tight frequency spacing with our temperature compensated SAW. We also have BAW filter partners and a lot of IP that's giving us the capability to enter in strategic band configurations using a BAW device coupled with a temperature compensated coupled with a SAW. But you know, you mentioned carrier aggregation, what we're really seeing is we can get the performance, for example, on the transmit path or in a carrier aggregation system. If we can drive the right topology and the right device performance, we find that it's a little bit less dependent than one normally thinks about the actual filter technology and process that it is about the whole link budget, that is from the transceiver to the antenna and back. And so we're getting -- I mean, some of the power-added efficiency numbers and the current consumption reduction we're getting out of these newest generation SkyOne, SkyLiTE, PAD architectures. It's really, frankly, unheard of in this space. And it's not all about the filters, it's much more about the device performance and the way we architect it.
Atif Mailk: And then how does the TDK Qualcomm JV impact your relationship or arrangement in outsourcing parts at TDK?
David Aldrich: Well, we buy SAW filters from TDK. We have a long-term supply agreement. That deal is not going to close for a while. We're very lucky that we have a big footprint now in filters, so we can build our own SAWs and our own TC SAWs. We'll see how that plays out. But I don't think it has any material impact on supply at all. And in fact, it's been on our road map, particularly when you look at DRx technology, which is a lot of filters, a lot of passives. It's always been on our road map for margins, frankly, for margin as well as performance to pull that technology more and more in-house. So we can pull it in, if we have to, and it really will play out overtime. But I wouldn't worry about it from a supply constraint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Dave, I kind of want to hit on the same point. Just getting a glimpse of your capacity in Panasonic, they used to build their own SAW, then you guys converted them over to TC. But it sounds like you can go back fairly easily, if you had the capacity. And then Qualcomm has been making a lot of this JV. But could you just refresh our memory, before the JV was announced, were you seeing Qualcomm in any of the competitions for any of the RF in any of the major players? I know they've been doing RF360 for like three years now. And so I just want to get kind of a snapshot before we lose our minds on the JV on what was going on with Qualcomm and before then? And then, Don, the 60% incremental gross margins, what's the primary driver that you're going to need to get there? What's driving it? And the 53% target margin, the primary driver there, is it a higher mix of integrated products or is it just throughput? And then, if you could maybe give us an update on the GaAs capacity, and most importantly your packaging assembly test capacity in Mexico?
David Aldrich: So with respect to the first half of the question, I think you're absolutely right, that TDK and Qualcomm have been working closely together and fielding designs for a long time. We've competed very successfully against those designs. So there hasn't been a lot of traction in the sweet spot of what we do. There have been other RF360 components of that system, in which we don't compete, where they've had success. But these decades of gallium arsenide performance and driving switch technologies, and multichip module technology, and beginning to put our own high-performance filters, has really given us a system-level performance that has not been easy for competition to replicate. We know TDK very well. We've used them in the past in mostly SAW. They've got some limited capability in BAW. But remember, I think as your question alluded to, our customers are wanting business based purely on performance and on configurability and what it does at the system level. And we have a clear advantage at the system level over anybody. We've not seen the combination of Qualcomm TDK to be any meaningful threat over the last three years. And on the margins?
Donald Palette: Ed, yes, the modeling, we suggested a 60% and the target is 53%. And at 51% for this quarter, we obviously feel good about. We're well on our way. We've had some nice gains on consecutive quarters. And it's really a lot of things, you are right. One of the things is the overall suite of new products we released, because there is more integration, more value for the customer. We're just seeing better margins on that. So that's a mix, but it's not mix, it's more value-added integrated solutions, and that's really helping. And it's the things we do on CapEx. It's the things we do on driving productivity improvements through the fab, through the assembly and test operation in Mexicali. We've driven filter costs down dramatically. So we're executing as we have for a long time, pretty well across all fonts and they're all contributing to the margin story. As far as capacity, we're in really good shape. We've got square footage and a new lease facility in Mexicali. So it's short money for equipment. We can expand that very, very quickly. That pays back quickly. Dave already talked about quadrupling the filter capacity as far as square footage in Japan. So with equipment, again, we can do that very quickly. And we've got our outsource partners for our wafers. So we're in a really good shape to be able to expand capacity when it's required.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets.
Tim Long: Just two quick ones, if I could. You covered China pretty well. I was wondering, if you could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing or what your customers are seeing about some of the other emerging markets right now? And then back to Qualcomm, obviously they haven't, as you've talked about, they haven't had a lot of success. They are talking about now a little bit more aggressively about gallium arsenide. So from a competitive landscape, do you think that can change anything? And I guess, while we're on that topic, anything else from anyone in the CMOS camp?
David Aldrich: Maybe I'll do the second half first, and Liam you can talk to the other emerging markets. Tim, it really is the case that there hasn't been a single successful new PA company in many, many years, with PA device technology. And the merchant GaAs foundries are, I would estimate, at least five years behind what Skyworks is able to do today state-of-the-art at the device level. And it's been through decades of experience. So I think that the merchant GaAs market, the merchant GaAs capability pales in comparison to the stellar device performance that companies like Skyworks, we, specifically are getting. So I am not too worried about any new GaAs entrant. And I am definitely now worried about CMOS technology being able to accomplish the kind of current consumption, the kind of transmit requirements that we're seeing across our markets today. Every single time there is an advance in a different technology or with a different competitor, what we're finding is that the next-generation system has increased the bar so high that it doesn't matter, that improvement isn't anywhere near capable of delivering the system-level performance that our customers require. Again, we're designing platforms now that are 2018, and in those platforms, I'd tell you, it is the best of the best who are going to compete successfully and we think we've got a unique capability there.
Liam Griffin: And then following up on the emerging markets, and what we do see there is certainly are larger global brands participate across the emerging markets. But more frequently we see some of the China players drive a great deal of their exports through markets like India, Middle East, Latin America. Of those, the India market has actually been consuming probably at the highest level, again buying product typically manufactured by our China OEMs. So we play it through that channel. And there is definitely a lot of room to grow in that geography.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Maybe just one on the near-term environment, if I could. You mentioned the above-normal inventory reductions. I'd love to get your thoughts on where you think we are with that inventory correction and whether inventory is getting more back in line with and to modern sell-through?
Liam Griffin: Clearly, there has been a disruption in the December and March timeframe, as a very large flagship phone model has seen the numbers come down, and we're working through that. And I think that from my standpoint, any inventory correction in the systems should be gone in the June quarter. And we ought to be off to the races in the second half of the year.
Gabriela Borges: And then just on the broad market segment, clearly a number of drivers of that business segment, but maybe could highlight for us one or two applications that you think can contribute the most from a dollar revenue growth perspective, as we look out over the next few quarters?
Liam Griffin: The broad markets business has been doing quite well. It's up about 12% year-over-year in Q1, and will continue to be a teens-level or higher growth rate into the calendar year. So I mean, what we're seeing is really a wide variety of applications in the broad portfolio. We've got some great IoT programs that go into set top box and streaming media, in many cases $10 to $12 per box, Wi-Fi switching, ZigBee technology. There's a connected home opportunity now that's really playing out, got some great content there. And one of the markets that we're excited about now, it's early innings, but we are seeing some uptick in automotive. We're starting to see high-end LTE telematics applications. We've got design wins in vehicle-to-vehicle communication. We've got customers like GM, like Volkswagen, Continental. So that's a market that we think will do very well for several years, and the opportunity there for us is outstanding. So that's a little color on where we are. But broad has been growing quite well and quite steady
Operator: We now have a question from Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig Ellis: I'll start with one that relates to the longer-term financial targets. In the quarter, you were a hair's distance from your operating margin target and it looks like you're making very good progress towards the gross margin target. How should in fact just investors think about the timeframe to the revenue target and the earnings per share target guys?
Donald Palette: But despite the backdrop, right now, when you look at -- the model for us is absolutely intact. And when you look at the drivers, we continue to make progress on the gross margin front. Volume will have some impact on that in the short-term, but we're continuing to drive that. We know disciplined OpEx investments, we know how to measure those to manage that very effectively. So when you roll all that together, once we get through this pause that we're seeing right now, when you get into the back half of the year and beyond, we see an opportunity to get there in a couple of years. And by the way, what we delivered, we're not at the OpEx target, because the model will be in the low-40s. We're not quite there yet. So we got room to run.
Craig Ellis: And then a follow-up just on gross margins, Don. If I look at the last three quarters, which represents the bulk of calendar 2015, the incrementals were 75% on average, which is amongst the best in semis. And I understand that the 60% incremental target is a nice uptick from where the company had been. But what would cause, given the initiatives that you have in play and the business divestiture, which is low-margin, what would cause a regression back to 60% rather than staying at the levels the business has recently been at?
Donald Palette: That's a fair question, but you got to remember that those are averages to assume over a period. There are events that happen quarter-to-quarter that can move those. And what happened in those quarters, there were multiple things, we were seeing some benefit from the filter asset and driving cost down, we had new product launches, all of those things can create a short-term step function that moves you in a different spot. But sustaining 75%, that's off the charts; 60% is very, very good. So modeling 60%, you'll see you get a very, very good answer.
Operator: We have a question now from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony Stoss: So you talked about China being up, your biggest customer being down in March. Can you talk about Samsung? And also, Don, if you wouldn't mind taking us through kind of what CapEx was in the quarter and what we should expect in 2016?
Liam Griffin: With respect to Samsung, yes, we actually are seeing some improving conditions at Samsung. We should be up in the March quarter. We've got some new design wins that it will be ramping with the GS7 platform. And we're actually -- reiterating what David said about content and SkyOne and filters, we're seeing Samsung really now lost in earnest. Some of these content-rich solutions, not only on the transmit chain, but also on the receive side. So that's a move up for us that will be sustainable. Samsung is our number two customer. We've got a great relationship there. So you should expect some solid results through the year.
David Aldrich: CapEx, Don.
Donald Palette: Yes, CapEx, we've talked about that a little earlier, $79.5 million for the quarter. And we're just recommending there will be a couple of quarters we'll be real closer to the depreciation of around $50 million, and then it might go up a little as we get in the back half with volumes going up. And there may be some more investments that we make. So that's the way to think of it.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie: Just following-up on your comments about the strength in the back half. Would it be fair to argue that, if you say like a September quarter that could be up double-digit year-over-year, excluding the divestiture?
Donald Palette: Yes.
Donald Palette: Yes, it's calendar, just remember that.
Steve Smigie: I was just asking like a September quarter over September quarter?
Donald Palette: Yes.
Steve Smigie: And then as far as BAW filters for yourself, I think you had talked on last call about 2017 getting there. How necessary is that? And as we push into higher frequency stuff in later years, is that the right technology or will we have to see some other technology emerged in filtering to handle that?
David Aldrich: That's a great question. Clearly, for today we're doing low-band and now mid-band, we're well up above 2 gigahertz with great performance using temperature compensated devices. I think BAW technology, what it will do for us in that '17 timeframe will open up the high-band, the very highest band in some of these PAD configurations. Yes, I think that'll be very good for us. We'll be able to have the enviable trade-off between using SAW, temperature compensated SAW and BAW devices, and using the right application for the function, because if you look across the world today, most world phones, most smartphones don't use BAW technology, they have a different configuration or a different band lineup that doesn't require it. But for those customers who are looking for sort of a low, mid, high, very-high performance, truly a world phone, what BAW will do will open up high band for us, in which we don't participate, market we do not participate in today. So it will increase our TAM and we'll get there by '17.
Operator: We'll go next to Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton.
Cody Acree: Maybe just following-up on that, Dave, and maybe for Liam as well. With your filter capacity, expanded filter capacity, is there a way to quantify some of the dollar increases that you're able to attack today that maybe you weren't able to get into a couple years ago, knowing that so much of the RF content increases is coming on the filter side?
David Aldrich: I would say that the increase over the last couple of years and for the next couple of years on the RF side in smartphones or mobile is probably equally weighted between filter-enabled devices, receive and transmit and other functionality that we talked about, which is voltage regulation, power management, receive technology and higher-performance Wi-Fi and the like. So I'm going to just draw and brush it, and tell you roughly equal growth within mobile coming about through filter-enabled solutions and coming about through other system-level blocks that we didn't previously address.
Liam Griffin: And to add to that, I think one of the real unique characteristics of what we do here, and we talked about in this call, is our ability to integrate. So it isn't just taking the filter and taking the amplifier and integrating it. There's a lot of unique Skyworks DNA that develops these engines. They're highly customizable. Each baseband partner, each OEM we configure to their needs, we look at their current budget, we look at what they need to do in terms of bands, we look at the filter technology wanted to deploy, and all that comes together and it's worked out great. And the TC capabilities that we have today are unbelievable, they're world-class manufacturer. In this last calendar year, we manufactured about 1.5 billion TC SAWs, all of which were consumed by our integrated systems. So we're very bullish on that concept, and we'll continue to use the best technologies to win.
Cody Acree: And, Dave, just on a high-level on the M&A approach, after what happened with PMC. What's your interest? Are you looking at ways to expand vertically, I guess? What would you be looking at?
David Aldrich: I think, Cody, similar to what we've done in the past, we're always looking for -- if you think about the power management acquisition that we did through AATI or SiGe or the Panasonic filter capability, they all do two things for us, they gave us a much bigger target and more relevance at the system-performance level for our mobile customers; and they also opened up new target markets and gave us opportunities within IoT. So we would continue to look at that, whether it's cloud-based computing, whether it's machine-to-machine, whether it's being able to do more at the kind of IoT sensor MCU RF module capability. We see those as being attractive, surgical, strategic, accretive deals.
Operator: Our next question is from Marc Estigarribia with Chardan Capital Markets.
Mark Estigarribia: Just wanted to get into the broad markets a little bit, 20% of the revenue, around $185 million came from IoT in broad markets. If you can just comment a little bit about the incremental growth in 2016, where it's coming from, is it a broad stroke amongst auto, connected home, wearables, drone? And also if you can just comment an outlook for margins in the quarter, if it's about 50% or if it's sort of a different range for the different verticals please?
Liam Griffin: The broad market business, it is actually quite diversified. I would say the strongest elements are around kind of the streaming media, the Wi-Fi integration, connected home. We have just a large roster of design wins in that part of the space. And we're also seeing, and if you look at some of the teardowns with these boxes, we're seeing three-by-three streams, which will triple our content, and so you get $10 to $12 per box. We're in markets like DirecTV, Technicolor, some of the Neatgear routers, those are just examples. So that's a real strong area. And there's a lot of upgrades to go here in the U.S. and in developing markets, so we like that. Connected home, I mentioned, some of these appliance opportunities, customers like Nest, and lots of names like that. Automotive, relatively new. You have not only the traditional IoT applications like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, but you have a telematics play there. And then the other space that has been a bit quiet, but we do think will turn is wireless infrastructure. There's a great deal of content with companies like Nokia, Siemens, Ericsson, Huawei, and we do see that getting a little stronger, probably back half of 2016, a little bit soft so far, but it's another market, where we have some solid designs.
Donald Palette: And margins, the broad markets category is by far our highest. Margins in those, average 55%-plus on the application market. But those are our highest products. So as that percentage goes up, it's always good for Skyworks.
Mark Estigarribia: And just one follow-up on the question with regards to the June quarter. They industry goes up 5% to 6%, obviously, the next quarter we're looking for a drop of 16% from the $775 million guidance. Is there some sort of makeup we can put in our numbers on the back half of the year or should we stick to sort of the industry averages?
Donald Palette: I think that that's a little difficult to answer right now. I think you should expect that the adjustment that's occurring in the late December through the March quarter and maybe into June a little bit will then be behind us, and that's kind of an unnatural event. And so as I say, as we stated in the prepared comments, we think that the second half of calendar '16 looks very strong and it's not wishful thinking, it's more designs that we're fielding both in the mobile and on the broad market side. And as we fulfill those orders, you'll see an uptick in revenue that's pretty substantial.
Operator: We'll go next to Ian Ing with MKM Partners.
Ian Ing: Don, could you help us with how you got to this appropriately conservative guidance? Did you rely on higher backlog coverage or are you de-rating forecast or do you have other tools in the toolbox?
Donald Palette: No. I mean, it's our normal approach. I think we do an excellent job of forecasting. It starts with our sales marketing team and the information they get from customers, distributors and OEMs, and we always are able to pick and translate that into the right kind of revenue projection. So it's our typical process. There wasn't any new magic involved in that.
Ian Ing: And for my follow-up, reference design partners in China, I mean, you've talked about being working with MediaTek and working with Qualcomm, those are good partners. Looks like Spreadtrum is making a lot of activity in China also. They're trying to double their LTE shipments this year. I mean, do you guys partner with them in terms of SkyOne and things like that?
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. So I mean our roster in China certainly includes Qualcomm; MediaTek, quad-core, opti-core designs, great position there, higher-end 4G LTE; Hisilicon, which is the in-house brand with Huawei; and then Spreadtrum as well, you're right, TDS, CDMA, another opportunity. So they're not the biggest driver for us, but they are important and they are very specific to the China market. We're seeing improvement out of MediaTek and it's a very high-end content-rich engines that we enjoy. And the Hisilicon-Huawei partnership has been quite strong. So we've got a well-diversified set of products and programs, very different for each one of those partners. But we're engaged with each of them.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for closing remarks. End of Q&A
David Aldrich: Well, thank you everyone for your participation and for listening. And we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti - Vice President, Investor Relations David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Liam K. Griffin - President
Analysts: T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC Cody G. Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Rick E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Vincent D. Celentano - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Mike A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Cathy. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to Skyworks fourth fiscal quarter 2015 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steve. And welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report that we delivered a strong close to fiscal 2015 producing fourth quarter financial results that once again significantly outpaced the growth of the broader semiconductor market. During the quarter, we posted revenue of $881 million. That's representing 23% growth from the prior year. We delivered operating income of $335 million. That's up 42% versus last year. We earned $1.52 in diluted earnings per share, which is up 36% year-over-year. We generated over $230 million in cash from operations, and we are guiding for December quarter revenue to be up again sequentially with gross margins of 51% and EPS of $1.60. Given that Q1 guidance exceeds our previous 50% gross margin target, we're introducing an updated mid-term model, which Don will provide the details of later in the call. Our fourth quarter performance closed another record year for our company. And for the full year, we posted revenue of $3.26 billion. This represents a 42% annual growth. We expanded our operating margins by 600 basis points, exiting Q4 at over 38%. And we grew earnings per share by 63%, continuing to demonstrate strong financial leverage. And we also generated roughly $1 billion in cash flow from operations, and we returned over $360 million to shareholders through a combination of dividend payments and share repurchases, while increasing investments in R&D, expanding production capability, and extending our technology roadmap. All in all, this was an outstanding year for Skyworks. And we continue to see numerous opportunities to capitalize on the powerful technology trends that are fueling the long-term growth in our served markets. These include exploding data consumption across the consumer and enterprise landscape; these include soaring adoption of cloud services from the likes of Amazon, Google and others; the proliferation of connectivity throughout the emerging markets; and the rise of the Internet of Things. These global trends are all in the early innings and all rely on seamless connectivity to efficiently and reliably move massive amounts of data anytime and anywhere. The end result is a boom in connected devices and worldwide data consumption fueling tremendous opportunity, but also creating major technical hurdles within the industry. By virtually every measure, consumer appetite for streaming services is growing dramatically, as traditional broadcasters and new content service providers, like Netflix, Amazon and Hulu, race to gain a foothold in the new online world of content distribution. In fact, analysts estimate that mobile data usage will increase at nearly 60% compounded through 2019. This places significant strains on network infrastructure and on devices. As an example, consider that an hour of streaming high-definition video consumes roughly one to two gigabytes of network bandwidth, 4K streaming devices consume two times to three times this amount. And further exacerbating the industry's challenges is the limited amount of spectrum and network capability available to address this pending surge in data. Market forecasts estimate that only around one-third of the spectrum needed to meet bandwidth requirements over the next few years is in service today. And to solve this imbalance, carriers are either deploying new spectrum or finding ways to increase the throughput of existing frequency bands. Finally, this rising data trend directly impacts the battery life of today's devices, as technologies like LTE Advanced, eventually 5G demand, and they demand higher and higher power levels. This comes at a time when our customers are already wrestling with power budgets to implement more capable processors, higher definition screens and other power consuming features. As customers struggle to adapt to these market realities, we are increasingly being brought into the architectural discussions much earlier in the design cycle. This is the primary reason we are shaping next-generation solutions to implement higher band counts and the use of unlicensed bands, increasing carrier aggregation combinations, tighter and tighter filtering requirements, more complex receive architectures, advanced Wi-Fi configurations and more sophisticated techniques to manage power and increase efficiency. As customers implement this next level of functionality, they are increasingly demanding more system-level solutions and higher levels of integration and these are playing directly into Skyworks' strengths. We see all of these dynamics increasing our addressable content across the breadth of our service markets for years to come. As I mentioned earlier, this backdrop provides us with a high confidence level in our business trajectory and we're introducing a new mid-term earnings model, which Don will discuss in more detail following his review of our financial results. With that, I'll turn it over to Don.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Dave. And thanks for joining us, everyone. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $880.8 million, ahead of our prior guidance of $875 million and up 23% versus the year ago quarter. Gross profit was $440.1 million or 50% of revenue and that's a 100 basis point sequential increase from the June quarter and a 400 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expenses were $104.9 million, consisting of R&D expense of $70.8 million and SG&A expense of $34.1 million. We generated $335.2 million of operating income, up 42% year-over-year, yielding a 38.1% operating margin. Below the line, we had expenses of roughly $1.1 million from interest and other expense. Our cash tax rate for the quarter was 11.4%. That's in line with our guidance and resulting in net income of $296.1 million or $1.52 of diluted earnings per share, up 36% year-over-year and $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our fourth quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $233 million in cash flow from operations, invested $151 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $46 million and we exited the quarter with over $1 billion in cash on hand and no debt. Moving to our product mix for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Power amplifiers represented 20% of revenue, integrated mobile systems was 59% and broad markets was 22%. It is worth noting that integrated mobile systems were up 84% year-over-year during the quarter. In Q4, we distributed $160 million to shareholders through our dividend and stock repurchase plans. Our quarterly dividend and ongoing share repurchase activity remain important components of our commitment to return excess free cash flow to shareholders while continuing to fund internal growth initiatives and seek out accretive M&A targets. For fiscal 2015, we returned approximately 64% of free cash flow to shareholders, higher than our goal of 40% based on our recent share repurchase activity. Longer term, we continue to view an allocation of roughly 40% of free cash flow as an appropriate balance between internal investment for growth initiatives and shareholder returns. Turning to our first quarter fiscal 2016 business outlook, we expect revenue to be between $925 million and $930 million, up 5.3% sequentially and 15% year-over-year. At the midpoint of the range, we anticipate gross margin to be 51%, representing a 430-basis-point year-over-year improvement. We expect our operating expenses to be around $108 million, driven by ongoing investments in engineering and development teams as we expand our footprint within new verticals and further enhance our integration capabilities. We expect first quarter operating margins to exceed 39%. Below the line, we anticipate around $900,000 in expenses from interest and other expense and a cash tax rate around 14.5%. For the remainder of fiscal 2016, we recommend modeling a cash tax rate in the 14.5% range. We expect Q1 share count to be around 195 million shares resulting in EPS of $1.60 at the midpoint of the revenue range. Our Q1 gross margin guidance exceeds our previous target of 50%, and we are within striking distance of our previously outlined $7.00 EPS target. Given our confidence in our business trajectory, which is driven by visibility into future architectures and our internal gross margin initiatives, we are introducing a new organic midterm model. And that's driven by the following assumptions. First, we continue to see our served market opportunity growing at a mid-teens pace for the foreseeable future based on our ability to address more systems level functionality and expand our footprint. Second, we are targeting continued gross margin expansion driven by the positive contribution from our latest generation products, which incorporate higher levels of integration and functionality with greater differentiation, the growth of integrated mobile systems in broad markets product areas as a percentage of our revenue, scale benefits associated with increased volume, continuing efficiency gains from our filter business, and our ongoing efforts to optimize cycle times, yields and supply chain efficiencies. And third, we anticipate ongoing R&D investments in systems, engineering and field applications teams to extend our technology advantages and build out our footprint in adjacent vertical markets. The end result is that within a six-quarter to eight-quarter period, we are targeting organic annualized EPS of $8 at a revenue run rate of around $4.5 billion with gross margins in the 53% range. Longer term, based on our internal margin initiatives, we are driving the business towards gross margins in the 55% range on an organic basis. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Don. As we enter fiscal 2016, our deep customer engagements, visibility into future generation architectures, and internal margin enhancement initiatives provide us with a unique perspective on our future growth opportunities, providing a high confidence level in our organic business trajectory. Before opening the calls to questions, I'd like to provide a brief update on the acquisition of PMC. On October 30, we announced that we have entered into an amended and restated merger agreement to acquire PMC for $11.60 in cash per share of PMC common stock which we intend to fund through a combination of cash on hand and fully committed debt financing. The agreement has been approved by both boards of directors and is expected to close some time in the first half of calendar 2016. It's worth noting that the acquisition of PMC is additive to the organic $8 midterm model that Don just described and a mid-50%s gross margin goal. So in closing, we remain poised to continue outperforming the broader semiconductor market and extending our track record of above-market topline growth, enhanced financial returns and earnings leverage. We've created a unique business model tethered to the global wave of connectivity and combining consistent above-market topline growth with the financial returns of a best-in-class diversified analog company. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity. Go ahead, please.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations on the new (14:12).
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Mike? Hello? We lost you.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hello?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We lost you.
Operator: Yeah, so I apologize. Mike, are you there now?
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Okay. Go ahead.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: I'm sorry, can you hear me now?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yep.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Sorry about that. Just going to follow-up on the design win activity with marquee customers, you shared this new target which is great to see, the $8 target. One of your competitors today in their press release is talking about securing design activity with marquee smartphones. Is it just that these smartphones are more and more complex and there's more opportunities, or maybe could you just address kind of your comfort and visibility into these marquee customers and design win activity into next year.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well I think in general, the visibility we have continues to improve because as we mentioned in our prepared comments, we're being invited into the design cycle much, much earlier because we have a bigger footprint, we have a bigger piece of the overall system, and the system requirements are increasingly dependent upon strong analog performance, which is our sweet spot. As a result of that, we are seeing fewer competitors; a definite consolidation of share as we address each customer. So in general, the content is increasing with Wi-Fi functionality, tuning functionality, power management, amplifiers, filters and the like, and we're seeing a narrower competitor base. And so that's why we continue to see – and teardown reports, for example, will bear this out – we continue to see increased content with each successive generation of design.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question will come from Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. Go ahead please.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: Afternoon, everybody, and congratulations as well.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Alex.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: I was wondering, Dave, and you're setting a mid-teens growth, does that assume an underlying market growth rate in smartphones consistent with what Qualcomm just outlined yesterday in the low-single digits? And is there room for variance around that? What are the puts and takes around the market doing better than or worse than an underlying low-single digits growth rate?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think when we look at our addressable market, two things are driving it, Alex. One is that we do see – for example, in China, we're really focused on 4G. We're focused on smartphones and 4G. We've de-emphasized 3G to the extent that it's a standalone product. We don't do any 2G anymore. And so we tend to focus on segments of the market that are at the highest growth that really demand a level of system performance for which we get paid a premium. So we think the growth rate of smartphones and how we address smartphones is a little higher than that. And clearly we get a multiplier because we are increasingly addressing on the analog side increasing band content, carrier aggregation, more high functionality Wi-Fi and MIMO and 2x2s, more power management and voltage functions, so we are broader than any of our competitors at the system level. So our content continues to grow, driven by complexity of the device and also we continue to add more blocks of functionality in the overall system.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: But, Dave, that reminds me of an additional question for you. You've done a great job historically of focusing like you are now on 4G or the key customers. And in going after PMC-Sierra here, it's a company that's gotten caught looking at some legacy type of markets before. How far are you willing to take this bidding war you're in now? It's taken you decades to build up a $1 billion war chest. What's the urgency in going after this now?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, as we stated in our earlier remarks, Alex, we do have a definitive agreement. We have our committed financing. We expect to close sometime in first half of 2016. And given that the transaction hasn't yet closed, that's about all we can say. The only thing I will add is that, if you look at Skyworks, the sweet spot of what we're very good at, we've been leveraging high-speed data and the consumption in mobility. So it's a natural extension to mobility and connectivity for us to extend into access to the cloud. We think it's just another high-end growth driver that will be both accretive to margin, but also sustainable for a generation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Cody Acree with Drexel. Go ahead, please.
Cody G. Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Thanks, guys, for taking my questions and congratulations.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Cody.
Cody G. Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: You guys went through the summer with a lot of concerns about excess handset inventories. I'd just like to get your view on where the health of inventory is as we head into the holidays.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Cody. Yeah, we actually see inventory levels right now kind of at normal run rate. We have great visibility into our tier-1 accounts. We have visibility into China and other markets and nothing really unusual there. You're right, there was a little bit of a softness at some point earlier in the year, but we feel good about the position today.
Cody G. Acree - Drexel Hamilton LLC: And, Dave, just maybe on a strategic question, with your position in filters and the growth in capacity that you've made, what is your long-term strategic objective in filters? Is it a market that you can address with what you have or do you need to get up into the BAW filter territory to really address the opportunities in that market?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a great question. If you think about the way we're approaching filter technology, it's very much the way we approach semiconductor technology where we try to be as process agnostic as we possibly can and look for the best process for the function. And we've done that very successfully in Wi-Fi and transmit path and power management and so on. In the case of filters it's really no different. We don't sell discrete filters. All of our filters are integrated into a higher level system where we're able to leverage our MCM capability, our amplifiers, our switches, our filters to come out with the best overall data handling capability at the lowest current consumption. And we'll continue to do that here. We find that TC SAW has been a wonderful addition in technology for us. We are also extending the advantages of temperature compensated surface acoustic devices to do higher and higher frequency, and frankly picking off bands that were previously only addressable by BAW. And with respect to bulk acoustic technology, we do see that there are bands that we're going to need and so between partnerships and our own internal development, we expect to be in production with BAW devices by 2017.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Go ahead, please.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the results and strong outlook. The first question is for Dave. Dave, I think it was about 10 months ago or so that you identified that the performance of the business in the fiscal second quarter would behave better than it had historically because of the growth of the broad markets business. Is that still your view?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You mean our fiscal second quarter? Is that what you're talking about, Craig?
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yeah, the fiscal second quarter, the calendar March quarter.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The answer is, yes, it is our view. March normal seasonality in the market is down perhaps 8% to 10%. Some customers will be down more. Other customers will likely do better. But despite that, we have a couple of tailwinds. One is that we are consistently adding content. And that quarter will be no different than prior quarters and the quarter we just completed. And broad markets for us is usually better than normal seasonality in March. So our expectation is that we will outpace that normal seasonality in March.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thank you. And then the follow-up is for Don. Don, very robust gross margin performance the last two quarters in the outlook. The incremental gross margins, I think, on average around 70% for those three quarters. So, given the strength of the new midterm model, are you suggesting that the business can stay on that trajectory? Or are there things happening in the business that would cause some deviation from the recent strength we've seen in the gross margin line?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. The way to, Craig, to model that going forward is we still have a high confidence when we take a look at what products we're shipping in the forecast that at a minimum you're going to see a 57%, as we've discussed before, kind of incremental drop-through. What's different as you're looking at our margin profile is that our new product releases in generations as they're shipping, they're tending to have higher margins. And that's based on the integration, based on functionality, based on value to customer. So, you can have some swings in that on the upside, not on the downside, on the upside, as you roll through that. So, the best way to do that as we've just given you this 53% six quarters out basically in the new midterm model, so as you roll through the trajectory, I would just take a look at what that drop-through would mean during that period of time, and that's how to model it. That's the best way to do that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Atif Malik with Citigroup. Go ahead please.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on another strong quarter. Dave, a question on the gross margins. If I look at other component makers in smartphone market application processor, I mean, those guys are talking about ASP pressures next year, and you guys are planning to expand your gross margin. So help me understand why the pricing environment or the gross margin profile for RF guys should remain strong into next year in a decelerating year-over-year smartphone unit environment?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's relatively simple. It isn't a year-over-year, part-to-part comparison. We are increasingly integrating more functionality as these devices get more complex, and we're seeing fewer competitors able to do it. Customers can't handle discrete components any longer, and that level of integration required to have a product that consumes low current, that's small, that is highly integrated requires many, many different functional blocks with process technology know-how pulled together in a low-cost manufacturing platform with great system architectures. So, we are able to work with our customers to give them a differentiated system performance which is increasingly becoming analog and RF dependent; less digital and more analog and RF dependent, and that's our sweet spot. And so our customers it isn't as if that we're charging our customers more, per se, per function, it's that they're giving us more of the system requirement and they're paying us for it because we've generated we add a great deal of value for them.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. And as a follow-up, on your last call you guys talked about selling one 1 billion plus TC SAW filter units this fiscal year and 1.2 billion end of this calendar year. If you can update us on those numbers and what your expectations are for next year.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure, yes, we are actually well on the way to beat our estimate on TC SAW production. We will exit the calendar year over 1.2 billion in TC SAW devices. And as Dave articulated, all of those devices are being consumed internally by these highly complex system architectures. So we're wrapping up multiple bands, very, very high precision devices that allow our customers to put best-in-class solutions into their products. So it's a great opportunity. It's early innings. We continue to invest and fund and CapEx. We expect another very strong year in 2016 for our filter integrated solutions, and it's a great opportunity for us and our customers.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer. Go ahead, please.
Rick E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes, thanks. And I'll add my congratulations, guys.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Thanks, Rick.
Rick E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): My first question just was curious if you guys could provide some color or some early color on how you see the March quarter shaping up? Are there any factors at play we should be thinking about that would make it better or worse than what we've seen over the last couple of years?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think so. Maybe Liam could chime in. Again, as I mentioned a moment ago, we think the markets down 8% to 10%, I think what you're maybe getting at is we do see the opportunity for OEM share shifts. We've factored that into our forecasts. We understand that. We have a great deal of experience with all of our large OEM customers. So we're able to sort of understand their buying and consumption patterns. So we think we handicapped that in a very conservative fashion. I don't think that's an issue for us. Our broad markets continue to add not only content, but add more new opportunities for us, which are growing sequentially each quarter, and we don't think March will be any different than that.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Yes, exactly. I think that's the real change is that the broad market portfolio continues to grow. It's highly diversified. We go from connected home to broad IoT devices, starting to even move it in markets like automotive. So there's a segment of our company now that really doesn't revolve around that typical seasonality in the March quarter. So we hopefully can do a great deal of work to offset the normal cycle.
Rick E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just as my follow-up, maybe can you comment on the content trends with some of the China smartphone OEMs? I know Apple's success there is it having any sort of noticeable impact on the RF content complexity plans for sort of the second gen 4G phones from the big China OEMs? And if there's any way you can put numbers to that or give a sense of if you've got sort of in the $4 of content on average now, what that might look like in the next year or two?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Yes. No, that's a great question. And we certainly look at the China opportunity as a long-term secular trend for Skyworks. So we're going to do very well. We've been doing well. And as you've articulated, the 4G cycle is significantly meaningful. We do address that with the global Tier 1s. You named a few, as well as the local brands, and what we've been seeing is that the local providers; names like Huawei, names like Xiaomi, Oppo, Vivo have now become much more comfortable with developing the higher-end solutions in 4G. It's a major content gain for us when you compare with the 3G devices where we may have $1 or $1.25 of opportunity. Now we move to $3 to $4. And it's not just traditional transmit devices. It's receive side technology, there's Wi-Fi technology, there's power, there's GPS. So it's a powerful cycle. There's going be some share shifts in that market. Not everyone is going to win. The local brands are sorting it out. We see three or four companies emerging. The foreign brands, the global players will participate. But one of the things to note about Skyworks is we're highly diversified. We're diversified with the China brands, we're diversified with the global brands, and we'll do well in that market as it grows.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Vincent D. Celentano - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. This is Vince Celentano in for Steve. Going back to the broad markets, it looks like you guys grew around mid-teens this year. Given the growth in wearables and as you're saying the content growth in networking gear, do you think this mid-teens growth is kind of a sustainable growth rate for 2016? Or are you expecting more growth because of that? And in general, what are the main drivers you see determining what happens?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Yes. No, absolutely. So the broad market, it's getting quite exciting because it's really the sum of many, many different segments. We talked a lot about our Wi-Fi business and access point and connected home, and now you do have the emergence of markets like wearables. And what we're seeing in those markets is early stage it's been relatively light duty with respect to connectivity. They may incorporate Wi-Fi. We have ZigBee, we even have Bluetooth products that are participating through that space. But we're starting to look further out in architectures with lead customers, and they're bringing in higher levels of complexity even in wearables and IoT devices. We're seeing LTE being embedded in solutions that will launch in the back half of 2016. So it's very early innings for mass adoption with consumers, but it's quite likely that the content trends that we've observed in smartphones could play out in IoT as well and in wearables.
Vincent D. Celentano - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just a quick line item question. Was there any particular reason for the jump in accounts receivable this quarter?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. Our DSO for the quarter was the same as Q2. Q3 and Q4 were around 43 days. It was just the timing of when the revenue shipped in the quarter. That's all it was. It's not a collection or velocity issue.
Operator: Okay, thank you. We have a question from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Go ahead please.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a great quarter and guide.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Thank you.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Thanks. Couple of questions on the TC SAW side. Obviously it's doing 120%, 140% year-on-year it looks like. How much capacity are you adding in RF as we look into next year?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we've added about a tripling of capacity with the new factory, Hitachi glass factory we acquired, we've been outfitting. That's why you saw a little bit of increase in the capital. So we're beginning to ship into that new factory and we'll see a good doubling of expansion.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Yeah, and further to that, think of this as a high performance filter site, all topology. So bulk acoustic wave opportunities, temperature compensated surface acoustic wave, standard surface acoustic wave. It is a first-class facility and we're funding it in the right way. We've got great people, qualified proven people. We're upping our game in design engineering. We've got a war chest of IP. So this is going to be a real driver, a competitive driver, for us.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, and just to clarify, the new facility is a leased facility. It wasn't a big CapEx investment for us. The equipment we're investing in, but the facility itself is just a lease.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. And just briefly, I know it's been asked before, but as you look at 2016, your comfort at the content growth in the marquee phones? Thanks.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's very high. We have really quite good visibility and it's really a function of two things. One is that the content in general is going up as more bands are brought to market, more carrier aggregation bands, more sophisticated Wi-Fi, more voltage and power challenges that need to be solved in the analog functionality. So we're able to do that. And we have increasingly been able to put more functional blocks on the table to try to sweep in more, whether it's in our module or at the IC level. So I feel very comfortable that this increasing content generation over generation will continue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Go ahead please.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello?
Operator: Mr. Snyder, your line is open. Okay. We will move on then to Mike Burton with Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Mike A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the strong quarter, especially in this environment. First for Don, great execution on the margin front and a nice update there. Sorry I missed it, but did you say that we should be using a 57% contribution margin going forward? And then what are the puts and takes for OpEx as we go through the next fiscal year relative to normal seasonality and planned program ramps?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Mike, as far as the drop-through, if you were to look at going from the guide we just gave to December to the target revenue quarter of $1.125 billion and you looked at 51% to 53% and you just did the drop-through on that volume change, it's 62%. Why I'm saying use the 57% is because it's going be a little different than that in that it's based on the timing of shipments. So there may be some quarters it will be a little higher than that. I would just look at that timeframe and then you can smooth that out over that. But if you just did it on a straight-line basis, it would be 62%. There's going be some quarters it could be 57% and 70%. So that's why I'm answering the question I am. But it's all good news, obviously.
Mike A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC: Okay. And then on the OpEx side?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I would say to model that the way we've done it and when you look for six quarters out, we're adding about $3.5 million a quarter in OpEx.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question now from Harsh Kumar with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks, guys. This is Richard. Let me echo my congratulations as well.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Unknown Speaker: Wanted to talk about the broad markets. Clearly the IoT market is going crazy. Could you quantify kind of the CAGR you're seeing there? And then in terms of your automotive strategy, can you talk about your design wins there? And then when should we start to see the acceleration of revenues?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure. So within broad markets, this last year we grew about 20% year-over-year with all segments. The IoT elements and segments have been the fastest growers. So we have IoT growing faster than that 20% and then we have some markets, like infrastructure, that have been a little slower, but net-net you get the 20%. We think that's sustainable. We're adding new customers. There's a roster of names that we participated with this year. We talked about some of the marquee solutions with Google's OnHub and other devices. Automotive, we're starting to get design wins in a couple of places. We started with some of the infotainment-like solutions with Wi-Fi and power management in-dash. More recently, we've seen customers adopt LTE-based roaming hot spots, if you will, and gobble up a great deal of 4G technology. Those solutions will be shipping later in 2016. It's still very early for us and automotive is still a new market for Skyworks. But, yeah, you should expect a lot more there from each of the segments, the traditional IoT, the connected home and then eventually more on the auto side.
Unknown Speaker: That's very helpful. Thank you for that color. And then in terms of the December quarter guidance, what are the puts and takes to get to your guidance level on revenues?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, this is Dave. December is normally a strong quarter for us. It's a holiday seasonal ramp. We'll continue to grow within emerging market LTE upgrade cycle. We've got some nice content. We've got really good position with the SoC partners. I think we'll see another strong broad markets quarter, particularly in the connected home and in IoT. This will be offset a little bit maybe by some of the markets we address like industrial, as we see a little softness there. But net-net broad markets will be up in December. So we're guiding revenue up to be about 15% year-over-year, margins will expand, and as Don mentioned, strong earnings leverage.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks, guys. And congratulations.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Thanks.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Go ahead please.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. And I'll echo my congratulations. Very good results and guidance despite all the noise and headwinds in the markets. It's good to see that.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Vivek.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So maybe as my first one, Dave, I'm trying to understand if let's say for whatever reason growth shifts from your large marquee customer to, let's say, customers in China, how is Skyworks positioned? And is it fair to think that when I look at your absolute content, it may be roughly similar in both situations because at the large marquee customer you probably have less share and a higher bill of materials, whereas at the Chinese customers you may have higher share and a lower bill of materials? So is it possible there is that kind of balancing? So even if growth shifts from one class to the other, you can still continue to do well?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, yes, we can continue to do well. I think we continue to do very well because content is going up across our customer base. It's interesting that you commented on it's kind of winner-take-all with some of these indigenous providers or rather OEMs within China and our content is going up among those. So I think it really remains to be seen, but it has been the case that the leaders in the smartphone space have been driving technology that has been later adopted by others. So there's a little bit of a time delay, but I think your thesis is fine.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And as my follow-up, even after you complete the announced PMC acquisition, you'll still have a relatively strong balance sheet and low leverage. How do you think about uses of cash and the debt capacity given where the stock is right now versus what you think is a strong growth trajectory as you look at next year?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, I think with respect to M&A, you're right, we'll have light leverage and we will have an opportunity to pay it down very, very fast because, as you've seen, we're a very strong cash generator. We generate a lot of free cash flow at Skyworks. And so if I look at the long-term, we continue and will continue to look for accretive acquisitions that have a couple of characteristics. One is they have stickiness to the end customers. So there's a technology envelope or market being addressed that is highly valued where we can leverage perhaps customer relationships, manufacturing expertise, process know-how, system capability and create solutions that have a great deal of value. We're also looking for opportunities to leverage our position in mobile and connectivity for adjacent markets – vertical markets if you will – that again have those same characteristics. We're very interested in looking for analog opportunities that are outside of our current target market scope and look for logical extensions where we can continue to increase margins, while having more legs to the stool, if you will.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, and, Vivek, just to follow on that. So, as Dave said, if you look at our EBITDA and our strong cash flow, we certainly have the powder to lever up more than the said deals. PMC would be about 1.2 times EBITDA. So we'll have room to grow if we so desired. We like the 40% return to the shareholders, so we'll continue to look at annual dividend increases. That's a smart play for us. And then we'll do opportunistic share buyback. So that's the right formula, because obviously we could take that number up, but we think the best long-term value is to continue to focus on how we're going to grow the top line of the business. So that's the balance that we're trying to strike.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Go ahead, please.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Thank you. Sorry about that. So a couple things. First, Dave, you guys did better on the Phase II MediaTek than I think a lot of people had anticipated here, and first wanted to confirm that that was something like SkyLiTE, correct? And does it represent an increase in RF content both for that platform, the last one and for Skyworks? And is that the trend you're seeing in even the white-box guys at this point?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Ed, yes, this is Liam. That's a great pickup on that. We did win some meaningful share with MediaTek and it is our SkyLiTE product line. And what SkyLiTE is, actually, is think of it as our SkyOne ex-filters. So there's a couple of themes there. The content with MediaTek on those platforms is going be an upgrade from where we were on the prior region, but overtime, if you can envision, if we start to develop our filter strategy and our integration strategy with a company like MediaTek taking the SkyLiTE and now embedding high-performance filters, you could see a real pop in opportunity. And it's something that our chipset partners want to see. So yes, you called that correctly with the technology. We're happy with the position. We love MediaTek. We've worked with them for years. They were a little late to the game in 4G, but as you've seen, they're accelerating gains.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: And then you're talking a lot about BAW here and I know you guys work – this is an FBAR type process I think it is. Is it not? And did Panasonic have IP in that? Or do you think you'd cross over anything that Avago has got here? How do you feel about the IP situations, given that there's only two other guys doing this right now?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Panasonic has, as you can imagine, a great deal of fundamental IP around filters in general. And so filters have been around for a long time, bulk acoustic filters have been around a long time as have surface acoustic filters, and so we have a lot of IP in filters. And Panasonic brought us a great deal of expertise and leverage.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's Q&A session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing remarks.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much for listening and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti - Vice President, Investor Relations David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Liam K. Griffin - President
Analysts: Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc. Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Krysten Sciacca - Needham & Co. LLC Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' third fiscal quarter 2015 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette ,and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations Section of our company website for a complete reconciliation of GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, thanks, Steve, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to announce another strong performance at Skyworks in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, with revenue, profitability, and earnings all exceeding our guidance. We had a number of key business highlights during the quarter and these include expanding the design win funnel of our integrated platforms like SkyOne, SkyLiTE, high performance PADs, and advanced diversity receive modules, broadening the scale and capabilities of our growing filter portfolio, increasing our momentum in broad markets and enhancing our capital returns to shareholders. As the world becomes more interconnected, we are capitalizing on powerful secular growth trends, including the rising adoption of streaming media services, the proliferation of connectivity in the emerging markets and the Internet of Things, driving growth well in excess of the broader semiconductor market. The common thread across all of these market trends is the need for seamless access to content and the ability to transmit large amounts of data to the cloud, efficiently, reliability, anytime and anywhere. Technology leaders like Google, like Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and others, all recognize this and are prioritizing mobility with their corporate strategies as they strive to provide users with a great connected experience. These market dynamics translate into much more complex architectures and higher performance specifications, providing an opportunity for Skyworks to offer differentiated solutions with high barriers to entry. We accomplished this by leveraging our combination of core technology expertise, integration capabilities and systems leadership. Our solutions have become mission critical within the overall value chain, facilitating deeper strategic relationships with our customers, a more defensible business model with enhanced financial returns. Our third quarter results are clear evidence of this. And specifically, during the quarter, we produced revenue of $810 million. That's up 38% year-over-year. We expanded our gross margins to 49%. That's up 360 basis points year-over-year. We generated operating income of $295 million, with operating margins of 36.5%. We posted $1.34 in earnings per share. That's up more than 60% year-over-year and $0.06 ahead of our guidance. And we're guiding fourth quarter revenue to be $875 million with gross margins of 50% and $1.51 of EPS. Finally, we announced during the quarter that we will be doubling our dividend. Adding to our solid financial performance, our Q3 design wins highlight the success we've had in capturing new high value system level opportunities. And our recent broad market wins include ZigBee front-end solutions within Home Depot's smart lighting platform; multiple analog designs supporting telematics capabilities in Subaru's 2016 models, this is complementing prior telematics wins at Ford and at Audi; a customized system in a package including processor and all supporting analog content across Google's refreshed smart home portfolio. We've also won analog ICs within Gemalto's machine to machine modules, supporting industrial and transportation verticals, and over $14 of content in a femtocell design with a leading SoC provider. Now in mobile, we delivered a complete system portfolio. This includes a transmit chain, an antenna tuning and switching functions to support Huawei's Honor smartphones. We ramped a carrier aggregation enabled version of our SkyOne Mini, along with diversity modules in ZTE's quad core Star-II mobile platform. And we enabled Meizu's LTE portfolio with SkyLiTE solution supporting Mediatek's latest octa-core chipset. These design wins illustrate the diverse pipeline of rich content opportunities that we are servicing today. And they highlight our competitive edge in applications that require complex systems capabilities. So overall I'm quite pleased with our third quarter and more importantly, looking ahead, we continue to find new avenues to further enhance the financial returns of the company. And with that, I'll turn that over to Don for more in depth review of our financials.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks Dave, and thanks for joining us everyone. Revenue for the third quarter was $810 million, ahead of our prior guidance of $800 million and up 38% versus the year ago quarter. Gross profit was $396.7 million, and that's 49% of revenue, a point higher than our guidance, and up 360 basis points from the third quarter of fiscal 2014. The Q3 margin upside was driven by gains from accretive new product launches, enhancements in our filter business and improved operational efficiencies. Operating expenses were $101.3 million consisting of R&D expense of $65.1 million and SG&A expense of $36.2 million. We generated $295.4 million of operating income and that's up 65% year-over-year and yielded a 36.5% operating margin. Below the line we had a gain of roughly $900,000 from interest and other income. Our cash tax rate for the quarter was 11.4%, resulting in net income of $262.5 million or $1.34 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.06 better than our guidance. Turning to our third quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $222 million in cash flow from operations, invested $108 million in capital expenditures and our depreciation for the quarter was $42 million. We also distributed $72 million to shareholders through our dividend and stock repurchase activity. And we exited the quarter with over $1.1 billion in cash on hand and no debt. Finally, we recently announced that we are doubling our quarterly dividend from $0.13 per share to $0.26 per share, payable on August 27, 2015. The increased dividend represents approximately a 1% yield based on our current stock price and $1.04 per share in annual payout. This increase is supported by our expanding cash flow base. Our quarterly dividend, along with our ongoing share repurchase initiatives reflect the high confidence we have in our business fundamentals and remain an important components of our ongoing commitment to return approximately 40% of free cash flow to shareholders. Moving to product mix. For the third quarter of fiscal 2015, power amplifiers represented 24% of revenue, integrated mobile systems was 53% and broad markets was 23%. Once again, integrated mobile systems was our fastest growing category, up 120% year-over-year, highlighting the shift to our higher margin system solutions, which is ongoing across our customer base. Our broad market products again grew over 20% during the quarter, well ahead of the diversified analog market, fueled by the spread of connectivity through a broad range of end markets. Now turning to our fourth quarter business outlook. We expect revenue to be $875 million, and that's up 22% year-over-year. At this level, we anticipate gross margin to be 50%. That represents more than a 400 basis point improvement year-over-year. This increase is driven by the continued adoption of our integrated solutions and precision analog products, integration efficiencies and ongoing operational initiatives. We continue to recommend modeling 55% incremental gross margin from the new Q4 baseline providing additional runway for margin improvement ahead. We expect operating expenses to be $104 million to $105 million, driven primarily by incremental investments in engineering and development teams. These investments expand our footprint within new verticals and our serviceable market opportunity, as well as further enhancing our integration capabilities. We expect fourth quarter operating margins to exceed 38%. Below the line, we anticipate around $900,000 in income from interest and other income and a cash tax rate around 11.5%. For fiscal 2016 we continue to recommend modeling a cash tax rate in the 14% to 15% range. We expect our Q4 share count to be around 196 million shares resulting in EPS of $1.51. We maintain a high level of confidence in our growth trajectory through 2016 and beyond. Having just guided over $6 in earnings per share on an annualized basis, we continue to accelerate our progress towards our $7 EPS target. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Don. And for the remainder of my commentary, I'd like to provide more insight into the dynamics in our end markets, which are enabling us to drive higher market share and higher profitability. As wireless technology in general continue to advance, our customers are embedding significantly more capability into progressively smaller footprints, while pushing for higher performance and improved battery life all with perfect quality. We see this trend repeating itself across our served markets and throughout our customer base, in mobile devices, in the connected home, as well as the automobile, and even on the factory floor. The challenges our customers face today are numerous and they include managing coexistence of multiple communications protocols, like 4G, like WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth and Zigbee, accommodating more and more operating frequency bands with tighter and tighter band spacing; implementing advanced data techniques like diversity, carrier aggregation, multi-stream WiFi to improve throughput, and employing envelope tracking to improve power efficiency. In short, design challenges are skyrocketing and customers who often have limited expertise of analog systems design are struggling to keep up. This creates a pressing need to align with the right supply partners, to provide solutions that speed time to market, that increase reliability, and that reduce supply chain risk. Because of this today, we are on the drawing board with customers much earlier in the design cycle. In many cases two years or three years ahead of current-generation products. This provides significantly better visibility, and influence into technology roadmaps and architectural decisions. So to reiterate, as the leader in complex integration, Skyworks is increasingly a partner of choice for customers I think for three primary reasons. First, we have unmatched system design capabilities dating back to the inception of our company, including a substantial force of system expertise of experts with backgrounds in mobile device design and backgrounds in diversified analog. Second, we have extensive product breadth in core enabling technologies like GaAs, SOI, silicon-germanium, CMOS and filtering enable us to leverage the best technology for any particular application. Third, we have unrivaled advanced multi-technology, multichip production capabilities with proprietary processes, allowing us to provide customers with highly customized system solutions. And a key advantage for us today is our high-performance filters. Our unique technology edge in premium filters enables higher system performance through tighter band spacing with improved isolation and a more efficient signal path. As the market continues to evolve, we see tremendous demand as systems solutions sweep in an unprecedented amount of filter content. And in response to this strong demand outlook, we are investing in new capabilities and ramping capacity both internally and with our outside fab partners. And finally during the quarter, we acquired Quantance, an innovator in envelope tracking technologies. This technology acquisition provide us with a rich portfolio of fundamental ET patents and design expertise aim at enhancing power efficiency and minimizing heat energy dissipation in connected devices. We see numerous opportunities to leverage this technology across our product lines. So to summarize, the end result is that we're able to develop the smallest, the most efficient, the most integrated products in the market today, incorporating all amplification, switching, logic, and filtering, and this is both in transmit and receive functions. The value these systems provide to customers translates directly into best-in-class returns. And I think this dynamic is validated by our 50% gross margin outlook for September quarter, and our 55% incremental margin guidance. In closing, we've created a unique business model, tethered to the global wave of connectivity and combining consistent above market topline growth with the financial returns of a best-in-class diversified analog company. Operator, that concludes our prepared comments. We can open it for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from Harsh Kumar with Stephens. Go ahead please.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah, hey guys. First of all, congratulations again. Once again, stellar, phenomenal execution.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Harsh.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Quick question Don, the base line, I think in the press release you mentioned now is 50%, 38% on the op side, 50% on the gross side. Just wanted to clarify, as we look in the future, is that predicated on a certain revenue level? Does that even apply in seasonally off quarters? If you can just give us a color so we can model out in the future a little bit better.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I mean, it's consistent with how we've talked about modeling from before. It's just a new baseline and it's a new incremental percentage. So when you're modeling as you go forward, quarter-to-quarter, you start with the guide that we gave. That's the new baseline. And then any incremental revenue that you add to that, you drop through at 55%. The OpEx, we're recommending adding about $3 million a quarter. And you'll see that there's a tremendous amount of leverage left in the model and we continue to focus on growing the gross margin and you'll see that it grows as we move forward. And quite frankly you model out that way, and we talked about mid-teens growth potential in these out years that you'll see we get to that annualized $7 number, but it's sometime in calendar 2016.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Fantastic. And as a follow-up, maybe a question for Dave. I know that one of your large customers is in a build mode. Could you may be give us some color on how the build plays out versus between the September and the December quarter for you guys?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, September quarter is normally a seasonally strong quarter for us. It is the early part of seasonal ramps – sorry, customers. We're also seeing strong growth in the connected home and some of our IoT verticals. So I think as Don commented, we're guiding revenue to be up about 22% with very strong earnings leverage. And I think we'll play that into December as well which is normally up seasonally. And given our current visibility and our expectations across our markets, we think we can exceed that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Go ahead please.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question and congrats also on delivering I think what is some of the best growth and execution and consistency in this industry.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Vivek.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Dave, so maybe as a first question, I think you answered the near term Q3 and Q4 trends. Just longer term, what innings of the growth cycle do you think we're in? Because I understand the content growth, but high-end smartphone unit demand seems to be peaking, it seems to be sort of a zero-sum gain between the top two players. Do you think there are enough content growth opportunities for you in the mid-range and low-end to drive overall growth for the company?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Vivek, well that's a big question. I will say this, I do believe we're in the early innings in an upgrade cycle with 4G being kind of the operative technology. And you could go country-by-country, you can look at China, you can look at India, you can look at Central/Latin America, and you get the number of customers who continue to be either unconnected or connected through a 2G or 3G device. So we think there's an upgrade. But this complexity that we've spoken so much about in the past and that we highlighted on the call today is not abating. It's not lessening. So they were going to be fewer competitors capable of delivering the product breadth with the scale of Skyworks. And more customers who are looking for that content expansion is simply to get them to time to market with a reliable product. So I think the long-term growth for us in mobile is very strong. We think that the growth rate in the TAM is about 15%. We like to always try to do better than the growth rate for TAM. And of course, we're in the infancies of many of these vertical markets, many of which are becoming connected for the first time. And we've got a strong systems engineering team, we've got feet on the street, we think we can continue to penetrate new market opportunities with new growth vectors.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Very helpful, Dave. And then as a follow-up, you highlighted the growth in the broad markets where you have grown over 20%, much better than the diversified analog peers. Do you think adding other building blocks through M&A could help accelerate that growth? And where I'm going with that is you have a very clean balance sheet, no debt, you're generating good cash. Is there a way to leverage that and accelerate growth in some of these new broad markets?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think the short answer is yes. Quantance is a small acquisition, but gives us the capability into envelope tracking. We invested in the JV, which we will complete 100% ownership here in the not too distant future. That gave us a real strong base of high-performance filter technology. We've done acquisitions in the past which added power management and very specific strength in connectivity. So we'll continue to look at these kinds of acquisitions that allow us to do two things. One is to increase the stickiness of our designs within mobile, and add a broader target, a larger target of TAM. And secondly, that we can leverage into this growing list of vertical markets and Internet of Things that give us, again, more relevance and give us more of an overall system approach.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question now from Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks, and I'll add my congratulations, Dave and Don and Steve. Yeah, I guess my first question is just what impact you guys think Apple's recent success in China has had on the local OEMs' design and build plans? Maybe part of that answer, what do you think average overall RF content sort of looks like amongst the local Chinese OEMs today in 4G versus what you think it could look like in a year or two?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure, Rick, this is Liam. Well, we participate broadly through China, certainly with the local brands, names like Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, et cetera, and also through the large global Tier 1s that have also benefited from the strength. So there's been some bumpiness in China, but the 4G opportunity for Skyworks is very strong. It remains a growth catalyst for us. We see content expansion up two times to three times what you would see in a 2G or 3G phone. So we're excited about it. We're also pleased to see that the content for us has moved well beyond amplification and receive technology. We're bringing in WiFi, we're bringing in GPS, even power management. So, we have a long way to go in that cycle, and we feel very good about it.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. And then maybe a follow-up on an earlier question on your largest customer. I mean, if you agree that band counts – and I don't know if you do, but if you agree that band counts aren't rising a whole lot in the coming iPhone refresh, maybe can you help us understand where the content gains or opportunities are for RF or in the RF world? Maybe what total RF content sort of looks like, the current generation versus what's coming here in a couple of months?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, I'll take that. This is Dave. Without being specific with any one particular customer or launch, in general, we are seeing – it's not true that band count isn't increasing. In fact it's increasing a lot. And in fact if you look at the roadmaps of many of our customers, both low and very high-frequency bands that are quite tight in terms of spacing need to be added, will continue to be added, and the problem is there's no universal standard. So in some cases it'll be region and even country specific, which adds a great deal of complexity of more filtering, more switch arms, more amplification. And when we think about where the content is coming from, it's really across the board. Most people understand that there are more filters on the transmit path, more amplifiers, more need to switch, that's clear, that continues to go up. What's interesting going forward is the receive, as more and more streaming is required, the receive content is going way up. And in fact in many cases, we're seeing our customers and our chipset partners beginning to disintegrate, if you will, pull functions out like low noise amplifiers and so on in the receive side and try to figure out a way to get across multiple bands better receive performance. WiFi is moving to AC and Mymo technology. That's a big plus for us. We're doing much more in power management and voltage control, we're able to control the voltage that a power amplifier sees on the input side and it gives us much better current consumption, much higher efficiency, more switching. I think you understand that, so we're doing lighting and power, so I would say all of those categories continue to add content.
Operator: Thank you, we'll go next to Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thank you for taking the question and I'll echo the congratulations on the execution around profitable growth.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: I wanted to start with a question for Don on gross margins, and there's two parts to it, Don. One is a near-term question, one is a long-term question. The near-term question is with incremental gross margins being nicely above the 55% level, what causes them to move back towards 55% near-term? And the longer-term part of the question is, if we look out over a multiyear basis with your 55% incrementals, is there anything out there on the horizon that would create a ceiling with gross margins at some lower level than 50%, 55%, whether it's 52%, 53%, 54%, what have you?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, answer to the first question, Craig, is that the incrementals, if you look at what we delivered in the Q3 actual and what we've guided, they are actually above the 50% or 55% range, which we have traditionally seen, and that's really sort of a reset step function of what you're seeing in the products that we're now designing and releasing, the fact that we have captive filters, we've driving cost down. All that just resets where we are from a margin profile. So that's the way to think of it. Now there's – we've changed the portfolio as we're shipping new products. There's more value added, more integration and it has reset the margin baseline, so that now going forward we'll be at that 55%. As far as ceilings years out, it's hard to think in those terms. We'll continue to be very focused on driving margin improvement and expansion, and we see over the next several years a clear path to continue to do that. So that isn't anything that when we're looking at the products that we're going to be trying to win and design for that we think there's continued accretion on the margin line. So it's something we think we can deliver.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: And then the follow up question is for Dave. Dave, as you look at the product portfolio now, it's got some of the broadest diversity I can recall seeing, and there are things like diversity receive that are coming in and adding to growth, but can you just speak qualitatively to your confidence in the growth potential of the portfolio and in your ability to continue to add incremental products that can have a material impact on the company's growth?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think the confidence is high because as we've commented in the prepared remarks, we are participating earlier in the design cycle. So we know what's being lined out one or two years out and that's very helpful to us in terms of being able to align our technology footprint and our engineering resources. I'm very confident that the combination of manufacturing technologies with multi-chip modules, bumping flip chip and size reduction, shielding and so on, along with a broad portfolio of semiconductor technologies, will allow us to be able to be flexible and agile in terms of what the market demands. We're not wedded to any one in particular technology and we're vertically integrated in the manufacturing of those technologies at the assembly level. So I'm very confident. We've been very successful in hiring. Skyworks is an attractive company to work for today, I'm proud to say, and so we've had great results in hiring terrific people and opening design centers, and the turnover remains very low in terms of our overall head count. So I think we're in good shape.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Cody Acree from Ascendiant Capital. Please go ahead.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC: Yes, thanks, guys, and let me echo my congratulations.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Cody.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC: Maybe can you just compare the expectations for growth over the next couple quarters between handsets versus non-handset applications?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Cody. Well I think we have – as David indicated, next couple quarters we go through some seasonal ramps in the back half of the year in mobile. There's some content gains and opportunities for us there that we've lined out on with large accounts. But in the broad markets we're seeing a great proliferation of design wins across IOT, connected home, access points and routers, media boxes, and number of applications as I mentioned in appliances and remote and video monitoring, things like that. So those are all building up and our broad market business will still grow probably 20% year-over-year. So we're comfortable with the blend of the mix. We have outstanding visibility into both sides of the business right now, so we feel good about that and we'll continue to report, hopefully, incremental gains in broad...
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC: And Dave, historically your customers have really played the different suppliers, specifically back when they were just point solution PA vendors, but as you talked about fewer players being able to give full systems level solutions, are your customers starting to get to a point where they become sensitive to any one of you or your competitors gaining too much market share?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the way we think about it and the way we try to position this with our customers is that at the end of the day if we can provide them with a very solid supply chain backed up by a track record of execution, and we can help them solve these really problematic changes in design and complexity, they've welcomed giving us more content as long as we continue to execute. It is the case – I think, in the world of RF many years ago that was a unique function where there were lots of competitors and you could go pin to pin from one to another and swap out. It hasn't really been the case in display. It's not the case in audio codec. It's not in the case of baseband, and it's no longer the case in RF. So we think it's coming down to high market share capability with those with the breadth and scale of which Skyworks is one and we think the best position.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Thanks a lot. Yesterday Qualcomm talked a lot about share loss in the premium modem, some at the expense of internal solutions like Shannon and Samsung and then HiSilicon and Huawei and I guess some to MediaTek. How should we look at that with regard to Skyworks' content on the different designs? Is that shift positive, negative or neutral to you? And then I had another question on flagship phones released in the second half of the year. There's been different lead times, not only for the phones themselves, but also for the different types of components you ship into the phones, and Skyworks has experienced just about every variant of this over the years. We've had strong ramps in June and then more modest growth in September, December, et cetera. How is that going to shake out this year? Are you – more WI-FI contents? Are you going to be strong early and then more modest later? Or how can we look at that because it's a big determinant in terms of what people think about the second half growth. Thanks, guys.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Sure Ed. With respect to Qualcomm and baseband proliferation or participation I should say, we're agnostic, so we have a number of platforms with Qualcomm baseband. We've got some real exciting platforms now with MediaTek, we mentioned Octa-Core, Samsung LSI, even Spreadtrum domestically in China. So we feel very comfortable about the way we're diversified across the baseband partitioning. And the content opportunities that we've discussed, they play across all of those as well, so that part of your question I think we're in good shape. We feel comfortable with our mix and our teams are working with every one of those chipset providers.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Ed, it's increasingly less about a reference design participation, although that's still important. It's more about how the customer feels about the portfolio and how comfortable they are with your technology roadmap, and they tend to drive the content expansion for us. And so I think as you see different choices on whose applications processor, whose modem, I think that's less an issue than what the customer is trying to accomplish and the relationship we have with that customer.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And your question about the percentage mix, if it's any different. Ed, I would say that if you looked at the profile of the ramp and the shipments, it's going to be consistent with what we've seen in the last several years where there's little or no revenue in the June quarter, and it starts in September quarter and ramps in the December quarter. So that's the pattern we would expect to see, very similar to the last couple years.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research, Inc.: Hey, Dave, your comments, is that to suggest that a lot of especially the low-end phones and I know you're doing a lot more SkyLiTE, SkyeModule. There are people who are kind of leaving the reservation of the reference design because LTE is so much more complicated. Are you getting more guys turning to you and saying, hey, solve all these problems for us. I won't say forget the reference design, but if we have to do something special, because Samsung's always done that. They've designed their own front ends. And Apple does. Is that now spreading to some of the big Chinese or the white label Chinese guys where they're just turning to the RF guys and saying, irrespective of what's on the design, give us a solution that works?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's a good question. Clearly among the companies you mentioned, Samsung and others, it's becoming increasingly, we know what we want to do, and it may be on the reference design; it may be not. Usually it's not in fact. So they're looking to us very early in the selection process, the architectural design process to help them figure out a way to architect it within, for example, their current consumption budget, their size constraints and so on. China is an interesting play because what we're doing today with some customers, we're customizing. We're completely customizing around Huawei, for example, and others. In others, the customization occurs with our tight relationship with, for example, MediaTek where we're actually doing custom designs for them with that chipset that don't play with any other chipset. So that's the way it is in China today. It's a bit of a mix.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. First, if you could just touch on China again. What are you guys seeing there from an overall demand perspective? There's a lot of moving parts over there, there are lot of different data points talking about some slowdown. So, if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing there from a demand standpoint and maybe just an update on how you see the 3-mode to 5-mode going, understanding both are content increases, but obviously 5-mode a little bit better. And then the second one if you could just talk a little bit about some of the new products like carrier agg and envelope tracking, how long do you think before those become a more meaningful parts of the revenue base? Thank you.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Tim. Let's start with China. Certainly there's been well-reported choppiness I would say in that market, but most of it has really been 2G and 3G ramp downs as 4G accelerates. And if you look at 4G, that's the opportunity that we're excited about. We have a tremendous content gain there. We talked about that already today. But in addition to the content gain, which could be $2, $3, $4 per phone, we're also seeing units start to look a little bit better through China just in the last month of June. In the full quarter of June, we saw 60 million net adds on the 4G cycle, so we feel good about that continuing through 2015, hopefully hitting about a 250 million unit number. Now, some of that business is won through local brands that we mentioned and some of it we benefit with global tier 1s that sell into China. So that's working out pretty well for us. A little bit of a slow start but we see it picking up in the second half.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. Go ahead please.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: Hey, everyone. Great quarter. Congratulations.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Alex.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: I know you guys are very conservative in terms of how you set expectations or at least you're very responsible in how you do it. But you manage to blow away numbers in an environment where a lot of people are stepping on landmines here and there. Can you be maybe a little bit more specific on what upsided in the quarter to allow you to deliver such impressive results, especially relative to the backdrop of the overall industry?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Alex, thank you for that. I think it's a combination of things. We are starting to see the planets align increasingly with the increased content. We've always had strong participation on the transmit side and in the last few years on the WI-FI connectivity. Some of these products are relatively new to us, power managements, some of the display products, voltage regulators, the receive side for sure, some of these filtering based, filter-enabled systems. And what we're finding is that we're just getting a higher hit rate with higher dollar content and higher margin. It's as simple as that. We track off the designs, we sample how many of them go through preproduction, get verified, get validated and then volume production, and to the extent as in most cases, we're sweeping in multiple devices in the same phone, where we win two devices, three devices, the whole suite, and we're increasingly finding our customers willing to let us help them architect right at the PCB level with more and more of our content. It benefits them because they get one-stop shopping and they get confidence in the interplay between those components. And secondly, I'm really thrilled with the development team's performance in these vertical markets and our ability to put, in many cases, new associates on the street to support our customers' architectures as we learn what it takes to win in the home, in the automobile, on the factory floor, in the hospital. That business just is doing great and it turns out that the technology footprint we've deployed in mobile is exactly what these markets require, and our team is just doing a terrific job I think. Not perfect, but a terrific job of lining those customers up, understanding their system level needs, and then executing.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot, guys, and I'll add my congratulations to good results in a really tough environment.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just looking at the broad market's business, you guys are really diversifying in a whole bunch of stuff here. Can you provide some more detail maybe on let's say the first half of 2015? How much revenue might have come from automotive versus say IOT versus say like enterprise and home routing?
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. The majority of the business comes through IOT in general and we actually include some of the automotive portfolios within that. So we have an opportunity in the connected home that we mentioned, some access points, home routers, media, set top box, it's all been strong for us. Automotive coming off a very low base for Skyworks is picking up. We talked about the telematics opportunities, the in-dash opportunities, and that's a portfolio or product line I think has great potential over the next several years. We're finally getting deep engagements with some of the automotive manufacturers we hadn't been working with at all, and we see there opportunity looking out. And then you have this proliferation of wearables, connecting appliances, connecting, as I mentioned, in home security, et cetera, using ZigBee, using Wi-Fi, using Bluetooth, using cellular, all of that is coming together and it's a buildup of design wins and revenue that will be certainly a multi-year opportunity for Skyworks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I wanted to ask on the filter business in particular, I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that some of the gross margin upside is being driven by enhancements to the cost profile and the yield profile of that business. So maybe just a little bit more on what you're doing and whether that can continue to be a tailwind as we go through the next several quarters. And the second part of this is just on the performance side. Any details on what you're doing with premium filters TC-SAW in particular to improve the performance of those filters? Thank you.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, as you've noted, the filter business for Skyworks has been incredible. It's early innings for us, but we will ship by the end of this calendar year over a billion filters, all of which will be integrated into our systems solutions. So, the appetite for the technology has been unprecedented. We continue to improve the technology. We continue to move up in frequency and tighter in our performance specifications. We expect this to be a long term cycle for us. We expect to be adding opportunities, adding customers and continuing to leverage our manufacturing prowess and our technology strength in that area.
Liam K. Griffin - President: And as far as contribution to the profitability, clearly when the acquisition was initiated, you're not stacking margin any longer. We're manufacturing. But we've done a really good job with some CapEx investments, productivity yield improvements, where we've done a really nice job of driving the cost down. We think we can continue to do that and that's all really helped our overall margin profile, so. And if you look at the CapEx we've been spending, because we're making investments based on volume visibility, a good percentage of that has been investments in our filter business, so they're paying off. And you're seeing that's part of the reasons the margins are improving. That's certainly part of it.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Go ahead, please.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Thanks guys. Congratulations on a solid quarter and guide here.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Thanks, Vijay.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Thanks. Just briefly here. As we try to gage what the RF content growth is, how would you look at carrier aggregation and there's one and two band, and three band carrier aggregation. What's the penetration today and how do you see that progress over the next couple of -- next year let's say?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, now that's a great question. So, we have a lot of great design techniques and approaches to deliver carrier aggregation, whether it's inter-band or non-continuous (sic) [non-contiguous] bands. There's a lot of complexity, there's a lot of switching opportunities, leveraging SOI, there's a lot of L and A opportunities for us, and it speaks also to these diversity receive modules that we've mentioned in the past. The good news for us is the complexity is extremely high, the number of players that can compete and actually develop and deliver the types of solutions that are required very, very few and we're one of the leaders. And the adoption rate right now is low. So, we see this as a long term cycle for us. It does tremendous work in terms of bringing downlink rates, data rates up significantly and it brings tremendous design opportunity for Skyworks. So, it's a type of product that you're going to see in the market here in 2016 and it will continue to expand and you'll see more and more content with us on board.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes, congratulations on the very consistent execution every quarter, every environment.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Thank you.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yeah, really, more on this trend towards RF customization in China. I think in the past the top two OEMs would get a lot of customization and the rest got something closer to reference designs, so any implications there in terms of servicing those customers and operating expenses and why do you think they prefer custom when off the shelf has worked for the third largest OEM and higher in the past?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Yeah, sure, I understand. Really what's happening is the complexity is going up. We've been talking about that theme for a while, and you have a lot of very compelling brands in China that really don't have the RF infrastructure. They don't have the technology infrastructure, the engineering head count to deliver and develop the very complex 4G solutions. So as we've mentioned before, our engagement has begun in many of these accounts in 2G and 3G. And as they have evolved, and our partnerships with chipset providers has become more sticky, we've been invited in earlier in the cycle to develop customized solutions that meet the specific needs of a Huawei, of a Xiaomi, OPPO, or vivo. So it's a great opportunity for us, but we also help these OEMs get to market quickly.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would also add that we have a strategy, call it rapid customization if you want. We have SkyLiTE, SkyMini (45:04). We have platforms that allow us to very quickly facilitate the customer's ability to drop bands if they want to, to go more regional, to take filter content out, switching content out, and do it within a fixed, if you will, a fixed footprint, even a fixed pin-out, fixed volume. So is it custom? Yes it is in that we can reconfigure it in our factory. No one else can do it. No one else can replicate it. But it's giving some degree of customization and cost optimization for even those second and third tier indigenous OEMs within China that previously they had to just take one size fits all.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Quinn Bolton with Needham. Go ahead please.
Krysten Sciacca - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Krysten Sciacca in for Quinn Bolton. Congrats on the quarter you guys.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Krysten Sciacca - Needham & Co. LLC: Can you talk about any possible capacity additions in the filtering business, and when you expect these adds to come online?
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We don't have capacity constraints today, although as Don mentioned, a great deal of our capital investment this quarter and in prior quarters has gone into that footprint. The yields are coming up. One thing we didn't talk about earlier is that we are finding increasing bands that we can address with our newest technology that's quite proprietary and unique that's allowing us to go up to 2 gigahertz. We're confidently producing bands 2, bands 3. We're adding more frequency bands with a roadmap to go above 2 gigahertz, so we're seeing a combination of pure volume and more and more bands that are appropriately using at least our version of high performance Temp-Comp SAW in lieu of a bulk device, a bulk acoustic device.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. We'll go next to Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Go ahead please.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes. Good afternoon. So on that same line, when you look at your portfolio of high performance filters today, what percent of the bands in a high-end 4G phone do you think you cover at this point?
Liam K. Griffin - President: Yeah, I mean, it all depends on the specific architecture. There's some regional SKUs and different approaches. But the majority of the bands that we address make up the majority of the phone in many cases. So we probably have 60% to 70% of the coverage with our technology.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Then next we have Suji De Silva with Topeka. Go ahead please.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets: Hi Dave, hi Don, Liam. Congrats on the quarter again.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Liam K. Griffin - President: Thank you.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets: Just staying on the filter theme here. As you improve the TC-SAW products and get the technology higher, can you remind us what the inherent advantages of TC-SAW are versus BAW. I'd imagine cost is one, but If you could walk us through that.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's always cost in the sense that it's just fewer process steps and so on, and the throughput is higher on any given level of capital investment. The advantage is that you can put very tight spacing, particularly at the sweet spot of the frequency band that goes up to about 2 gigahertz. Size is an advantage when you get in the lower frequencies, less of an advantage when you get in the high frequencies.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you very much for joining us everyone. And we look forward to seeing you in the near future.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti -  David J. Aldrich - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Liam K. Griffin - President
Analysts: Thomas Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Cody Grant Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Sujeeva Desilva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets Equity Research Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Ian Lee Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Vice President of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks Second Fiscal Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Eldritch, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm very pleased to announce Skyworks strong financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2015, with revenue and EPS exceeding our guidance, and significantly, outpacing normal seasonal patterns. Our outperformance underscores the success of our diversification strategy, as broad-based contributions across our customer base, end markets and product lines drives growth well in excess of the market. Our business continues to perform at a very high level, as we capitalize on powerful drivers, fueled by the global proliferation of connectivity. At the same time, by leveraging our architectural and integration leadership, we are enhancing our competitive differentiation, expanding profitability, while creating greater value for our customers. This combination of strong industry tailwinds and an enriched value proposition enables us to consistently provide above-market growth and to deliver best-in-class financial returns with robust cash flow. Specifically, during the quarter, we produced revenue of $762 million, representing a 58% year-over-year top line growth. We maintained gross margins of 46.7%, offsetting quarterly seasonal patterns, and up 200 basis points year-over-year. We also generated operating income of $259 million, that's up 99% year-over-year. We posted a $1.15 earnings per share. And we guided revenue in June to be up to $800 million, that's 36% up year-over-year, along with a 130 basis point sequential improvement in gross margins and $1.28 in EPS. We are reaping the benefits of our dual H strategy of providing leadership and custom integrated solutions, while continuing to diversify into high-margin verticals. And as a measure of our progress, in 2011, around 60% of our revenue came from single-function devices for mobile applications. Today, more than 2/3 of our revenue is comprised of integrated mobile systems and broad markets, which are our fastest growth areas, driving improved financial returns, and putting us on a clear path towards 50% gross margins and above. And as the leader in complex RF and analog integration, we're the primary beneficiary of the ongoing industry shift towards systems solutions. And as the communications architectures continue to advance in complexity, we're becoming an integral part of our customers' development roadmaps, providing more value in the overall supply chain. This is creating a fundamental shift in our business model; simply put, more complex systems drive increased profitability. Now our Q2 design wins highlight some examples of the success we've had in capturing new high-value system-level opportunities. In our broad markets business, we've recently won a complete Wi-Fi system module, integrating a third-party SOC and supporting Skyworks analog content for video monitoring solutions for Google. We've won a suite of Skyworks products in Machine-to-Machine modules for industrial applications from CR wireless, and over $20 of content powering a new small cell base station platform. We also have multiple design wins for OnStar telematics platforms in GM's global fleet. In Mobile, we're now enabling Samsung's Galaxy S6 platform with SkyOne Ultra as well as our switching and Wi-Fi connectivity products. We've ramped our SkyOne mini-platform with a numerous Chinese smartphone OEMs, expanding our SkyOne family. And we launched switching and connectivity modules in Google's Nexus 6 smartphone platform. These design wins highlight our competitive edge in complex integration, and we'll positively contribute to our growth trajectory for the next few years. Now, I'll turn it over to Don for a more in-depth review of our financial results.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave. And thanks for joining us, everyone. We appreciate that. Revenue for the second quarter was $762.1 million, ahead of our prior guidance of $750 million, and up more than 58% versus the year-ago quarter. Gross profit was $356 million or 46.7% of revenue, ahead of our guidance, and up 200 basis points from the second quarter of fiscal 2014. We maintained gross margins on a sequential basis in spite of the seasonal revenue impact, highlighting the strength of our underlying business fundamentals. Operating expenses were $97 million consisting of R&D expense of $63 million and SG&A expense of $34 million. We generated $258.9 million of operating income, roughly twice that of the year-ago quarter, yielding a 34% operating margin. Our cash tax rate for the quarter was 13.5%, resulting in net income of $224.6 million or $1.15 of diluted earnings per share as compared with diluted EPS of $0.62 in the year-ago quarter. Turning to our second quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $155 million in cash flow from operations, putting our first half total at $538 million. We also invested $84 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $39 million. We distributed $73 million to shareholders through our dividend and stock repurchase activity, and exited the quarter with just over $1 billion in cash on hand and no debt. Moving to our product mix for the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Power amplifiers represented 31% of revenue. Integrated mobile systems was 47%. And broad markets was 22%. Once again, integrated mobile systems was our fastest-growing category, up 139% year-over-year, highlighting the ongoing shift towards higher-margin systems solutions, which is taking place across our customer base. Our broad market product lines which serve the Connected Home, networking, media, automotive, and medical markets have grown at 27% year-to-date, and that's well ahead of the [indiscernible] analog market, helping to mitigate some of the seasonal trends in the mobile business. Turning to our third quarter business outlook. We expect revenue to be $800 million, and that's up 36% year-over-year. At this revenue level, we anticipate gross margin to be 48%, representing a 130 basis point sequential increase, and that's driven by a combination of growing adoption of our custom integrated solutions and precision analog products, increasing global scale, and enhanced vertical integration and our ongoing operational initiatives. These factors have created new baseline for our business model, and we now recommend more than 55% incremental gross margin from the new Q3 level, providing a path to continued margin improvement ahead. And all of this puts us on a firm path towards our target of at least 50% gross margin for the company. We expect operating expenses to be approximately $99.5 million; for other line, we anticipate around $100,000 in income from interest income and other expenses; and a cash tax rate around 12%. We project our tax rate to stay at this level for the remainder of 2015 fiscal year. Looking forward, we continue to see a tax -- cash tax rate in a 14% to 15% range for fiscal 2016. We expect our share count to be around 195.9 million shares, and that results in a third quarter EPS of $1.28. The stage has been set for a strong 2015, giving us a high level of confidence in our near-term trajectory and accelerating our progress towards $7 in annualized EPS. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Don. For the remainder of the call, I would like to provide some added perspective on the underlying trends that we see fueling our growth in the coming years. At the highest level, the world is rapidly becoming more interconnected, fueling an explosion of network devices along with massive growth in wireless data traffic. According to recent report, mobile data usage grew by 69% last year, driven by proliferation of smartphones and other interconnected devices within the Internet of Things, along with the adoption of high data rate services like 4G, LTE and 802.11ac. Now for service providers, this growing ecosystem of connected devices provides a vital gateway for new revenue streams, linking millions of subscribers with lucrative services like on-demand music and video content, over-the-top programming, security and cloud-based enterprise services. At the same time, consumers are recognizing that the quality of the connectivity pipe is a key factor in their overall user experience and are upgrading to more powerful devices, bigger data plans and faster connections. The end result is a raise by OEMs across our served markets to provide leading-edge performance, creating a market opportunity that is growing at a mid-teens pace for the foreseeable future. And an addressable market for Skyworks, it's growing even faster. I'd like to highlight 3 key trends that fuel this: First, there's an explosion in RF and analog complexity, and it's driving robust growth in our served markets and a consolidation of market share. Skyworks' mission is to simplify this increasingly more challenging technical environment for our customers. Across the board, we see more content opportunities in each successive generation of device and integrated solutions displacing conventional discrete components. As this happens, a host of component providers, who lack our technology brand, our integration capabilities and system expertise, are simply unable to keep pace. Second, we are rapidly expanding our footprint within existing customers and existing markets, increasing our serviceable opportunity. Our systems solutions enable us to sweep in an unprecedented amount of new Skyworks content, like filtering, like tuning and power management. And a prime example is our high-performance filter portfolio, where our unique technology edge is enabling higher levels of system performance through tighter band spacing, less interference and a more efficient signal path. On top of this, we're launching entirely new product categories like we serve -- like we see diversity modules, which support enhance download speeds and represent a substantial expansion of our addressable opportunities. Third and finally, we're leveraging our decades of experience in mobile. We are enabling a growing array of devices in adjacent markets to become seamlessly interconnected, like wearable technologies, home automation and the connected car, utilizing enabling technologies like 4G, like GPS, local area networking standards and low-energy near-field protocols like ZigBee and Bluetooth. So in closing, we remain quite optimistic about our prospects for the remainder of 2015 and beyond. And we created a unique business model, tether to the global wave of connectivity and combining consistent above-market top line growth, with the financial returns of a best-in-class, diversified analog company. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mike Walkley from Canaccord.
Thomas Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Just want to talk about the smartphone market. There's been some concern of inventory in China. I was wondering if you could comment on your China business, if you saw any impact from inventories related to March results or June guidance. And also, there's been some concern of some Android OEMs, pausing the higher-end smartphones to avoid competition with the strong Apple and Samsung's new launch? I'm just wondering if you had seen any push outs from your Android customers? And how that might affect your September quarter's seasonal outlook?
David J. Aldrich: Sure, Michael. With respect to China, as you know, I mean, that is a very large multi-year growth opportunity for Skyworks. We're actually quite encouraged by the print with China mobile with 50 million LTE ads in the March quarter, that's real bullish for us. And we see that's trending to the mid-250 level or higher, going into the balance of the year. Now on the near-term, there was some choppiness in the March quarter as noted, some of the 2G and 3G players lost some share, has some declines, 4G continued to ramp. And we also saw some real strong performance with global Tier 1's participating in the China region. So net-net, it's a great cycle for us. It's an opportunity. We love the 4G upgrade. And we are well-positioned.
Thomas Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Right. And just a follow-up in the -- with the ramp in LTE, any comments on September quarter seasonality as it relates to China and maybe your overall market trends?
Donald W. Palette: Well, like I said Dave, it's a little too early to be specific about September. As you know, the second half is the strongest part of the year in much of our business, and it's usually up sequentially high single-digit. I think that the traction we have in China and the position we have with our SOC partners or our baseband partners will allow us to continue to ride that 4G wave, and we expect to have a very strong second half in China. But as Liam mentioned, there's also a competition from foreign brands, an fortunately, we are well-positioned there as well. So I think we'll have a less volatility given OEM share shifts. But I do expect in the second half, the LTE upgrade cycle to continue to march towards, I don't know, call it, conservatively 250 -- 225 to 250 number for 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Schafer from Oppenheimer.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just maybe first question is -- maybe just a quick update on the competitive landscape that you see, any changes there? And maybe specifically, what are you making some of the speculation out there that Murata had secured some content -- some bad content with your largest customer in the coming refresh later this year?
David J. Aldrich: We haven't seen much of change in the competitive landscape. But specifically, with respect to Murata, they are not a new competitor. They've been around for a long time. And their strength has traditionally been in passive, in SAW filters and in some modules, particularly on the receive side. We do come across them in a limited number of fairly niche segments. And we've been quite successful competing head-to-head. We haven't seen any change in the competitive landscape. And our confidence that we continue to leverage more content and benefit from increasing complexity with more TAM is very solid for us.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: May be a follow-up to that, Dave. You guys obviously had nice content with the latest Samsung, the G S6 refresh. What are your expectation or can you give us any color on what your expectations are later this year with your largest customer on their refresh?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Obviously, we can't comment on that specific customer. But in general, the architectures are getting much more complex. And we're very fortunate to have visibility out, 2; in some cases 3 years in terms of the overall architectures that are being deployed to deal with all this complexity. We see nothing slowing that down, so it's obviously a tailwind for us. We're seeing more addressable content in those kinds of functions you typically think about for us, power amplifiers, duplexers, Wi-Fi, switching and control. But we're seeing awful lot now in what we're able to produce in terms of complex, antenna tuning, devices on the receive path, lighting, power management. And I will say that, as an incumbent, we've been very successful and quite proud of it in maintaining and growing our footprint with each successive design with all our major customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, my question is, is there a way to contrast either the amount of content or the number of sockets that were addressable by you guys last year versus this year? I'm trying to get a sense for what is the diversity of the kind of content that you are going after versus, say, the last one or 2 years?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, it has been a steady March, Vivek, I mean, it's hard to talk about in one year cycles. But if you went back 3 years, we were very strong in multimode and discrete power amplifiers. We had a lot -- strong switch portfolio. And we were entering connectivity in our Wi-Fi portfolio. And we did an acquisition, in fact. There, we also bought a power management company. And over the last couple of years, we've seen a huge increase in Wi-Fi connectivity, starting with our lead customers in flagship phones and now populating across the entire smartphone landscapes. That's been a huge upside for us. I think we've got about 51% or more of that market. We just have the best overall solution. We can shield it. We can integrate it. We can lessen some of the interference impact of having more and more Wi-Fi, sitting side-by-side and next to more and more cellular bands. We've seen -- our power devices both at the display, at the camera flash, particularly dual-mode, that's been adding content for us. So an AC upgrade cycle is very important to us, power amplifier duplexers. And we've seen -- we introduced SkyOne as an opportunity to fully leverage the breadth of products and the system capability of the company. And while that's become a diversified set of products within that family, it's really taking off in terms of being able to enable more filters, less filters, more switching. I would say, it's all of the same. As we commented on earlier, I think 15% is a good marker for existing TAM growth. I think we can do much better than that, because we're not only riding that wave of existing TAM growth, but more functionality.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then, Dave, how do look at the right mix of handsets versus the non-handset opportunity for Skyworks? Obviously, you are growing very well in both. But is there a target mix as you look out the next few years? And do you think M&A, sort of, fits somewhere in getting towards that target mix?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think the -- I would look at it this way. It's not a mix of mobile, nonmobile. It's really a mix of integrated devices and nonintegrated devices. So we see, kind of, if you look at broad-markets business, plus our integrated mobile business, that's where we are very sticky, where our customers see a great deal of value, where there's more and more content for us and far fewer competitors versus for example, a discrete PA. So we look at that business, we like that mix of business growing to the vast majority of our company. And that's what's happening today, our PA business continues to get smaller, smaller and smaller. Our discrete business get smaller and smaller. And we're overwhelmingly becoming a systems solution provider. And M&A continues to be and has been a central element of that. If you think about it, last few years, we bought a Wi-Fi business, connectivity business, we bought a power and lighting business, we also bought a high performance filter business. And those have all been part of a vertical market strategy, where we can add more value. But an effort -- a concerted effort to be more sticky and to compete on the basis of system performance, where we have few, if any competitors, unless how good is our component.
Donald W. Palette: And just one point I'd like to add. The exciting point of what Dave said to is, if you look at the way we've now split the revenues, that broad market pace is up 27% for the first half of this year versus last year. And there aren't any diversified analog companies growing like that. So I mean it's really, really got a lot of momentum behind it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cody Acree from Ascendiant.
Cody Grant Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Maybe follow-up on that question, just for the next quarter when you look at handsets versus the broad-based, when you look at your growth expectations, can you just, kind of, maybe talk about the contribution of each?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, sure. Well, we certainly expect growth in both segments, and we will deliver growth in both segments. You have a great opportunity in smartphones in our core markets and mobile, as we've outlined with our global Tier 1's and also the China cycle. And as Dave mentioned, it really is about a growing TAM and our ability to capture more and more of this with sticky system solutions. On the broad market side, we are seeing a vast majority of the opportunities in new markets, automotive, wearable technology, and then, our core business in broad includes infrastructure and access points. All those segments are moving up and will continue to be upside into the second half.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, in the last quarter, we were up nearly 30% in the broad markets' business. And of course, if you track the diversified airline companies, their growth is nowhere as near to that. So you can see that we're really focused on the right device categories, leveraging what we're good at it, mobile with some of these markets becoming interconnected in a wireless way or in a mobile way for the first time.
Liam K. Griffin: And just specifically to those segments that we split out, you've got broad markets and integrated mobile systems growing. And our standalone paid business is down -- flat to down slightly. So again, the growth is coming from those 2 areas when you look at the guidance.
Cody Grant Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: All right. And Don, obviously, the gross margin expectations are getting very attractive. Can you talk about operating margin leverage? Are you seeing, maybe a similar, I guess, delta from where you are today to what your expectations might eventually be?
Donald W. Palette: Well, there's a tremendous amount of leverage still in the model, and the best way to handle that is that we've now given you new guidance on a baseline of what we've just guided 48% margin, and you're going to drop that through on whatever, how you handicap the top line growth at 55%, the incremental margin. And so that's going to trend very quickly to 50% and beyond. We're going to continue to see leverage on our OpEx base, I think we got a proven track record of being able to do that. So when you add those 2 things together, you're going to see some very attractive returns as you go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suji Desilva from Topeka.
Sujeeva Desilva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Can you tell us where we are in the [indiscernible] option of diversely received modules versus just a switch for diversity received? How far long are we in that cycle? And then what's the content [indiscernible] as that takes off?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Suji. We're actually in the very early innings. So on deployment of that technology, we have a great opportunity to advance data rates with this technology. Our customers love it. It's a significant content boost to our mobile portfolio. But in terms of what we're doing right now, we have couple of meaningful design wins, but there's a whole slate of opportunities that we're pursuing right now. We're in sampling stage and development stage, high degree of customization, also bringing in technologies like filters and SOI switch and really interesting things being brought together. And so you should look forward to more commentary on this as we go through the year.
Sujeeva Desilva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the switch business, can you upgrade us on whether the supplies caught up the demand, yet? And how the demand has been in that business?
Liam K. Griffin: In the switch business?
Sujeeva Desilva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, yes. No, I think we are certainly seeing a lot of appetite for switching. As you see, more and more of these bands and in traditional phones, where you don't have the diversity architecture, you're dealing with SOI or PM switching. It's been a robust run in that technology. Supply and demand are about in balance right now, and we still continue to do quite a bit of business in that segment.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Several questions, if I could. On the filter business, now that it's mostly internal here, is this -- would you say this is what your larger drivers for the margin, given you don't have to buy them in the open market anymore or is it mostly just integrated modules? And then to your DRx, receive diversity modules, are those active parts or those are mostly passive, and if they are passive, wouldn't you be competing with someone like Murata for those? And I have a follow-up for this.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, just on the margin piece of that. We've got a lot of things that are driving that continued strong top line growth, because volume matters, clearly, in our business, this favorable mix towards integrated mobile systems growth, which have very nice attractive incremental margins, operational execution and the filters are part of it. So there's multiple facets of the margin expansion, but filters are part of it.
Liam K. Griffin: And with respect to the receives or the DRx. The interesting part there is, obviously, you have complex, low-loss switching, a lot of filtering. And the filtering's becoming very tricky, and the need for very tight spacing and high-performance. The other thing is, there are architectures that I think will begin to look for in that receive path, the amplification of very low noise amplifier that could be segmented around frequency band. So I think the content there is, if I have to ask you a question, I think it's very understated in most peoples model, I think it's going to be a big growth driver. And the competitive nature is going to be very tough, because it's going to be a combination of active compound semiconductors, passive devices. And it's going to be an MCM, I don't think it's going to be a slug of ceramic, I think it's going to be a complex, multi-layered MCM that pulls all that together. And as you know, we're quite strong there.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And then, if I could, in terms of filter capacity, I know it's been tough, and you've got the Panasonic asset now, which is a stellar asset, especially TC. Dave, how do you -- you set a billion filters last last quarter, how is that, is your capacity keeping up or you're going to have to spend more to stay upon that given what you just said DRx is and a bunch of the other products now are going to be pulling through those filters and you are one of only 2 who can even make those products? So how should capacity look in that regard? And doesn't what you just said in terms of [indiscernible] eliminate many of your competitors, only maybe 2, maybe 3 people can do that part?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, that's right, Ed. And the capacity has been a little tight, because we've just ramped it so fast. [indiscernible] having, but we've really been able to hire some terrific folks. We've put a lot of capital in place. The yields have come way up from when it was an asset owned by Panasonic. And so I'm actually thrilled with the performance of that team. But if you look at our capital expenditures and Don's comment on what to expect going forward, that's really in 2 areas: It's in filters; and it's in modules. So you should expect us to continue to ramp that up, I think it will be more than a $1 billion this year in high-performance SAW filters. And I think next year, it's going to be where we hold on your hat, I think the filter demand is going to be really high. And temp comp is really starting to tackle some pretty thorny system systems. We think we can deploy it in lieu of certainly a SAW filter; and in some cases, a bulk device.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Stoss from Craig-Hallum.
Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Two part. I would love to hear your views on carrier aggregation and how you see that continue to play out going forward? I don't know if I missed this, Don, your CapEx spend last quarter and what to expect for the remainder of the year?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Tony. I mean, certainly carrier aggregation is becoming more and more critical now as you go into these highly complex 4G phones, data rates are really in high demand, and the complexity in a system goes up. So we have tremendous solutions, some of our SkyOne Ultra technology is actually building a carrier aggregation capability inside of this complex PAD module, that's one of the kind of nuances of our architecture, how we take this complexity and not only manage the amplification, but also, the switching and the treading together these bands that you see in carrier aggregation. And that's another market where we've got some design wins, with a leading industry players, but we're starting to see more and more folks in China and other markets pick up the technology.
Donald W. Palette: On the CapEx, we've spent $87 million in Q1, $84 million in the past quarter, so what we're seeing in the second half and that split we are making those investments both for filter and module capacity, that's typically where you are seeing the spending. And based on our outlook, we believe that we could see second half levels probably somewhere what we've seen in the first half. The thing with the CapEx investments for us, it's clearly one that enables you, we've just said -- we've just made a step function change in the margin, both new starting point and the incremental. And part of the benefit you're seeing is from these CapEx investments that we are making. So it's a very positive leading indicator for us and we're spending that money, we've got very good visibility in the volume and it's going to generate shareholder returns and benefits. So it's a positive thing for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Long from BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets Equity Research: Two questions, if I could. First, you mentioned the SkyOne and SkyOne Ultra traction, I'm just curious if you could give us a sense, do you think these wins are coming for new sockets for you or do you think it's just kind of upgrades from people that were using some of your more discrete products? So is it resulting in a market share by new wins? And then, secondly, if you could just talk a little bit about the Wi-Fi market, a lot of interactions there as well. Do you think that wave 2 could potentially be kind of step function increase there with all the different radios? I'm just curious on your take on that and timing.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. No problem. With respect to SkyOne, it's been a combination of upgrading existing customers and in many cases forging our initial engagement with SkyOne and new accounts. We're seeing the platform count go up. We've got about 8 products in production right now, and by the time, we exit the calendar year, we'll probably have 10 more platforms in production. And again, the ability to customize and put the specific bands, leveraging our filters in many cases, has been one of the differentiators. So that portfolio is doing quite well. And this is really a turning point in our SkyOne architecture and our SkyOne traction. With respect to Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi continues to be a leadership portfolio for us at Skyworks, it hits the IoT space, it's been hitting mobile, we're seeing opportunities in media over the top boxes, we're guessing opportunities in automotive that we've mentioned. And we see 11ac strength that we bring to market as one of our differentiators, and it will be a portfolio that grows well in the second half through 2016 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Burton with Brean Capital.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit about pricing, it looks like the low and mid-tier smartphone segments have been hurting us at the expense of the high end, where you guys have been clearly gaining content. Just wondering if you are seeing any change in any of the pricing dynamics?
David J. Aldrich: Nothing, in particular, as we have -- as we've migrated our portfolio into the devices, we've been describing in this entire call, whether it's SkyOne, Ultra SkyOne any for the open market in China, and so on, so forth. They're really not products that are subject to the same kind of pricing dynamics. So we see kind of gentle low- to mid-single digit pricing on a year-over-year basis for most of our devices. And I don't see anything changing there at all.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: And then, also, on follow-up on previous comments on China. Obviously, Liam mentioned that there's been some pockets there. I'm just curious as to how Q1 performed for you guys versus your expectation for Q2, and if you're seeing growth in Q2, is it really -- are you starting to see more of a mix up from 3 mode to 5 mode devices in that segment?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, sure. In fiscal Q2 at the March quarter, we were flattish, may be down 1 point or 2, but in the current quarter, in the June quarter, we are seeing growth, and it's coming across a number of platforms. We do a really good job of working with all the chipset providers, Mediatek's, [indiscernible] Qualcomm, we're seeing some success with names like Xiaomi and Lenovo and even Huawei and ZTE. So while we feel really good about the second half in China, a little bit of a bumpy start, we were able to navigate through that with our heavy allocation towards 4G, but we start to see the momentum come back into that market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: It seems like one of the big drivers here is the shift to LTE. And -- so something you could talk a little bit about how you see LTE rolling out regionally over the next couple of years, I'll see China hopeful this year. How does that expand -- extend over the next couple of years?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, yes. We speak a lot about China with some of the developed nations, United States and Europe, et cetera. LTE has been rolling for a while, and china is a great opportunity because you have nearly 1 billion subscribers, and less than 20% are carrying an LTE product. So there's a huge upgrade cycle, and that upgrade cycle will then create additional turnover in years to come, so that's why we make such an important distinction around the China market. And if you think about, you've got a band count increase for sure, you have a filter count increase that we can leverage in the modules. You also have more switching arms, you have the carrier application technology we talked about, the ability to deliver high-performance receive technology with DRX, power management, and when you build this kind of an engine, invariably there's a Wi-Fi attached. And so we're trading that opportunity against what we were 2, 3 years ago, 2G and 3G phones in China that may have had 150 to 250 of content. So that's really where you see that opportunity.
David J. Aldrich: I think you should think about is being, something that will sweep into all territories over time, throughout the world, and it's really the same dynamic that will drive an N from an ac implementation, 802.11, I think there's 5G behind it by the way. We're doing architectures today that are sweeping millimeter wave functionality, as the world kind of looks for allocation of more frequency, the problem is bandwidth at high speed. And bandwidth at high speed is only going to be solved as consumers demand it more and more and more, and carriers find it as a way to follow the money, that you're going to see it sweep across the entire world. And there will be a generation of technology right behind it because it's all about bandwidth.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then, the numbers were good I am just trying to think another way, but I was just curious, is there any FX impacts that you guys had as well with numbers have been. Maybe you know a little bit better, without any FX headwinds?
Donald W. Palette: No. I mean, all of our top lines in dollars, so the only impact we have is dollar-peso for Mexicali expenses and a little bit now at the end with filter acquisition as they are actually -- because they are liability positions with a strong dollar that was actually favorable, so it’s not material, but we haven't had any analysis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Stephens.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Dave, I was wondering, if I can get some put and takes around your U.S.-based customer, you're large Korean customer in China, as you look into the June guidance?
David J. Aldrich: As you know, June is typically kind of the transitional quarter. We're going to be up because as we've mentioned we see some growth in China, we see some portion of reasonable growth going into June, in China. We see quite a bit in abroad markets continuing to chuckle along, so a sequential growth and year-over-year growth. I believe that we're in the enviable position of not needing to worry too much about OEM share shifts, because if you look at the content and teardown reports, whether they're MediaTek enabled, indigenous OEM [indiscernible] or if it's Samsung or others. We just continue to look to drive that content higher. We're very well positioned and I just don't worry too much, in terms of Skyworks overall financial performance about the overall OEM share shifts, but we are well positioned among the flagship models that I think you're referring to.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That was helpful. And as a follow up, if I can ask you, you're clearly diversifying into non-handset markets. What is the most exciting non-handset market, by end market that you see for yourself and Skyworks?
David J. Aldrich: It's been really around the home, so if you think about it, if you look at the devices, thermostats, it really kind of started with smart meters, and it moved into all kinds of categories from gaming, now lighting the 802.11ac space with these really complex home routers, it's a huge opportunity for us, these media gateways that are being provided by the various cable and wireless service providers have many dollars of content for us. So that's exciting. I like variables a lot, because the consumer content there is high, and we've got a good entree with our low-power Wi-Fi and switching products. And automotive has been a bit of a sleeper. We've had high dollar content with high margin, but only recently if we start to see with the advent of smart automobile, that kind of connected hub environment that exists in the car. We're seeing a lot of design activity there, and a lot of very high margin win. So it's not -- it's no longer a trivial amount of our revenues, it's becoming rather meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Don, I want to go back to your guidance on incremental gross margin switches, very robust and at a level that I think a lot of us thought was possible, and you're giving a nice run way there. As you look at the underlying drivers to those incrementals going forward, integrated solutions mix, the scale, and operational advantages that you have, it seems like one is more related to pricing for functional value, and other related to driving your unit costs lower. How should we think about the relative contribution of those different factors over time?
Donald W. Palette: I mean, everything that we've talked about is important, our volume hubs in the strong top line is always going to allow us to improve the incremental returns. The favorable product mix is probably right now with the value-add proposition you described, that's probably slightly ahead of some of the operational execution, they're both critical and important, and when you add filters and they're all driving, but I would say the number one driver is, this going to system solution and the value add for the customer. Because that's in our ability to package solutions, which really drives the cost down for us. So I mean, that -- at the end of the day that's probably the number one, but they are all important. You need the model to move the incremental 55%.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: That's very helpful. And the follow-up is somewhat related to that. It’s more of a philosophical question. I'll direct it to you Dave. The company has done a very good job moving the mix of business towards integrated over time. There's still quite a ways to go. Are there any discontinuities either with capital intensity or with R&D intensity? Is the portfolio shifts that you see on the horizon?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, a philosophical question. Okay. Well, the discontinuities have been kind of -- may be ongoing for the last several years, we are seeing the need to have more direct engagement with our customers, with feel folks and business unit people, who have a much broader set of experiences around how to optimize the overall system performance right from the SOC to the antenna and back. So that's been new for us, so we have been kind of upgrading our capability, hiring a lot of folks. So that's a discontinuity, I think we got it. I think we got it under control, I think capital really isn't the issue because fortunately for us the investments we've made in these complex multi-chip modules, really are allowing us to kind of dove tail into a nice mix of internal production versus external production, keep that flexible model, but we're really able to leverage what our customers want and use in MCM-type approach for a much of it. And I guess, in terms of the skills, so the skill upgrade cycle we've been going through has been ongoing for a while. Probably the biggest discontinuity for us that we needed to solve and we are well on our way to hopefully doing that is we really needed to have more of filter passive offerings within our active portfolio. And that was a change for us, that hasn't been traditionally our skill, we've avoided those discrete markets because they tended to be very gross margin challenge, but now it's part of an overall system solutions, they become an intricate set of capabilities for us. And that was a discontinuity that we're continuing to work through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from MKM Partners.
Ian Lee Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: And -- that question, not the most exciting parts of smartphones, but there's trend towards thinner flagship smartphones, perhaps, do you have any advantages in your shielding and packaging solutions you might be able to exploit. I mean, it seems heat dissipation is a big issue, especially for these big chipsets on the digital side?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, that's right, and it's such a good question actually, because while at the same time you've got heat dissipation, you've got more bands, you've got more things amplifying that want to interfere one another. There's a tremendous amount of pressure on size, both the x and y-axis. So it is a challenge, it's kind of a fun challenge for our engineers, and so you -- but you need to have an arsenal of capabilities that allow you as you say to shield, to mold, and overmold, to thin, and so on. And so -- yes, it is a challenge, it is an opportunity because it's really hard, if not impossible to architect using a set of components, no matter how good those components are. You need to find a way to create a module or set of modules and ICs that interplay well together, they can drop on that PCB and not add a lot of multilayers and we can do it in-house, which is unique.
Ian Lee Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Great. And for my follow-up, I know your integrated mobile business is doing really well here. Can discrete PAs, at one time, you set a target of maybe growing modestly up say 5%, is that still the case, and perhaps, could you remind us where discrete PAs are still doing very well, like in future phones and perhaps, nonmobile applications?
David J. Aldrich: Yes. The discrete PAs will continue to grow through this year, and foreseeable future. It's got -- Sony got the lowest growth rate and -- so the dollars are going to grow year-over-year, it's going to become a smaller and smaller percentage of our total revenue mix. That's clearly going to -- that's been happening every quarter. But they will grow, there's still growth there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I wanted just to come back, you guys now for a couple of quarters have highlighted the opportunities you see in the diversity receipt modules. I just sort have of a question for you, I mean, the receive diversity has been around for a while. I think it's been pretty common on Qualcomm chipsets for a number of years. What's really driving the opportunity? Are you seeing greater attach with received diversity and other chipsets, is it really just a greater percentage of phones now shipping with LTE, where received diversity is more common place?
David J. Aldrich: I think it's even simpler than that in a sense, Quinn. It's really all about the capability of streaming, and being able to do it with multiple high-performance, high-speed bands, high-speed paths to that antenna. So first of all, the filtering, as more bands to filter on the received side and those filters have to have -- be able to accommodate tighter spacing, which we think, really tight skirt, if you will, in using filter lingo. That means you're going to have a very high performance filter even on the receive side, which is a lot higher dollar content. In the past, you could take it off a passive duplex or it was good enough, it's nowhere as near good enough. And the other thing is because of the performance is starting to the de-embed or disintegrate, the low noise amplifier that receive power boost that you need, because it needs to be narrow band -- narrower band around the desired frequency and to introduce less loss that you could do on a typical bulk CMOS. So that adds a lot more device category capability for us. So that's really what it is, it gets itself to [ph] -- think of it as just you've going to stream video in that phone over multiple bands, you can't do it through a sloppy duplex or in lossy switch.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, I mean, I think the application of the real lot benefit here is substantial increase in data, right. Think of it as MIMO architecture for receive, and it has a radical improvement in performance, now it’s not cheap, there's a lot of complexity, there's a lot of value, but we are seeing the high-end customer adapt this quickly and we're also seeing a lot of opportunity in mid-tier. So that's essentially the benefit that we see.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So just a follow-on question. It sounds like it’s really team expansion on a diversity receive, but wondering if you also think there's a share gain opportunity as part of your strong outlook on the diversity received market.
Donald W. Palette: Yes. It is a share gain opportunity. First and foremost because it's not part of the SOC. It's not part of the SOC, so it is in the domain of the analog module combination of the compound semiconductor passive, and integration of multilayered things like PCBs and LTCC. So it is not the domain of the SOC. And there aren't many companies around. You've got companies that do duplex or a company who could do a passive or could do a switch. Aren't very many companies who can have pull together at the right price point, and that's kind of performance sensitivity that we can.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Alex Gauna from JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: You were talking a little bit earlier about the Internet of Things, the Wi-Fi opportunity, I'm curious of interop tradeshow, and seeing exactly what you're talking about, we now have a/a on the table, and multi-user MIMO coming. I'm just curious back in a previous day, you used to break it out by analog, which kind of captured some of the Wi-Fi attach and it seems to be growing as fast as cellular, is that still the case when I think about this Wi-Fi opportunity, the Internet of Things opportunity, is that commensurate with your cellular growth and any chance you give us ballpark about what kind of that percentage contribution it is to the business model?
David J. Aldrich: Well, maybe if we can do this with Liam. We said, in the last quarter, it was up 27% year-over-year. So it's been growing very rapidly, much of that is connectivity, it’s the upgrade cycle to ac, it's new device category to outperform on the factory floor and automobile, it's kind of all of that.
Liam K. Griffin: And it's in the market, so if you think about that from a product perspective, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, switching, creating connectivity, and the applications that it's serving now is proliferation of IoT, whether it's media devices, automotive machine to machine variable, energy management and we're seeing that roster expand each and every quarter. So it's a combination of great technologies and then, also hitting a market that's on a growth curve.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, the follow-up on that. I'm kind of curious, obviously, people have already noted the spectacular gross margin with profitability you're putting out. Is the Internet of Things, the Wi-Fi opportunity, is that commensurate with your gross margin profile or is that a negative way difference what you're achieving globally?
Liam K. Griffin: No. Is accretive to the -- it's in line with the incremental returns at a minimum. It's depend upon a specific application, but it certainly doesn't bring that number down.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for listening and participating and I'll look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti - Senior Director, IR David J. Aldrich - Chairman and CEO Donald W. Palette - EVP and CFO Liam K. Griffin - President
Analysts: Harsh Kumar - Stephens Inc. Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Siddharth Sinha - Canaccord Genuity Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Cody Acree - Ascendiant Capital Craig Ellis - B. Riley Caris Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Steve Smigie - Raymond James Mike Burton - Brean Capital Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Alex Gauna - JMP Securities Ian Ing - MKM Partners Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Stephen Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti: Thank you, Rochelle. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' First Fiscal Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Joining me today are David Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We'll then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected, as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time-to-time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks Steve and welcome everyone. Well we are off to a great start to fiscal 2015 with first quarter revenue, profitability, and earnings all exceeding our guidance driven by strong demand across our served markets and increasing adoption of our integrated systems solutions. We increased revenue by 59% year-over-year. We grew EPS by nearly 90% and we posted record cash flow as we continued to efficiently convert our strong earnings growth into cash returns.  These financial results reflect our success in capitalizing on a number of powerful industry dynamics while expanding our addressable opportunities and enhancing our value add in the marketplace. In particular we are benefitting from the proliferation of many forms of wireless data as more and more applications leverage the power of connectivity. Along with this we are seeing a dramatic increase in analog complexity driven by higher performance requirements and these market dynamics have created greater content opportunities, closer engagements with our customers, and higher value solutions across the board with a narrowing field of capable competitors.  Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize in this environment by providing integrated RF and analog solutions which enable our customers to navigate increasingly more complex design challenges resulting in above market growth and superior financial returns for our shareholders. This is playing out across our served markets today as evidenced by our first quarter results.  Specifically during the quarter we delivered revenue of $806 million that's ahead of our guidance and up more than 59% year-over-year. We produced operating income of $282 million, that's roughly double that over a year ago translating into a 35% operating margin. We posted $1.26 in earnings per share that is up 88% versus a year ago. We generated $383 million in cash flow from operations and we ended the quarter with over a billion dollars of cash on hand with no debt.  Looking ahead we see our momentum continuing and while March is normally a seasonal slower quarter in the mobile industry, our broadening market footprint, our new product ramps, and an expanding solutions portfolio enable us to mitigate these seasonal patterns, a clear testament to our diversification. Our Q1 design wins highlights some of these diverse opportunities. In mobile or more notable -- our more notable wins include diversity received modules in Smartphone platforms at several OEM customers including Samsung. Now this is a new product category for us representing a compelling growth avenue for Skyworks.  We also launched SkyLiTE. These are highly integrated systems supporting MediaTek's latest SoC reference design across multiple Smartphone platforms. Switching and connectivity modules across Xiaomi’s leading Smartphone platforms as well. And in the broad markets we’ve successfully captured a suite of 10 Skyworks products for Cisco’s latest home gateway solution supporting multiple cable operators.  Multiple analog devices in a leading telematics platform for GM vehicles, high reliability analog ICs and avionics systems for Talus, Zigbee connectivity modules for smart light bulbs with Philips LG and others, local area connectivity solutions for Echo and Fire TV streaming media devices at the leading -- and streaming media devices at the leading online retailer. And we captured more than $10 of analog content supporting Technicolor's latest set top box platform for DirecTV.  So in total 2015 is shaping up to be another great year for Skyworks. With the design momentum we have in place today, we’re poised to continue our track record of above market revenue growth, expanding profit margins, and earnings leverage. Before providing a more detailed view of our market position I’ll turn the call over to Don for a more in-depth review of the financials. 
Donald W. Palette: Thanks Dave and thanks for joining us everyone, we appreciate that. Revenue for the first quarter was $805.5 million ahead of our prior guidance of $770 million and up more than 59% versus the year ago quarter. Gross profit was $376.4 million, a 46.7% of revenue ahead of our guidance and up 220 basis points from the first quarter of fiscal 2014.  Operating expenses were $94.4 million consisting of R&D expense of $58.7 million and SG&A expense of $35.7 million. We generated $282 million of operating income, roughly twice that the year ago quarter yielding a 35% operating margin. Our cash tax rate for the quarter was 13.5% resulting in net income of $244.8 million or $1.26 of diluted earnings per share as compared with diluted EPS of $0.67 in the year ago quarter, that's $0.08 ahead of our guidance surpassing $5 in annualized EPS.  Turning to our first quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $383 million in cash flow from operations, invested $87 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $36 million, and we exited the quarter with just over $1 billion in cash on hand and no debt. Moving to our product mix, for the first quarter of fiscal 2015, power amplifiers represented 31% of revenue, integrated mobile systems was 48%, and broad markets was 21%. We saw healthy growth across all product categories with the strongest being integrated mobile systems which benefits from strong December quarter seasonal patterns.  As a reminder this product category includes SkyOne, SkyLiTE, and our power amplifier duplexers as well as analog products like power management, WiFi, and GPS. It’s also worth noting that our broad markets product lines will serve the connected home, networking, media, automotive, and medical markets grew to 26% year-over-year significantly outpacing the broader semiconductor industry.  Now for our second quarter business outlook, we expect second quarter revenue to be $750 million representing 56% year-over-year top line growth and significantly better than normal seasonality. At this revenue level we suggest modeling gross margin in the range of 46% to 46.5% with operating expenses of approximately $95.5 million. Online we anticipate 100,000 in expenses of interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate around 13.5%. We project our tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of our 2015 fiscal year. We expect the share count to be around 194.5 million shares resulting in second quarter EPS of $1.12.  Many of the drivers that support a strong 2015 are already in place, giving us a high level of confidence in our road trajectory. We continue to see opportunities for sustainable margin expansion as we leverage our ongoing capital investments and benefits from growing demand for our custom integrated solutions and precision analog products. We recommend modeling 52% incremental gross margin providing a path to continued margin improvement.  Longer term we are targeting a growth of 50% gross margin for the company and we have a number of initiatives in place to accelerate our progress towards achieving this goal. All of this gives us a high confidence level on our abilities to extend our track record of investment class financial results putting us on a path towards our goal of $7 in annualized EPS over the long term. With that I will turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on our market trends and growth strategy. 
David J. Aldrich: Thank you Don. Well it is clear that our business is performing at a high level as we execute on our strategy and maintain a clear focus on operational excellence. For the remainder of the call I would like to provide some additional perspective on the positive trends in our end markets and how we are positioned and how we position the company to capitalize. By all measures wireless connectivity is exploding as an enabling technology. In fact this year's CES was a showcase of groundbreaking new devices leveraging the power of wireless connectivity to enhance our daily lives.  Much of the excitement in CES was around innovations in the connected car, the automated home, wearable technologies and previously unimagined new categories like drones all utilizing enabling technologies like 4G, like TPS, local area networking, and near field protocols like ZigBee and Bluetooth. Our overarching mission is to make it effortless for customers to embrace these forms of connectivity leveraging our decades of experience in mobile to enable more and more devices in adjacent markets to become seamlessly connected.  Powering these will be a combination of sensors, micro controllers, and most importantly for Skyworks connectivity and power management solutions with a high proportion of analog content and comparatively low digital processing needs. These products require high levels of integration and will need customized solutions produced in massive scale and attractive cost points. All of these attributes play directly into Skyworks core strengths. In this way Skyworks is a conduit into the Internet of Things. This is an exciting opportunity but just one of many tailwinds we are capitalizing on today. More broadly as we enter the calendar 2015 we see four major trends driving our growth.  First, leverage of our leadership and high performance integrated systems. In high-end connected devices performance is paramount for our customers to enable seamless any time access to on demand content, social media, streaming services, and cloud data. At the same time technical challenges like band proliferation, like the adoption of advanced uplink architectures, and the implementation of 802.11AC and precision location services are resulting in an explosion in analog complexity. And the net result for Skyworks is an expanding addressable market significantly outpacing unit growth.  Second, enabling connectivity in emerging markets. We see tremendous opportunities for 4G devices in markets like China, India, Latin America, Eastern Europe where broadband penetration rates are low and population densities are high. Strategy analytics estimates that Smartphone shipments into India alone will grow at 40% compounded rate through the year 2020. This new generation of devices is replacing a global installed base of billions of 2G voice only phones where we have minimal addressable content. Over the next few years we see significantly increased content opportunities in these markets driven by more stringent performance requirements and much higher complexity.  Third, cultivating the Internet of Things. Market analysts estimate that the number of connected devices is poised to explode over the next five years. Analysts project that the machine-to-machine connections alone will increase fourfold through 2020 accounting for nearly 800 million connections, adding to our other opportunities in the connected home in wearable and other markets. These applications all rely heavily on efficient connectivity solutions providing incremental new growth opportunities to Skyworks and enhancing our diversification while dramatically expanding our served addressable markets.  And finally aggressively expanding into new vertical markets. We are investing heavily to increase our market footprint in traditional analog segments like automotive, like medical, and industrial. These are highly attractive markets for us characterized by longer product life cycles, fewer competitors, and higher margins. These new growth verticals outside of mobile remain a strategic priority for us and we are investing significant resources in building out our presence in these markets. These elements of our strategy have enabled us to consistently expand our served markets and to significantly outpace the growth of the semiconductor industry while offsetting the seasonal trends to mobile markets.  So in closing we are quite optimistic about our prospects for the remainder of 2015 and beyond. We’ve created a unique business model combining strong consistent top line growth with the financial returns by best in class diversified analog company. And we’ve established a solid track record of delivering on that vision to produce superior financial returns. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator lets open the lines please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar of Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Kumar: Hey guys, first of all congratulations, stellar quarter, stellar guide, and special congratulations on hitting that 35% mark. That’s like the go standard in the semi business. 
David J. Aldrich: Thank you.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks.
Harsh Kumar: I just wanted to say, your numbers in March, your guidance in March is better than seasonal I guess if there was any overarching reason why that is so if you would just give us some color around that?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, thank you very much. Some of these assumptions in our Q2 guidance that allow us to offset seasonality at first, our broad markets products and the aggregate of all of our vertical markets are much less than seasonal. So that’s helping. We’re seeing new opportunities that were ramping and specifically in the connected home, significant wearable products in fact. We also have some customers that are starting to ramp with new mobile platforms for 2015 and they are doing so in the March quarter. So we are seeing content gains, we are seeing more high value added analog systems both in the mobile and in non mobile, and that’s helping Q2. 
Harsh Kumar: Great and then as a follow-up, if you look beyond March I think one of your customers had a pretty substantial ramp. As you look beyond March, just I am not asking you to give color but just maybe some I am not asking to give numbers but just some color, what would be the puts and takes on growth let’s say in the June and the September quarter and the rest of the year?
David J. Aldrich: Well, that’s a good question. Obviously we don’t provide guidance for the year but if you look at our Q1 results and add our Q2 guidance, we are well over 50% top line growth through the first half. If one would take just normal seasonal patterns for the rest of the year and our track record of growing faster in the market we are looking at a very attractive we think another high growth 2015. And plus we got strong visibility today because we are actually ramping programs now. So I think the positive dynamics that are going to continue to fuel this above market performance for us, we are continuing to see big content gains in mobile and connectivity particularly 4G and 11ac by the way.  We continue to see a small number of competitors and consolidation of share favoring those companies led by Skyworks that can do a complete overall solution. And our broad markets and vertical segments continue to outperform. I think all of these will play out not only Q1 and Q2 but over the long haul. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question is from the line of Rick Schafer of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Rick Schafer: Great, thanks and I’ll add my congratulations guys, nice job on the quarter. I had a quick follow up question just kind of talking about the or looking at what you guys sort of expect to see or what’s your expectations are for content increases this year with your two top wireless customers as well as China and emerging markets. I mean is it too early to have a sense of what kind of content increase you could see at particularly your two largest OEMs?
David J. Aldrich: Okay, well thanks Rick. So obviously we can’t comment specifically on customers. However, in general these analog architectures are getting much more complex and that’s across our entire customer base in mobile and non mobile by the way. But in terms of our largest customers this provides a tailwind for us. We have consistently more addressable content with each successive design. And in fact we continue to look out two to three years as we become more of a system producer or engaging very early in architectural selection. So we have very good visibility in terms of how the architectures are going. And so I guess I would say our clearly stated goal has been for a long time is to gain content with each model and as an incumbent we have been very successful in maintaining and in fact growing our footprint and that's aided of course by complexity that all of our customers need help in solving particularly on the analog side and that's our strength. Maybe Liam could comment on China. 
Liam K. Griffin: Sure Rick, this is Liam on China. So if you look at the China dynamic we are very excited about the LTE opportunities. This year we were seeing an LTE number in China that was probably about 92 million or so. We think that number could go up 2X maybe 3X over the next 12 months. Here we have an opportunity to bring in our multimode systems solutions. Invariably there is WiFi, there is GPS, there is power management, very content rich opportunities. And then adjacent to that you mentioned emerging markets, so yet another set of developing markets that are looking for their first wave of connectivity. We support that and often times that could be $2 to $3 of incremental content in markets where there really was no subscriber. So we are excited about both of those opportunities and it is early for that cycle to evolve. 
Rick Schafer: Great, and then just kind of switching gears onto auto, I know Dave mentioned auto in his prepared remarks, can you give us an idea I guess maybe what you are targeting and what you have kind of -- how you look at growth in that business whether it is this year or the next couple of years however you are comfortable talking about it in terms of are you going to outgrow the auto unit market by 2X to 3X or just some kind of target on what kind of growth rates we could see there and actually what's primarily driving growth there for you guys?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, sure. As we have outlined with CES and as you have seen with some of the new models that have been released, the connectivity, infotainment all are big part of the auto story. So what we have been doing so far is really leveraging our strength in SOI switching and GPS technology and in WiFi technology, and leveraging some of the great products that we have built through our mobile portfolio. And we are growing that business quite well. We have initiatives to further increase content. We are looking at unique solutions, even some cellular based solutions are entering into automotive. So we look at that as a key part of the IOT portfolio. We have design wins with companies that we named here in the call and we think that is going to continue to proliferate and we are excited about it. We have dedicated teams working that market as well and we will report more to you as the quarters transpire. 
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Arya : Thank you for taking my question. Dave, when you look at the high end of the market and mobile phones I think there is a perception that perhaps overall content might have saturated because these phones already have so many LTE bands and it is just not possible to grow any more bands. What are you seeing on the ground, what do you think can help to drive content up even in the high end phones so even if that's a unit decelerator or flattish you can still see growth even in the high end of the market?
David J. Aldrich : Yes, thank you Vivek. It is a little bit of complicated question. I would say from a band standpoint into the foreseeable future and I am talking a few years out, we don’t see any trend that is narrowing the number of bands. In fact we see the opposite and if you pay attention to some of the auctions that are occurring right now for spectrum, I mean, they are moving higher and higher in frequency on narrow band. So I think that is going to drive a lot of complexity. And the higher in frequency you go by the way, the more differentiated the kinds of technologies we can produce. So, that is a very good trend for us, that implies complex switching, complex amplification, filtering and so on.  On the receive side by the way, now it is becoming equally important to have it more and more streaming. So we are starting to see downlink architectures get very, very complicated. That is adding a lot of content in the next five years we think because it isn’t just that you are transmitting all the time, you are actually streaming. So the performance of the battery, the bandwidth and so on is very, very important, how the antenna plays in that environment. And remember Vivek Skyworks is unique because as for example, as connectivity moves to AC and multiple modes of these battery compatibility and WiFi that is the real strength of ours.  We are the leader in that space. Power management and the voltage of these devices you see is important so we have suite of power management devices. We are in the camera flash particularly in dual and high performance and so on. So our systems capability is serving us very well but I think it would be a mistake to interpret the current suite of phones as being some kind of the high point in band proliferation. I don’t think there is anything that can stop that for the next several years. 
Vivek Arya: Got it, very useful. And then as my follow up more on the operational and the supply chain side, you are growing at this 50% rate probably seven to eight times in the broader semiconductor industry and I am wondering do you see any supply constraints on that growth, how are your frontend and backend facilities holding up and supporting this kind of growth? Thank you.
David J. Aldrich: Well if you look at our CAPEX for the last couple of years you could see that we’ve had to grow our capacity. We’ve done that significantly. We’ve maintained our flexible model where we have outsourced partners for all of our critical processes and -- assembly and test and so on. We’ve made provisions for that, we have the capacity, our on-time delivery remains very high. I think we are all set but we have had to make a significant investment over the last several quarters. 
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Vivek look we spend over 200 million last year and we had 87 million Q1, so it's as Dave said it's spending the CAPEX to maintain that right ratio and those products that we do both internally and externally. And then remember we outsource a significant percentage of our products, the SOI products for power management were fabulous so it’s a nice balance and we feel very comfortable about our ability to get products. 
David J. Aldrich: Yes Vivek I’ll make one final comment, the other piece in last couple of quarters you have seen a significant investment in filter capacity. Our high performance temp comp duplexers were on track now to ship a billion in 2015, a billion. And we are in good shape to do that as well. So we know how to do this but it’s a lot of capacity I will admit. 
Operator: Thank you and next question from the line of Sid Sinha of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Sinha: Great, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the strong results. Dave one of your leading Korean customers is trying to introduce a number of SKUs or handset models it produces by roughly a third and focus perhaps more on super regional phones. I interpret this as more out of dollar content for Skyworks as these ones should not support more regional bands and frequencies, is that a fair assessment?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I’ll let Liam address that. 
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, I understand what you’re alluding to there and so what we are seeing with one of our larger customers is a move towards fewer SKUs but the SKUs that are being provided are much more complex and will handle more of a broader geography. That’s actually a great trend for us. I mean that’s what we do best, we integrate solutions, we are able to provide the breadth of not only the amplification but the filtering, the power management, switching, and WiFi. So we see an opportunity uniquely with this customer now to gain significant content platform over platform and enable what we think to be a step up in functionality and performance on their end. So we are excited about it. You were on to that by your question and we are seeing that coming to fruition this year. 
Siddharth Sinha: Great, thanks and just a follow up to that question, the very same OEM is of course facing competitive market dynamics from the Chinese Smartphone OEM base. I guess simple way to ask is if the Chinese Smartphone makers gain share from some of your existing non Chinese android customers would that in totality be a net positive or negative or a neutral for Skyworks?
David J. Aldrich: Well actually I think it’s a net positive. We are starting to see a tremendous growth here in China. We talked about that in the prior question. You are seeing names like Xiaomi and Oppo and TCL and Lenovo that are executing very, very well in China which is a huge market. But they are also delivering some compelling solutions into another set of emerging markets outside of China. So we are benefitting from that and we think that the unit volume opportunity there coupled with content gains is a real compelling driver for us and that will be around here for many, many years. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Anthony Stoss of Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead. 
Anthony J. Stoss: Hi guys, my congrats as well to all Skyworks employees.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you.
Anthony J. Stoss: Two parts if you guys could talk a little bit more on what you are seeing on the infrastructure side, what you saw in December and what you might think infrastructure related business up down or flat in the March quarter? And then we have a bigger picture Dave, now let it seems like the handful of the RF players in this space are all playing within their sub segments. Are you seeing less pricing pressure overall now than you did say a couple of years ago since everybody seems to be doing well and focused on their niches, thanks? 
David J. Aldrich: I’ll answer that and then Liam can talk about infrastructure. I will say that we continue to see dramatic changes in the competitive dynamics in the market for a couple of reasons one is that the simple reality is that our customers don’t want, in fact in many cases don’t know what to do with these key component. So even the best in breed companies with whom we used to compete are unable to compete many of them in these advanced system architecture. And so that’s allowing us to capture content simply because we have a solution of direct [ph] product and we have scale in the solution dynamic. We understand it, we approach it as a system not as a bag of chips if you will that’s helping us.  So we see consolidation of share with or without consolidation of companies. Where we have seen consolidation that you alluded to, it is actually I think healthy long-term for the market because we are really encouraged to see a reduction in underutilized manufacturing assets where we are seeing some of these RF companies come together. That seems to be the trend which is to shut our underutilized assets in the form of foundries and so on, consolidate design centers. So we are finding it, making it easier for us to hire the absolute best inbred engineers and we are certainly seeing less, more rational environment from a pricing standpoint I would put it that way. 
Liam K. Griffin: Sure and with respect to infrastructure we are seeing that market slowly improve, commencing with the increases in LTE developments and increasing data rates and demand for screening and services. Some of the beneficiaries that we see, that we also supply to companies like Nokia, Siemens, Huawei, Ericsson, DTV all now are starting to show brighter signs of demand going into 2015 and even into 2016, a long-term forecast. So that market as we have outlined in the past is a margin rich portfolio for Skyworks. It is a big part of our story and broad market and we are looking forward to rolling out some new design wins here this year. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Tim Long of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Tim Long your line is open. 
David J. Aldrich : Let's will move on, right. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question is from the line of Cody Acree of Ascendiant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Cody Acree: Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations guys. Maybe if we can look at a split of revenue to the best you can, the details that you can give us on handset versus non-handset, obviously the March quarter is much better than seasonal and to the extent maybe you can give us a mix split that is helping to drive that?
David J. Aldrich : Well, I think clearly December marked a high point in terms of the amount of mobile revenue you see because obviously that is where you see the big programs ramping. Our March guidance is to be much less than seasonal so we expect a strong March quarter and that will be driven by a lot of broad market activity. There will be some mobile phones launching but in general the outperformance there is broad market based. You will see a reduction in mobile volume and an increase in broad market vertical markets. Within mobile, where we are seeing by far the greatest strength is in these integrated system solutions, the power amplified duplexers, SkyOne, WiFi based products, power management and the like so I hope that answers your question. 
Cody Acree: Well Dave and I guess as you look into Q relative to the first half are you seeing the non-handset markets grow as quickly as you are seeing opportunities of the handsets in units or are you just seeing numerous new applications coming in and driving that. I would also like to get maybe your view on the inventory health as we have kind of wrapped up the year both China and non-China handsets?
David J. Aldrich : Well Cody I think if you looked at our last quarter, our year-over-year growth in broad markets was about 26% and so we have been growing that business 25% to 30% which is far greater than anybody's estimation of what broad market semiconductor content is growing. We are doing it with connectivity, we are doing it in the home, we are doing it in the automobile. And I expect that to continue. Now, over time we see our mix shifting less discreet power amplifier like products, more integrated mobile systems within our mobile products in more and more vertical market, broad market. But we are performing pretty darn well in our mobile business so we don’t see dramatic shifts in that overall split. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question is from the line of Craig Ellis of B. Riley. Please go ahead. 
Craig Ellis: Thank you for taking the questions and congratulation on the very strong execution. Dave I wanted to follow up on the helpful color you have provided around calendar 2015 growth drivers. When talking about Internet of Things and machine-to-machine you mentioned a number of technologies. Clearly Skyworks is very, very strong in connectivity but there are other areas like MCU and sensing where you can go down different paths either developing or acquiring that technology or partnering up, what makes the most sense for Skyworks longer term?
David J. Aldrich : Well, that is great question, a complex one again. If you look at some applications, -- the hottest selling thermostats for example like Next [ph] you will see a module that has a combination of controllers and codes that has been provided by a partner where we have added connectivity, switching, filtering to create a module that is really easy for the system to use. We like that model, it leverages our strength. We are doing more than yes, its connectivity but it’s also the switching, the antenna, tuning the filtering and all of the logic that drives that -- the adoption of these connected devices in markets you describe. The long-term strategy is not to be a microcontroller company. We think that the relative level of processing horse power required is nominal and so we think that we can partner, acquire, and license frankly MCU technology.  We are looking in investing in various forms of sensors [ph] so we could -- you could picture that we have connectivity analog system wrapped into an MCM that we produce perhaps in our Mexicali factory with all the requisite componentary. We license in MCU and the piece of the puzzle that we are working very hard on right now is how to do the sensing and control and we are on track to use a couple of different approaches but they’ll likely be with partners. 
Craig Ellis: That’s helpful and then I just wanted to clarify a related comment that you had, you indicated that broad market strength is helping to offset seasonality, was that pointedly at the current quarters outlook or is that longer term should we expect to see a year from now relative to historic patterns, a little less seasonality from the December quarter into the March quarter?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think it’s both. It is clearly the case that the shift from mobile to broad market in Q2 was helping moderate some seasonality. If your company was focused purely on mobile, purely on high-end mobile you’d see far more seasonality that we are able to see. And if you go back and look last year, the year before that, and I would expect you to think this way in years to come we will be far less seasonal as a result of the diversification of our business model both within mobile but outside mobile.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question from the line of Edward Snyder of Charter Equity. Please go ahead. 
Edward Snyder: Just needed a clarification have you or are you adding premium filter capacity right now and will you offer discreet filters in the open market or are you planning on just consuming all that you built for your own use?
David J. Aldrich: We are -- in fact we are significantly more than doubling our filter capacity. I think we’ll probably ship our plan is if not a billion very close to a billion in 2015 and these are all high performance TC duplexers, high frequency narrow band. We’re expanding into new bands that previously weren’t addressable by SAW, by temperature compensating was some really slick processes. We are doing it across multiple customers and multiple applications both on the transmit and the receive side. And no I don’t think for the time being we will offer merchant discreet filters. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question from the line of Vijay Rakesh of Sterne Agee. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Rakesh: Hi guys, congratulations on a strong quarter here and a good guide. Looking at your content as you go into 2015 you talked about filters here going to 1 billion, is that also doubling year-on-year into 2015 and how have you been able to improve the opportunity or improve the performance on SAW, TC-SAW versus let’s say -- as you go into the high frequency modes? Thanks.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, well yes, I mean I think when you do a comparison year-over-year of course we didn’t have that joint venture in house the prior year. But it is true that we are ramping our production substantially. We have customers lined up that consume that capacity as Dave mentioned. We are going to continue to add capital and that’s going to be a great driver for us. And I think we have an opportunity now to leverage a proprietary temp comp process that will move us up from some of the traditional frequency bands that would be to remain to SAW or TC-SAW and move into areas that allow us to address an even greater set of end devices. And when we talk about less devices going discreetly or today really no device discreetly, what we are saying is these billion filters are enabling systems level solutions, PAD like solutions, SkyOne like solutions that have very rich ASPs and a tremendous amount of systems level knowledge and know how that comes in through our team at Skyworks. So it’s not just a filter but it’s our ability to leverage our gallium arsenate technology or switching technology, the Mexicali configurability of custom assembly and test house. Bringing all of that together is really special and we are starting to see the benefits of that today.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it and just moving on to the capital allocation side, obviously very strong cash flow and you have a big vault just of cash now. What do you see in terms of dividends or share repurchase or M&A, thanks?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, thanks Vijay. Our allocation strategy I think we have been pretty clear that and we are going to continue to focus on trying to distribute about 40% of the free cash flow to shareholders. We returned over 35% in 2014. We initiated a dividend in 2014, we have actually increased that in two quarters in 2014, and we have repurchased a significant amount of shares. We are going to continue evoke those. And as far as the dividend, the model looks really good, earnings look good, we added a minimum, we are going to look adjustments to that on an annual basis that's at a minimum. So we like that having a strong cash balance gives us a competitive advantage. We like being in that position. 
Operator: Okay, and then next question is from the line of Steve Smigie of Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Steve Smigie: Great, thanks a lot. I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about market share in terms of units of handsets that you are on and some dynamics around that such as LTE increases as a percentage of the mix, does that suggest you might gain shares, you are typically providing some higher performance solutions or is it as you say maybe a proliferation of more customers like more Chinese handset guys, is it difficult to have the resources to keep up with all the new players there, so assuming you could talk about your market share potential from a unit basis, thanks?
David J. Aldrich : I think it is a little hard to answer because if you look at our product portfolio within Smartphones, there aren’t very many Smartphone, there are no Smartphone manufacturers where we don’t have a position. And in fact there aren’t very many Smartphone platforms in the world today where we don’t have something. The real -- so they are so complex. It isn’t like you have 30% PA share or whatever, that's not case. We are participating with virtually everybody and on every base band platform. So some cases like MediaTek where we will go to a broad market, we are on that platform and we gain lot of content and pull through by working together with for example the indigenous subset of China customers.  So for us it is more about more content. Now the tailwind is that there is more content period to given complexity. There is more WiFi, more modes of WiFi, there is more bands, there is more filtering, there is more downlink architectures, there is more need for power and voltage management. So that trend is going to happen anyways. And what's helping us in addition to that tailwind is that we see consolidation of share benefitting us because our customers simply aren’t going to the traditional discreet customer base any longer. They are looking for a system solution that maybe a complicated set of integrated circuits integrated in a multitude module with filtering and passive and that is what we think we do better than anybody in the world. So it is those two things, it is share capture by virtue of our system solution, our strong customer relationships. And it is the tailwind of content continuing to increase. 
Steve Smigie: Okay, thanks. And just a question on fully integrated solutions, could you talk about what 2015 SkyOne solution might incorporate. I realize you had multiple wins but they are not all the same but is it, you are putting three power amplifiers, two filters switch or something in there, just give a sense of at least when you have had in terms of just to get some sense of the complexity of what you are building for 2015?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure Steve, absolutely. Well in SkyOne it has really become the mainstream part of our portfolio and as you have outlined and what we have learned is that one size does not fit all and our ability to customize and configure account by account has been critical to our success. So we have SkyOne solutions that could be six or seven bands with multiple filters, with power management, some switching of course all integrated with a very, very rich ASP. We could find some customers that want very specific regional SKUs where you might have three or four filters and three or four frequency bands of amplification with maybe some receive side technology and some power. It is really a unique development for each account. What makes it special for us again is our ability to do that systems work, knowledge of multiple base band partners. Now this is a base band agnostic set of solutions. And now with our filtering technology in house we can be much more agile on how we pick and place and manage and select the right frequencies, the right technologies for that customer. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question is from the line of Mike Burton of Brean Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mike Burton: Hey guys and congrats on the great results and guidance. Don, first for you, just wondered if you could help us understand how we should be looking at OPEX going forward this fiscal year especially as you have to support the broad markets ramp of many products across a bunch of diverse customer set?
Donald W. Palette: Sure Mike. We just spent 94.5 for our Q1 results and guided up million dollars from that. I would expect we have a merit increase midyear in our fiscal year so I would expect to add a 1.5 million to 2 million a quarter to remodel out to the balance of the year. That’s a safe thing to do as we continue to grow when you add the model. When you look at the revenue, the top line revenue opportunities that we have you’ll see there is still tremendous amount of leverage. 
Mike Burton: Okay, great and then for Dave and Liam, a very impressive guidance relative to seasonality. I was hoping you can help us understand how the China market has done for you in December and the outlook for that important region in the March quarter as in the Chinese New Year, thanks again?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure with respect to China, actually we are seeing China as a grower here in the March quarter where there are some interesting dynamics now with LTE really picking up. We mentioned some of our lead customers Xiaomi, TCL, Lenovo, etc. So we are seeing that pick up and we are also seeing as Dave outlined in the content opportunity in each one of these phones increase. And of course our ability to grow one of that content has been important as well. So China looks good. Last quarter was about flat so we go into the December quarter it wasn’t a big part of our growth story. We continue to work on design wins and we’re much more of the 4G play and as you know in China the 2G and 3G market is sort of robust with the uptake of LTE which is very good for us. And it is early stages. I mean this is a long term growth cycle while we’re well positioned. We have talked about some of our relationships with players like MediaTek and [indiscernible] and of course Qualcomm. So we’re real fortunate to be in that position and we will look forward to a long term growth cycle there. 
Operator: Thank you and the next question is from the line of Suji De Silva of Topeka please go ahead. 
Suji De Silva: Hi guys, congratulations on the quarter. In terms of the overall filter capacity for the industry not just for you guys, would you say it’s tight and the people are chasing demand or you’re taking share versus other guys?
David J. Aldrich: I think it's tight across the board. In the case of high performance filters which is where we are producing our own that is something where we are servicing our customers with very specific proprietary designs but in general it’s the filter capacity industry wide is quite tight. 
Suji De Silva: Okay great and then on SkyOne it occurs to me I mean you guys are providing a lot of value with integration and helping to it will get to market quickly I know if you talked about the relative margins of SkyOne versus your core margins but are they I mean 10 points higher or something like that and you can walk people up the price curve with that and I mean is that is that something that SkyOne growth that could leave a – tailwind for your margin for several quarters?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, we haven’t given a specific number as high as 10 points but they are meaningfully above our standalone power amplifiers and they are accretive to where the business is typically today. So it is a value add proposition for sure. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. And next question from the line of Alex Gauna of JMP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Alex Gauna: Good afternoon guys. Just wondering has the favorable exchange rates specifically for the yen improved or changed the way people are thinking about the value proposition of TC-SAW versus F-BAR [ph] alternative?
David J. Aldrich: No, I would say it has a minimal impact. It’s a minimal impact on our results. 
Alex Gauna: Okay, you guys have had a great track record of exceeding your guidance like you absolutely crushed it now a couple quarters in a row. I am wondering is there something that has materially exceeded your calculus that’s led to such upside, where were you off in terms of how you set guidance over the past couple of quarters, is it a single customer, or is it a certain platform ramp, can you give us some color on that?
David J. Aldrich: I think we are capturing more of the – we were probably more successful in the last few quarters relative to our expectations it would have to be in the amount of content we’re sweeping in. So if we capture let’s suppose we engage with a kind of not a full op but a SkyLiTE, kind of a light version of our SkyOne product for regional phone. And then of course we’re competing to try to then capture the receive side, we are trying to capture the antenna switching and tuning, we are trying to capture both WiFi bands or if there are more than one. And so we’re continuing to do a better and better job of making the argument that it's easier for you to engage with Skyworks as a customer for the complete solution. Fewer moving parts, you let us handle more of the complexity, we can help you solve the overall analog system solution that’s such a benefit that when we are surprised we are being surprised with more content within an existing win I would say. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. And next question from the line of Ian Ing of MKM Partners. Please go ahead. 
Ian Ing: Yes, thanks and sharing my congratulations. In mobile you got top reference design exposure to the merchant base band partners but how are your relationships with the internal base band teams and OEMs that are trying to in source and what do you think their prospects are for a success?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, that’s a good question. We certainly our engage with every potential developer on the chipset side and we have seen in some cases specifically in Korea there’s been some success with a in-house solution and will be lined up with our product as well. We do still see couple of real big players out there who you know. I mean Qualcomm and MediaTek are very powerful. We have a great position with both and there is just a lot happening in the space right now. As Dave mentioned lot of complexity, our customers are having to do much, much more with this technology in addition to things outside of mobile. If your look at the processing speed display so we are finding for the most part our job is to enable connectivity, enable solutions, be customer friendly, be flexible, we are doing that and our products will work with just about very base now. 
Ian Ing: Great, and for my follow up the China 4G opportunity potentially doubling or tripling this year, what’s your reliance on the two smaller carriers in China. To the best of my knowledge they currently have trial 4G licenses in FTD but not full commercial at this point?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I mean we are still believing that we’re going to see a number here if you go off of a 90 million or so LTE shipment in 2014. And if your look at the estimates the estimates are as high 250 million or 300 million. We think the number even if it's below that is going to be very explosive for us. We worked directly with the carriers but we also work closely with all the OEMs that we mentioned and the chipset partners that we mentioned. We just had a special note here with MediaTek and our SkyLiTE reference design with close collaboration and that’s tied closely to their OEM suite. 
Donald W. Palette: We are not seeing any particular advantage or disadvantage from one carrier to the next if that’s your question. We really don’t see a particular difference one way or another. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. And next question from the line of Tom Diffely of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. 
Thomas Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. Then maybe one question on the Chinese market then, do you see the relative pricing or margin trends dealing with either the large or the smaller Chinese customers versus your traditional customers. 
David J. Aldrich: No, not really and again we’re going in and selling systems based solutions. We think the market there has been great. We don’t have any pricing issues there. 
Donald W. Palette: And Tom they are often different but not often. They are usually very different products designed for that price point and designed for perhaps that regional approach or whether it’s a three mode design versus a five mode design. So the products are different, so the margins there are very good but the products are usually quite different. Tailored that product, we know what the market can bear. So we are able to sort of tailor our design around that price point. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. Question from the line of JoAnne Feeney of ABR Investment please go ahead.
JoAnne Feeney: Yes, congrats everybody, great execution. I wanted to get into a longer term question. I think we all understand the content increase is driven by entire bands and carrier aggregation. We’re clearly in a situation where carrier aggregation is just being implemented first for uploads and then as you pointed out to speed download streaming. One question that I think is important is what happens after a couple of years, do you think the second level of carrier aggregation is complete in a couple of years and do you have your sight on other technology changes and complexities that might come after we get through that download improvement from the secondly league of carrier aggregation, what is that’s going to drive content higher once we are through that stage?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think the content I think downlink you’re right there will be successive future generations of downlink because they are going to be increasingly important. You could see what’s being driven by the carrier or user models and simply what the user appetite is for streaming and streaming of video and streaming of 4K video and so you can just imagine that there will be constant demand from all bandwidth. So we think complexity is downlink. We think complexity is in the transmit side and I will tell you our experience in our design activity today is very much around solving more and more complexity with more high frequency bands, crowded on top of one another. Co-existence issues across the board. I don’t see anything turning the tables on this natural tendency towards complexity for the next five years. I mean there really isn’t any elegant solution that somehow says we got it, you can do this a lot easier. It’s going to be more of this kind of approach to analog design and our ability to integrate more functionality into a system. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. And you have a question from the line of Quinn Bolton of Needham. Please go ahead. 
Quinn Bolton: Hey, guys nice job on the results. Just wanted to ask, you talked about the received diversity opportunity in your prepared comments, wondered if you could shed a little bit more light on that, what number of bands are you seeing being aggregated and those received your first few modules? And then a second question, you talked about emerging markets specifically India as a future opportunity, it sounds like India 4G has been pretty quiet today, when do you think India starts to see a ramp on the 4G handset side, thank you?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, sure on the diversity received solution that really varies customer by customer we have seen some of that. The carrier aggregation bands account could be quite small but it is still incrementally beneficial. But as Dave has mentioned, if we look out at the road map and some of the designs that we are cementing today, we see very rich diversity received technologies on downlink that have up to six or seven filters, multiple L&A, load amplifiers and their functions to receive that signal and amplify it back through the chipset. So we are seeing that happening, SOI switching is embedded there, and it is a content rich opportunity that we are seeing today just in the few leading OEMs but if you look out through 2015 and 2016 roadmaps, more and more customers will adopt this technology. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for closing comments. 
David J. Aldrich: Hey, well thank you so much everyone for participating and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. 
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti -  David J. Aldrich - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - President
Analysts: Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Siddharth Sinha - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Stephen Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Marla. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We'll then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected, as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, included, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time-to-time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I am pleased to report that we delivered a strong finish to fiscal 2014, with fourth quarter results beating expectations across the board. The ongoing strength of our business performance reflects our success in capitalizing on the powerful underlying demand trends spanning our certain markets. And I'm particularly pleased with the broad-based nature of our business strength, highlighting the success of our diversification efforts with momentum spanning mobile, the Internet of Things and the expanding set of vertical markets. From our vantage point, we expect to continue to significantly outperform the broader semiconductor market throughout fiscal 2015 and beyond, driven by a combination of long-term secular growth drivers, share consolidation and consistent execution. Specifically, during the fourth quarter, we posted revenue of $718 million. That's more than a 22% sequential increase representing top line growth of 51% versus the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. We produced operating income of $236 million. That's up 81% versus last year. We are at $1.12 in diluted earnings per share, and that's up 75% versus last year. And we generated over $200 million in cash flow from operations. We also completed our acquisition of Panasonic's Filter Division, making Skyworks the market leader in high-performance temperature compensated filters. Our fourth quarter performance closed another record year for our company. For the full year, we posted revenue of roughly $2.3 billion. This represents 28% in top line growth. We grew operating income by over 50%, expanding operating margins by 450 basis points. We generated over $560 million in free cash flow with a return on invested capital of 25%. And we returned over $200 million to shareholders in the form of dividend distribution and share repurchases. This represents 35% of our free cash flow. As a testament to our confidence in the ongoing strength of our financial performance, we're also pleased to announce that we are raising our quarterly dividend to $0.13 per share, representing an 18% increase. This increase highlights our commitment to returning cash to shareholders, as we continue to generate strong financial returns from the business. The combination of growth, profitability and cash flow that we delivered during fiscal 2014 is validation of our strategy of diversifying our market footprint, while investing in core analog capabilities to capture more value through integrated system solutions. We continue to see tremendous opportunity ahead as the world rapidly becomes more connected. By all measures, global demand for wireless data is skyrocketing. With each successive generation, device manufacturers are raising the bar on performance to more seamlessly integrated on-demand video, cloud-based services, enterprise data and e-commerce into the user experience. Operators are investing in networks and facilitating device upgrades to launch new services, to drive increased data traffic and provide better access to content. Skyworks advanced solutions are at the very heart of this technology shift. Our strategy is to capitalize on this unprecedented demand environment and it's threefold. First, we look to harness the growth and scale of mobile, capitalizing on increasing analog complexity by capturing more value through custom system solutions, while our customer diversification mitigates share shifts among OEMs. Second, cultivate the emerging Internet of Things opportunity, enabling the next wave of new connected devices through our industry-leading connectivity solutions. And third, aggressively expand into new vertical markets, leveraging our broad portfolio of precision analog solutions. And our Q4 design wins highlight the success we've had in addressing this new opportunities. Some of these include: multiple diversity receive module wins at a Tier 1 smartphone manufacturer; analog control ICs for GoPro for action video cameras; connectivity module supporting multiple Smartwatch platforms; custom front end solutions for streaming music platforms at Sonos and other leading wireless speaker providers; a suite of devices supporting Netgear's latest X6 Tri-band Gigabit router; dedicated short range communications, vehicle-to-vehicle solutions for GM's platforms; and finally, custom ASICs for Rockwell Collins' avionics platforms. Okay, for a more detailed outlook and commentary on the quarter, I'll turn it over to Don.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave. Thanks for joining for us, everyone. Our revenue for the fourth quarter was $718.2 million. That's up 22% sequentially and 51% year-over-year. Gross profit was $329.6 million or 45.9% of revenue, ahead of the midpoint of our guidance range and up 150 basis points from the year-ago period. Operating expenses were $93.9 million, consisting of R&D expense $58.2 million and SG&A expense of $35.8 million. Operating income was $235.7 million, translating into a 32.8% operating margin for the fourth quarter. Our cash tax rate was 8.4%, and that's ahead of our prior forecast as a result of fiscal year-end tax adjustments. Net income was $216.1 million or $1.12 of diluted earnings per share, $0.12 ahead of our original guidance. A $0.04 upside to our preannounced Q4 results consisted of a $0.01 from better-than-expected operating results and $0.03 from the more favorable fourth quarter tax rate. During the quarter, we also generated $201 million in cash flow from operations; invested $83 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $30 million; exited the fiscal year with $806 million in cash and no debt; and we repurchased 875,000 shares of our common stock. Moving to our product mix for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, power amplifiers represented 36% of revenue, integrated mobile systems was 39% and broad markets was 25%. We saw a healthy growth across all product categories with the strongest being integrated mobile systems, which as a reminder, includes our integrated systems portfolio as well as mobile analog products like power management, Wi-Fi and GPS. It's worth noting that our broad markets product lines, which serve the connected home, networking, media, automotive and medical markets, grew at over 30% over the course of fiscal 2014, and that is significantly outpacing the broader semiconductor industry. For the fiscal year, we produced a total of $773 million in cash flow from operations, with free cash flow of $564 million. That's our second consecutive year with free cash flow yield of nearly 8%. Finally, our return on invested capital was 25% for fiscal 2014. That's over twice our weighted average cost of capital. During the fourth quarter, we closed the acquisition of Panasonic's Filter Division, paying $148.5 million for a 66% controlling interest with provisions to acquire the remaining 34% roughly 2 years from now. And we've now fully consolidated Panasonic's results in our financial statements. This venture makes Skyworks the performance leader in TC-SAW, with shipments approaching 100 million units per quarter, broadening our technology portfolio, enriching our systems capabilities and enhancing our financial returns. Turning to our first quarter 2015 business outlook, we expect revenue to be $770 million, our first quarter over a $3 billion annualized revenue run rate. We anticipate gross margin of 46.5% for Q1, and expect margins to continue to trend positively over the course of fiscal 2015, as we leverage a higher mix of integrated systems, improve volume utilization and realize the benefits of our joint venture with Panasonic. As a result, of all these positive factors, we now recommend modeling at 52% drop-through of incremental revenue to the gross profit line for the remainder of fiscal 2015 and beyond. We expect operating expenses to be approximately $94 million, which includes a full quarter of expenses from Panasonic. Below the line, we anticipate $100,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate around 13.5%. We expect our cash tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of our 2015 fiscal year. And as a result, we expect the Q1 EPS of $1.18, using a base of 194 million shares. As Dave mentioned earlier, we raised our quarterly dividend payment to $0.13 per share. That's an increase of 18% and implies around 1% yield. Through the combination of our dividend plan and our ongoing share repurchase activity, we've returned roughly $200 million to shareholders over the course of fiscal 2014, representing 35% of our free cash flow. We continue to view an allocation of roughly 40% of free cash flow as an appropriate balance between internal investment for growth initiatives and shareholder returns. Many of the drivers of a strong 2015 are in place today. And that gives us a high level of confidence in our growth trajectory over the course of the year, putting us on a clear path towards $5 in annualized EPS. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on our market trends and growth strategy.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Don. Well, by all measures, we delivered a strong fiscal 2014, and that's a testament to the efforts of the entire Skyworks team. We're quite pleased with our financial performance, but I think more importantly, looking ahead, we see our track record of success continuing for the foreseeable future. And our corporate vision is very clear. We are enabling the global adoption of connectivity in all its forms, and across all applications and end markets. This powerful and secular mega trend is in the early innings, and it's spanning diverse markets like mobile, the connected home, media, computing, security, enterprise and networking across a number of communication protocols. These include 4G, Wi-Fi, ZigBee, GPS, Bluetooth and others. And as I outlined earlier, we have a threefold strategy in place to capitalize on these positive market trends. Now I'd like to take a moment to delve into each element of our strategy in just a bit more detail. First, harnessing the growth scale of mobile. Within the mobile device market, the combined impact of band proliferation and the adoption of advanced uplink architectures is causing a rapid shift away from discrete components and towards customized integrated solutions, which sweep in adjacent analog content. Customers are also increasingly focused on new ways to improve signal quality and download speeds, driving much more complex downlink architectures and creating entirely new growth avenues for us in the receive path. Now the net result is a rapidly expanding addressable market opportunities for Skyworks, significantly outpacing underlining unit growth with fewer qualified competitors. Second, cultivate the emergent Internet of things opportunity. We see numerous examples of connectivity expanding into entirely new device categories, including wearable electronics, security, lighting and automation opportunities across the connected home and enterprise. These all provide incremental new growth avenues for Skyworks technology and enhance our diversification. In fact, market analysts estimate that growth within the Internet of Things market will far exceed that of other connected devices over the next 5 years, some predicting as many as 50 billion connected devices by the year 2020. Third, we're aggressively expanding into new vertical markets. We're investing heavily to increase our market footprint in traditional analog segments like automotive, like medical and industrial. These are highly attractive markets characterized by longer product life cycles, far fewer competitors and higher margins. Skyworks participates in these markets by leveraging core analog and mixed signal design capabilities and a broad product catalog. As one example, in the September quarter, AT&T announced that it added more than 0.5 billion connected cars to its network, and predicted that there will be well over 10 million connected cars by the year 2017. We are winning numerous new content opportunities in the connected automobile today, not only in cellular and local-area connectivity, but also in telematics systems, infotainment, in navigation and climate control, collision avoidance, keyless entry and transponders. And in total, we're addressing well over $20 of content per car. We see these trends continue -- contributing to above-market growth for us in the foreseeable future. But equally important, we've established a solid track record of converting these strong top line growth trends into superior financial returns. In closing, we've created a unique business model combining strong consistent top line growth with the financial returns of best-in-class diversified analog company. And as our results show, we're delivering on that vision today. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's please open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will go to line of Rich Schafer with Oppenheimer.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: My first question is with front end or with mobile demand up so much of this year, do you guys see any constraints on growth now or as we look into 2015 for Skyworks? And as part of that answer, I'm curious what you're seeing on the pricing front as it relates to tighter supply.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, with respect to our ability to grow and growth constraints, we actually see today an expanding opportunity with our leading customers in smartphones. We talked a bit about it in the opening remarks, but we see increasing band count, more opportunities to lever our switching, levering now our new filter technologies and just a tremendous demand on the usage of mobile. So that's one side. And then broad markets, as we've outlined, we grew 30% year-over-year. We have tremendous traction now going in the IoT, early innings there. So we think the combination of our smartphone growth and then emerging markets within IoT and broad market categories will give us a great shot at additional growth into 2015.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. It doesn't sound like there's any constraints then, you don't see?
Liam K. Griffin: No.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then my follow-up is just quickly, can you update us on your attach rate with China 4G reference designs? And I don't know if there is any way -- this might be a tough question, but is there any way to quantify sort of your average RF content in some of those local branded China phones?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, we have fortunately a balanced attack with respect to China. We have great partnerships with the leading global chipset providers. And we also do very well with some of the local brands like MediaTek and Spreadtrum. So we're seeing increasing attach there going from 3 mode to 5 mode phones. And so what you're seeing is a market that had been leveraged by 2G and low content, maybe $0.50, $0.60, moving to 3G, which is a 2x multiplier for us if not more. And now finally, 4G LTE rolling out and that's been a tremendous catalyst for us. And not only do we see the band count move up and our traditional amplifier and systems business go up, but we're seeing adjacent content and Wi-Fi power management and GPS, as these phones get richer and richer. So it's really important. And these are early innings for that upgrade cycle. So that's something we're going to see really play out into '15 and '16 as well.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley and Company.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Near-term question. Don, as we look at the guidance for the calendar fourth quarter up 7-ish percent quarter-on-quarter, what are some of the gives and takes as you look at the business across the power amplifier business, the broad market business and the multimode business?
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thanks this is Dave. Thank you for the question. December is normally a very strong quarter for us, and that's certainly the case this year. We see -- the strength is very broad-based. It's across markets and it's across multiple applications. We are seeing an uptake of content-rich integrated mobile systems as these architectures get more and more complex. In fact, this was the highest growth segment for us last quarter. And I might add that we're seeing broad market business growth to be healthy in the December quarter and that was 30% up year-over-year last year. And of course, that's in a market that's up far less than that, perhaps single digits. We also -- I'd like to mention that we have a clearly stated goal to gain content in all flagship models with each successive model generation. And we've been successfully executing with higher and higher dollar content with each success of smartphone application.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: And then just a follow-up and it's related to comments in the press release. In the fourth quarter business highlights, numerous Smartwatch design wins, when would we expect revenues from that category to become material? And when it does, where will we see it? Will it be in the multi-markets group or will it be in another segment?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Craig, this is Liam. We are seeing great traction in IoT, it's early innings as we've mentioned before. Some of the design wins we mentioned, for example, the GoPro camera. We have some new applications in automotive and wearable categories like watches. So a lot of these design wins will be -- some of them we'll be launching in the December quarter, but a lot of these will be 2015 through the year. And we expect to add to that roster, of course.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Harsh Kumar with Stephens.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Looking into the March quarter, can you remind us of seasonality? And are you thinking any differently about seasonality, given the strength in the September and December quarter?
David J. Aldrich: It's a little early to provide specifics on March. Generally, the March quarter is down sequentially for the industry around 10%. We typically outperform, and that's a combination of our diversification efforts, which don't have the same market seasonality. And we are grabbing more analog content than existing mobile platforms. And share, in fact, is being consolidated across the industry; not only companies consolidating, but we're continuing to see more opportunities to bundle functionality and gain share through, if you will, industry consolidation around system providers, leaders like ourselves. So we expect March to be seasonal, but we also expect [indiscernible].
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: As my follow-on, I was hoping you could parcel out the impact of the extra week in terms of revenue in the September quarter?
Donald W. Palette: I will start with -- as far as the expenses, that's a good place to start. It was roughly around $2.5 million of expenses that we had. As far as revenue, we don't believe that had any material impact on the numbers because the focus is customer requirements and demands. And knowing ahead of time what that schedule was going to be, we were able to plan accordingly. So we don't believe it had any material impact from the top line, as far as where we ended up for the quarter.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum Capital.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Can you -- the $83 million you spent in CapEx this quarter, can you give us a sense of what your plans are for 2015? Are you missing or unable to land any further designs based on a lack of production? And then, lastly, Dave, I'd love to hear your views on your December guide, if you expect China to be up sequentially.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Tony, there's absolutely no issue as far as our ability to win share and grow based on having the right capacity. The hybrid model serves us quite well. When you see us spending CapEx and spending at the level is we have pretty good visibility to volume, and it's our goal to try and to keep that internal/external mix in line so that we get the right incremental margin answer. And that's the goal.
David J. Aldrich: Anthony, with respect to the December quarter in China, we have a great deal of experience in China. So we understand how to handicap that market. We're rather conservative in our guidance. We recognize there's historically been some volatility. But we see -- coming off a strong September quarter in China, we do see some growth in December. But more importantly, we're -- we believe we're at the beginning of a very early cycle of a very long upgrade cycle, multiyear. And as you know, we're highly diversified. We have a great position with the leading indigenous OEMs. We have an equally strong position with domestic brands, worldwide leaders that ship into China. And of course, if you look at the market leaders, the chipset providers, we have majority share with, really, the 2 or 3 leaders there. So we're well-positioned. We expect December to be up somewhat, and we think we've been very conservative in our guidance.
Operator: And next we'll go to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I think you guys have done so well for so long that investors always want more, and they want to know what will take Skyworks to the next level. And specifically, as part of that, what is the company's M&A strategy to diversify the business away from mobile? So Dave, my question really is do you see enough growth within mobile? And then, what is the M&A strategy? Is that even important to think about now? Because you have been talking about it for some time, but we have not seen any follow-through on that. So just conceptually, how you think about the company and how you take it to the next level from here?
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, that's a lot of question, but thank you. If I look at '15 and beyond, we see a number of positive dynamics. And we're -- we think, we're very uniquely and strongly positioned. First, we're going to continue to see big content gains in mobile and in connectivity, particularly in 4G and 11ac. We see a smaller number of competitors, as I said earlier, a lot of industry consolidation and huge advantage from -- to local -- from discrete component providers to system providers because we are very broad in analog and RF domain. Our customer see the benefit of that, and we're obviously able to sweep in more and more content. And all of these factors, we think, play into future growth. And incidentally what we continue to double down in these vertical markets, we're excited by them. We're seeing growth in far and excess of the market, and all that's organic. But from an M&A standpoint, we did just close the Panasonic acquisition. So we have been active. We've been very selective, however. So we have -- it's part of our capital allocation strategy that Don mentioned. We have a high hurdle rate for M&A. It needs to be accretive to our EPS, our margins and accelerate diversification. So we're very active, but we're going to be very selective and look for the right deal. In the meantime, we have very strong organic opportunities.
Donald W. Palette: And Vivek, just to put a color on. I mean, we have spent over $700 million over the last 3 or 4 years on multiple acquisitions. So we have been able to pay cash for those. So we have been active in the market.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then, as a follow-up, just a little more short-term question. You've had very good control on the spending side. You're also guiding to the 52% fall-through on the gross margin. Just wondering, Don, how we should think about the OpEx trajectory. And importantly, your OpEx is among the lowest, right, OpEx as a percentage of sales is among the lowest in the industry. I assume, you are spending where the spending is required, but how should we think about a business model that can sort of support the growth that you're looking forward to in 2015?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, we've talked to you about improving the margin drop-through, and that's a result of the focus we have and the things you need to do to expand margins, and that's the spending the CapEx and focus on yields and productivity. And then, what we're also seeing is we're getting this move from our power amplifiers -- standalone power amplifier business, the integrated mobile systems. That's going to continue to expand our margin. And that's a lot of what you can see. Plus, we've got a nice bump going forward now with the Filter acquisition and not stacking those margins anymore. So all that's going to continue to grow the margin, which is going to help the model. We will continue to grow OpEx and make investments that we believe are going to add value to shareholders. So we just guided to $94 million. I would say for modeling, you can add a $1.5 million a quarter is probably a good number. Could it go up a little bit here or there or maybe down? Absolutely. That's just a rule of thumb. But we'll continue to make the investments that we think are going to enable us to grow, to outperform the market. So we're very confident we can do that. And I think we have a track record of doing that, given our expense profile.
Operator: And then, we'll go to line of Sid Sinha with Canaccord Genuity.
Siddharth Sinha - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: A quick question on the Android ecosystem. We’re seeing share shifts from the leading Android OEMs towards the Chinese OEMs. I just want to see, longer-term these share shifts, what kind of implications they have on Skyworks sales into this market?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, our position in the market really is operating-system agnostic, so to speak. We certainly, we partner with the leaders and we also partner with a broad set of end customers and chipset partners. So our business in China, as Dave outlined, has been strong. We are very well diversified. We're also seeing, fortunately, a lot of the China brands move into additional emerging markets like India, like Latin America, which creates a second level. So the operating system environment doesn't change that much in terms of what we offer. We are -- with respect to chipsets, we have a strong position with partners like Qualcomm. We have a very good position with MediaTek. We're excited about their LTE launches. We have position with more of the true local brands in China like Spreadtrum. So I think we're -- we've got our bases covered with respect to that. And we have quite a bit of revenue in the Android ecosystem as well.
Siddharth Sinha - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Just as a follow-up, a lot of focus on integrated mobile systems and on the SkyOne family. This portfolio has other products, too, like pads, transmit modules, et cetera. So within the integrated mobile systems portfolio, what would you say is the fastest-growing component of that business? And would it be fair to assume that pads are still the largest piece of that business?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, I mean, by definition, it really is a systems based portfolio. So there are elements of pads. We also have some very, very interesting devices that don't have any amplifiers in terms of transmit chain. We have diversity of receive technology. We have highly advanced Wi-Fi and GPS technology that are often woven together into system solutions. The pad portfolio is exciting for us. We've done a lot of innovative things. We are now able to leverage our temp comp assets with Panasonic. I think that's not only helping us win new business, but really, as Don outlined, giving us a bit of room in margins as well. So we're excited about that. And I think you should expect more and more from us when you look at some of these new bands and frequencies that we've been talking about.
David J. Aldrich: And I'd add, we're seeing a very high attach rate in addition to SkyOne and pads, a very high attach rate with our Wi-Fi solutions with our power management and our lighting and display. So as I mentioned earlier, we've moved the business kind of from a transmit module into transmit filtering, advanced switching, and then capturing more and more of the overall content. And by virtue of our system sell and the relationships we have with many of our customers, we're able to sell the entire footprint, increasingly selling the entire footprint.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I'm wondering now that the full year is complete, if you can give us an idea of what you're greater-than-10% customer mix looks like. And as we roll forward here with the strength in China, are some of these Chinese OEMs getting large enough, such that your customer concentration risk is going down? Or do you think rolling forward here, it roughly remains the same?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Alex. I'll just give you the -- I mean, we haven't published it yet, but it's -- there were 2. There'll be 2 top-10% customers for '14, and that's Foxconn and Samsung.
David J. Aldrich: And we are -- you're absolutely -- I think the nature of your question is spot on. We are seeing more diversification as these indigenous OEMs within China -- which we're selling to all, virtually all of them. As they continue to increase their market share, we're seeing more and more customer diversification, and as we continue to sweep in more content, we're seeing more technology and product diversification within those customers.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-on with regard to the product diversification, you mentioned mobile payments. It caught me by surprise there. I'm kind of wondering what you're attachment is to mobile payments. And then also, you seem incrementally more upbeat on Bluetooth, ZigBee, Internet of Things, while at the same time, your gross margin profile is looking very strong. Can you help me understand how defensible you see those Internet of Things applications and what those means to your gross margin profile?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think mobile -- I'll tag team this with Liam. I think mobile payments was really just for us an example, kind of the ecosystem and following the money and what's driving more of the need for performance and the need for more investment in mobility, both through the Internet of Things, mobile devices as well as the infrastructure. So it's just another driver behind -- that validates the economics of having high-performance mobile devices.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, exactly. And I think, as we go forward, Alex, you see things like GPS technology becomes part of mobile payments. But the real theme here is just the richness of content and kind of the user-model changing to the point where a smartphone is a must-have device. It represents an enterprise device. It's a device for e-commerce. It's a device that fuels many of the social media companies with their advertising dollar. So it's our job to make those products better and faster. And with our OEMs and our relations with chipset providers, we have very good insight into what the next-generation architectures look like, and fortunately, it dovetails quite well with our R&D investments.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, just wanted to ask, a very strong second half, I think, driven by broad markets increasing content in some of the major smartphone platforms. But on the smartphone ramp, as you look at customer forecasts, have you seen any indications that might suggest that the smartphone guys are building the inventory here ahead of year end, and that could come back and cause, perhaps, greater-than-normal seasonality in the March quarter? Or do you think that these guys are selling about as -- they're selling them as fast as they can build them?
David J. Aldrich: Well, that's a great question. Let me answer it from inventory visibility since we ship to virtually everybody, and we look at the sell-in and sell-through of our distribution partners, contract manufacturers and the like. And it's very lean, very lean in the component channel and in the chipset inventory channel. So there is no -- at that tactical level there is no evidence at all that anything is being built in excess. We also look at the -- and we constantly look at the inputs we're getting from our customers and try to handicap those to be realistic with sell-through from the carrier. We think we've got that right. And we do -- when I've mentioned earlier that we model, particularly emerging markets, China specifically, conservatively, that's what I mean. We handicap all those inputs. And then we try to come up with kind of a common denominator that make sense to us, given sell-through at the carrier level, and I think we're going to be fine.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just for Don, you raised incremental gross margin to 52%. Wondering is that really just a fiscal '15 phenomena as you bring in the Panasonic JV and you no longer have to share the margins? Or is 52%, is that a good level to use beyond fiscal '15?
Donald W. Palette: No, that's -- we're telling you to model that for your foreseeable future. I don't know how many years you're modeling out. But it's absolutely -- part of it's Panasonic, but also this mix shift. And it’s also, when you look at more and more systems complexity that's being -- the complexity of the phones, our ability to design and win share with the right systems, all that has accretive margins. So that's really what you're seeing in '15 and beyond. So 52% is the number to use in your models, it's not just a 1-year phenomena.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, it's real simple. Less discrete PAs. More integrated mobile within our mobile business and then, more vertical markets and broad markets which have longer product life cycles and consistently higher margins.
Donald W. Palette: Yes.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I had a question. So you're obviously growing 28% year-over-year, good growth. But as you look at 2015 with a quantum growth with LTE and receive side integration, what's the dollar content opportunity you see on LTE-Advanced versus LTE?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, we are seeing -- just to kind of backtrack a bit, as I outlined before, 2G to 3G in China could represent $1.50 incremental for us. When you get into 4G, you have opportunities, whether it's 3 mode 5 mode, to go into the $3 to $4 range. And some of the richer global Tier 1s, those numbers are 2xed. So we see in a high-volume kind of diversified opportunity in China, which we talked about, lot of good opportunities there. We're getting design wins. We're laying it out with our amplifier technologies, our system technology switching, GPS, all of those devices and technologies we mentioned. But with a larger global Tier 1 we saw -- again, there's a tremendous reach there that we can see. So we see the opportunity to grow share and continue on a growth rate consistent with what we've outlined.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And as you look out, where are you adding capacity? And actually the top line is growing so fast, do you still intend to keep capacity flexible there with the foundry?
Donald W. Palette: Well, part of the reason that we're ramping capacity is based on market demand and our visibility to that demand. Vijay, what we always try to do is we try to balance the hybrid model. So that when we're adding capacity, again, we're trying to keep that mix between what we outsource and what we manufacture ourselves at the right kind of percentages that gives us the best answer. So that's what you're seeing when we're expanding the capacity.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Don, how much revenue is Panasonic in the December guide? Are we talking 10 to 15 or more than that?
Donald W. Palette: Well, less than that. About $1.5 million.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Okay. Great. And then, in terms of capacity, how do you feel about your TC-SAW capacity at Panasonic now? How much of the CapEx that you announced would be going into the filter fab versus GaAS? And are you selling the product outside of the company or are you consuming it all internally? And then Dave, is the use of debt off the table for acquisitions or it is something you'd consider?
Donald W. Palette: I'll start, Ed, with the CapEx question. And while we haven't specifically guided CapEx, again, any CapEx level for 2015 is going to be based on the demand that we see. So we would expect it to probably be at a level similar to '14. And there will be a piece of that, that's tied to CapEx for filter expansion. So it's going to be a part of that. Very little to date, obviously, we just closed the transaction, but it's going to be a piece of that in Q1 and Q2 of 2015.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. Let me just add to that, to Don's comments. And we see the appetite for our TC technology to be incredible. I mean, we're very pleased with what we've seen so far with this JV. And when we look at designs that will launch this time next year, we fully expect additional TC content and expanding customers.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Liam, is all that appetite inside? Or do you have -- are us selling it on the outside yet and do you plan to?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, for the most part, we're looking at TC as a enabler for some of our system solutions. If opportunities come out, outside of that, that's a potential. But right now we're focused on the higher-end, higher-grade, performance-rich integrated systems.
Donald W. Palette: And just, Ed, as a comment on the revenue. That's why, when you're modeling us going forward, that $1.5 million at that, our contractual requirements are done, and so for the rest of '15, at this point, we are assuming it's all internal. There's no external revenue.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Mike Burton with Brean Capital.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: First on SkyOne, I was wondering if you could give us some progress on SkyOne. How many customers like this, where the good competition is? And how big can this integrated approach become as a percent of industry designs or percent of Skyworks revenues? And what kind of impact would that have on Skyworks' growth and operating margin?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well SkyOne, as we exited Q4, we now have 7 platforms in production with SkyOne today. So that number has moved up through the year, and it will continue to grow into 2015. And Mike, as we've talked about in the past, and if you think of SkyOne as a platform approach, it's highly configurable and customizable. We are seeing an increasing appetite for integrated systems across our customer base. So this type of solution has really worked well. And again, we think of that flexibility, and our applications and engineering teams work to truly configure a device that works for a specific customer; one-at-a-time has been a real differentiator for us, and we expect it to grow into '15. And back to our last comment, technologies like TC-SAW now will be readily available for us to populate SkyOne. And I think that, that's been missing link in some cases, and it takes us to the next level of performance. We're excited about that opportunity, which we should see, again, for several years to come.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the margins on SkyOne? And then also, you mentioned broad-based strength in both the preliminary September results and now for the December guidance. I believe you generally see an inventory correction at your largest Korean customer. Can you confirm if both of your 10% customers were up in September, and your outlook for them in December?
David J. Aldrich: They were both up in September quarter, and we expect an increase in December quarter as well.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, and we've -- as Dave outlined, comments about handicapping the outlook, I mean, that goes for all of our customers. We don't anticipate any impact of inventory connection with any of our lead customers.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was on a couple of calls, so I apologize if I ask something that was asked already. One of the things you mentioned in your press release was, I think, on 802.11ac going to something like 9 streams. And I was hoping you could lay out for us what that opportunity looks like in terms of dollar content, in the same way that you might say from a 3G phone to 4G, you're doubling dollar content. How many of the routers you've shipped to so far are sort of older lower stream count? How many are higher? And what's that sort of jump there?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Steve, yes, I mean, so what you're seeing now is 11ac is a technology that rapidly expands data rates. You're seeing it in routers and you're now seeing it in smartphones and tablets. For us, what it is, it's a MIMO technology: multiple in/multiple out. So actually you can triple or 6x or 9x the number of streams. So there are devices today that we've noted, design wins that have just launched into production that are now available in some of the retail stores that have Skyworks content that can go to $6 to $8. It's a big part of our story now in Wi-Fi. These are solid margin, above-corporate-average accretive margin parts. And the 11ac access point market is still in its infancy, so that's an upgrade cycle that will go on for years. We're going to benefit from that.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And then, as I look at pricing in the industry, obviously you're talking about much better margins here, and even some of your competitors are looking at much better margins. As I look at pricing, can you talk a little bit about what that might have looked like historically, as you had more intense competition. Was it -- you'd see 10% annual price declines? And how that looks as we move more to a SkyOne solution, where it seems like that would be more of just a custom win versus any really price competition?
Donald W. Palette: Yes. I can give you that. Historically, we run usually anywhere from 7% to 8% on an annual basis. And I think -- I'll let Liam talk to the systems. It's certainly going to be below that on the integrated systems piece.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes -- no, absolutely. I mean, I think, clearly, moving to these integrated solutions, they are not replaceable and they're not commodities. I mean, they're far from it. And I think customers value not only the device itself, but our ability to architect these solutions, uniquely wrap it up with technical support, just a complete sale and engagement. And I think we've seen our ASPs benefit from this.
Donald W. Palette: And Steve, to your point, the one thing is that, when you talk about competitors' margins and the increase we just guided to and the increase increment, it just points to a much healthier overall market dynamic that you're seeing.
Operator: Next, we'll go to JoAnne Feeney with ABR Investment Strategy.
JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC: Just one more follow-up question, really, on that pricing issue. As you go to integrated, you're replacing discrete parts. Does the combined trade-off leave you with higher content? Or is it more that you may sacrifice a bit of content, but you have a much stronger position because those are harder to replace? How do you see that moving forward as the industry has become more consolidated?
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you. The way to think about it is that if you look at the band count, if you look at these complex switching architectures and so on, what we're able to do is we're able to consistently add more content. So our ASP per phone in each successive model over the last few years, and projected in the next few years, is going up. But we're providing a lot more functionality. So the play for Skyworks is that we see fewer competitors competing for components because our customers aren't sourcing their architectures that way. They're looking for a system. So we were able to, first, facilitate more bands, more complexity, more switch arms and so on, get more dollar content while providing a great deal more value to the customer. And then, as we're architecting the system in the transmit side, we move to the receive side. We sweep in Wi-Fi. We sweep in lighting and display, buck-boost type power management devices, and the entire performance of the system becomes highly dependent on Skyworks and the overall system becomes very sticky to the customer.
JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC: Great, that's helpful. And then that's leading into the follow-up question. So clearly, winning a lot of analog parts in the smartphone or in wireless equipment. Can you separate out and describe your strategy and your opportunity right now, your size of opportunity for analog beyond those things connected to mobility, whether it's on the equipment side or on the device side? And what your strategy is going forward to that perhaps diversify in that direction?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, JoAnne. Yes, I mean, we do have our growing analog portfolio in markets like infrastructure. Okay. So we're seeing a rollout, specifically in China right now, with Huawei and LTE building out the wireless infrastructure ecosystem that's supporting all this data that we been talking about. So that's one market. We're looking at markets and now have design wins in automotive. We think that's a real attractive market for Skyworks. We have a lot of technology that's applicable and we're starting to win. We have a little bit of business in military and avionics, and so those are markets that we're going to continue to pursue. And the benefit for us is that core analog technology is scalable. It doesn't require a whole reinventing of the wheel for us to participate, and we're starting to see more and more leverage with what we've already done and what we've learned in our traditional markets and bringing that to the next level of verticals.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you very much, everyone, for participating today. And I look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti -  David J. Aldrich - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - President
Analysts: Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division Sujeeva De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC, Research Division JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets Canada Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Stephen Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Third Fiscal Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the resulting guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation with GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered very strong financial results again in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, exceeding our upwardly revised guidance. I'm proud of our achievements during the quarter and particularly pleased with the broad-based strength in demand. Our continuing outperformance reflects the sound underlying industry trends in our served markets and underscores the effectiveness of our diversification strategy and our execution. At a high level, our business results are being fueled by a surge in global adoption of connectivity in all its forms across a diverse set of end markets. We are riding a wave of powerful underlying market forces, all enabled by the availability of efficient, high-performance connectivity solutions. Among these are: The enabling of billions of unconnected users with the first time Internet access in the emerging economies; advancing new forms of content delivery, such as streaming music services, on-demand media and over-the-content distribution; supporting cloud services and mobile e-commerce; and fueling the growth of the Internet of Things. All of these megatrends are in their early stages, and Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize, leveraging a broad portfolio of specialized technologies, advanced system integration capabilities and unmatched operational efficiency. These core competencies enable us to deliver differentiated, customized solutions translating directly into superior financial returns for the company. During the quarter, we generated revenue of $587 million. That's up 35% year-over-year and ahead of our updated guidance of $570 million. We produced operating income of $179 million, that's up 60% from a year ago. We posted operating margins of 30.5%, surpassing the mid-term target profitability model we set in fiscal 2013. We produced EPS of $0.83, that's up 54% versus a year ago, and we repurchased 1 million shares of our common stock and paid a quarterly dividend of $0.11 per share. And finally, we guided to $1 of earnings per share for the fourth quarter. By all measures, Q3 was an outstanding quarter, and we see our momentum continuing. I'll provide more color on some of our specific growth opportunities later in the call. But now I'll turn it over to Don for a more in-depth review of our financial results and our outlook.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone. Revenue for the third quarter was $587 million, ahead of our upwardly revised outlook, and up 34.6% versus the year-ago quarter. Gross profit was $266.6 million or 45.4% of revenue, and that's 140 basis point increase from the year-ago quarter. The upside to guidance was driven by the better-than-expected top line contribution, coupled with strength in our integrated systems solutions portfolio. Operating expenses were $87.5 million, consisting of R&D expense of $53.8 million and SG&A expense of $33.7 million. We generated $179.1 million of operating income, yielding a 30.5% operating margin. That represents a 480 basis point increase versus the year-ago quarter. Operating profits were up 60% year-on-year as we leveraged operating expenses, reaped the benefits of recent capital investments and continued to expand our margin-enhancing custom integrated solutions and precision analog products. Cash tax rate for the third quarter was 10.2%, producing net income of $160.8 million or $0.83 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.03 better than our updated guidance. Now let's turn to the balance sheet and cash flow statement. Generated $199 million in cash flow from operations, invested $68 million in capital expenditures in support of upcoming demand forecast, and the majority of that was deployed to expand our assembly and test capabilities. Depreciation was $24 million. We repurchased 1 million shares of our common stock during the quarter, representing a $41 million investment. Our share repurchases reflect the confidence we have in our business outlook, which we believe represents a highly attractive use of cash. And finally, we exited the quarter with $893 million in cash and no debt. For the third quarter of fiscal 2014, power amplifiers represented 41% of revenue; integrated mobile systems was 33%; and broad markets was 26%, and that's roughly in line with the percentages from the first half of 2014. It's worth noting that these percentages can fluctuate on a quarterly basis. And as a result, we believe it's more important to focus on longer-term directional trends in these categories. Turning to our fourth quarter business outlook. Based on our backlog, we expect fourth quarter revenue to be between $670 million and $900 million, reflecting broad-based strength driven by new product ramps, content gains, growth across the emerging markets, ongoing 802.11ac deployments and expanding set of opportunities within the Internet of Things. At the midpoint of $680 million, we suggest modeling gross margin in the 45.5% to 46% range with operating expenses of approximately $92 million. It's worth pointing out that our guidance for the September quarter includes an extra week of operating expenses this year, which is a normal occurrence for us approximately every sixth year on the fiscal calendar. We estimated around $3 million of our fourth quarter operating expense will be attributable to the extra week. Below the line, we anticipate $100,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses, and a cash tax rate of around 11%. Looking ahead to fiscal 2015, we suggest modeling a cash tax rate of around 13%. We expect share counts to be around 194.5 million shares, resulting in fourth quarter EPS of $1 at the mid-point of the revenue range. Our EPS guidance represents a 56% year-over-year increase and the sixth consecutive quarter above 20% year-over-year earnings growth, reflecting sustained strength and demand for our products, our differentiation in the marketplace and the consistency of our execution. We remain on track to close our joint venture with Panasonic before the end of the fiscal year. Post-close, Skyworks will own a controlling interest in the performance leader and TC SAW filters with cumulative shipments approaching 0.25 billion units. We expect the venture to broaden our technology portfolio, further enrich our systems capabilities and enhance our financial returns. And just as a reminder, we anticipate the transaction will provide at least 100 basis points of gross margin accretion in fiscal 2015. We continue to see tremendous earnings potential ahead. We expect the combination of above-market top line growth, gross margin expansion and earnings leverage to fuel continued outperformance in our financials, putting us on a path of $5 in annualized EPS over the next couple of years. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Don. So to put the strength of our recent results into a broader context, I'd like to spend just a few minutes addressing one of the key questions that we often hear from investors: What are the specific factors powering our accelerating growth and expanding profitability, and more importantly, can they continue? Well, at a high level, we see a powerful combination of content gains, new market penetration and share consolidation fueling our performance. In fact, we're actively engaged right now in architecting platforms for deployment in 2015 and '16, which provide us with a unique vantage point into the market dynamics that will fuel our growth over the years to come. To be more specific, starting with the mobile market, we see 3 key drivers. First, the number of operating frequencies is trending higher. In support of improved service coverage and higher data rates, we see band content continuing to rise across high-end mid-tier and entry level 4G LTE devices. This drives greater addressable content throughout our entire product lines. Second, system complexity continues to rise. The combined impact of band proliferation and the adoption of sophisticated new techniques, including advanced antenna architectures, carrier aggregation, tuning and filtering, is resulted -- resulting in a rapid shift away from discrete components and is towards more customized and integrated solutions, which sweep in adjacent analog content, and Skyworks is absolutely at the forefront of this transition. Third, our addressable content continues to expand. OEMs are increasingly focused on new ways to improve signal quality and download speeds to support seamless access to on-demand content, streaming media and cloud-based services. And this is driving more complex downlink architectures and creating entirely new growth avenues for us in the receive path. In addition, we're continuing to broaden our portfolio of mobile analog products in areas like power management, backlighting and GPS, and are seeing increasing customer contract -- customer traction here. Outside of mobile, we also see a number of positive trends. First, data capacity requirements are growing dramatically. Next-generation connectivity standards like 802.11ac with multiple transmit and receive channels drive even higher performance levels, resulting in significant content for Skyworks, not only in routers but also in set-top boxes. We see it in media gateways, network storage devices and other high-performance networking applications. Second, connectivity is expanding into brand-new device categories. These include wearable electronics, fitness and wellness applications, and new opportunities within the Connected Home like lighting, like security and automation. These all serve to enhance our diversification by providing new incremental growth avenues for Skyworks. And finally, our vertical market penetration is increasing. We've spent the last decade investing significant resources and leveraging our technology to expand our presence in traditional analog markets like automotive, medical and industrial. We have established significant traction in these higher-margin growth avenues, and we see tremendous opportunity ahead. It's worth noting that the growing -- the growth of our precision analog business has kept pace with the strong growth in our mobile segment over the last few years. And I think equally important is our ability to convert these strong top line growth trends into superior financial returns. Over the last few years, we've established a solid track record of doing so, significantly outperforming the analog semiconductor market by all measures. Since 2010, we've more than doubled our revenue. We've expanded profit margins by over 600 basis points, and we've surpassed our 30% operating margin. We've grown earnings per share at a 25% compounded rate, and we've consistently posted over 20% returns on invested capital. These metrics are a testament not only to our execution and the inherent operational efficiency of our flexible business model, but also to our growing statue within the overall value chain as customers recognized that connectivity has become a key factor in defining the overall user experience. We see all of these drivers creating an addressable market that is growing at least at the mid-teens pace which, when combined with the earnings leverage in our business model, result in significant earnings power over the next 2 to 3 years. Hopefully, our call today and these comments has provided a better sense of the positive underlying drivers for our business and why we have such high confidence in our prospects for 2015 and beyond. Okay. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just had a couple of questions. First, I guess, is you're coming off of a very big June quarter. Now we're looking at a another great big September quarter. I know it's broad based, but can you just highlight the top 2 or 3, 1 or 2 upside drivers there? And part of that question, too, is should we assume, as we look into the December quarter, that we revert to sort of a more normal seasonal pattern for you guys? Or some of those mega trends that you mentioned, Dave, and something changed fundamentally? Have we kind of shifted to the sort of a higher growth pattern for the foreseeable? That's my first question.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you very -- great question. Well, first of all, I am delighted to see that this strength is very broad based. We're seeing it in all of our business segments today. Probably the biggest driver is an uptake in the content-rich integrated mobile systems. We provided that split for you a couple of quarters ago. We're seeing a lot of growth there, and it's a direct result of architectures getting much more complex. We've also seen strong growth in our broad markets business. I think mentioned it, I don't think it's no small feat that we've been growing the broad market business as fast as we've been growing mobile, and that really says something in this industry. And it's being driven by 802.11ac deployments, new vertical market opportunities, we call it IOT, but there are a slew of them, and we've got a strong foothold and they continue to grow. And just -- as a marker, our broad markets portfolio year-to-date is up 26%. And we do see success within one of our largest customers by adding content in some flagship models.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And so, Dave, that leads you to my second question. I don't know how much color you can give us on this, but you guys have obviously been capitalizing on that trend for greater RF complexity content. Can you give us any color or any sense how much of that growth with your -- one of your or your biggest customers is coming from, just units looking better versus your guys' increased content there?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I would say across the board that when we look at high-end smartphones and even entry-level smartphones in markets like China, we're seeing a dramatic uptake in the analog content, that we call integrated mobile systems. We're sweeping in more and more GPS, very complex, switching architectures using Silicon-on-Insulator. The transmit chain is becoming more complicated, carrier aggregation is adding more switch content, and we're doing a really nice job with our power lighting and display products. We're seeing display drivers, we're seeing camera flash devices for -- and so I think it's really much more the latter, which is just continuing to see this increase in complexity driving our business. And we are truly the only player out there today that can wrap all that functionality either into an MCM or some IC level. We're quite unique, and that's why we're taking share.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Just to follow on to that question, just to -- I don't think I heard the answer on the seasonal trends you expect into the December quarter given the very strong results, and one of your customers, it sounds like, is in a big ramp here into their new product launches. Just how should we think about normal -- or seasonal trends into the December quarter?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I guess, let me reiterate, our growth is not being driven by any single OEM or any single platform. It's quite broad-based, and it's a little early to talk about December, but I see nothing to deter us from thinking the December will be another up quarter and that the market will be strong and will be stronger than the market, and that's been relatively consistent for us. These underlying trends will continue in December and beyond.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then, just a question on the model -- and congratulations for blowing through the targets you set 2 years ago, and now it's a $5 annual run rate target. Don, can you just help us think on modeling what was the time horizon for maybe the $5 run rate and is the 13% tax rate what we should think about for the next couple of years as you go towards that target?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Mike it is. And as you model us going forward, you can expect a lot of the same dynamics that we've talked about in the model over the last couple of years. I mean, it's all based on the top line growth opportunity, so that's -- and you start with those assumptions. And the gross margin will continue depending on what level of revenue growth, you'll drop the margin to 49%. We're going to continue to see operating leverage. And the goal of $5 in annualized EPS, if you take it off of the $680 million that we just guided, it's going to require -- and you do modest increases in the OpEx on a quarterly basis because we'll continue to make some investments. It will require growth of about 20% to 25%. That's the best way to think about it. And if you do that, you can run different scenarios and get a feel for the time frame.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, I know you gave a very good overview of the content expansion story of -- at Skyworks. I think there has been some concern about the China market, perhaps, an overbuild of LTE. And I know you mentioned that your growth is not just one market, that it's more broad-based. But have you seen any overbuild of LTE in that particular market? And for you to report an up quarter in December, is it necessary for that specific market to grow very fast?
David J. Aldrich: Well, Vivek, I would say, if I look at the big picture, we are in the early days of a very large upgrade cycle that's going to be multi-years within China, and we've been talking about this opportunity for a long time. Just a couple of interesting statistics. There are over 1 billion mobile subscribers in China, and over half of them still use 2G. And of course, we benefit tremendously from content gains as 2G goes to 3G, and we benefit again at 4G and with the smartphone. And as you know, we're well positioned there. We've got terrific relationships with all of the leading baseband providers there, and we are adding in a lot -- analog content just as we are elsewhere. That being said, there will be winners and losers among the device OEMs, that's for sure. And as we've seen over the years in the past, we find that we need to really handicap our demand forecast. We've got a good track record of doing that. We take a conservative approach when we factor it into our outlook, and we're quite comfortable where we are today, but you raised a good point on the risk of over driving in some -- with some customers.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And I had a question not on fundamentals but on the stock. It's obviously done very well. But I'm amazed that it's really being driven more by a very solid earnings growth and there hasn't been as much P/E multiple expansion. Why is that? And what can you do to help expand the P/E multiple in the stock?
David J. Aldrich: Well, that's an interesting question coming from an analyst. I think what we can do is consistently meet or exceed our guidance and try to be as transparent as we possibly can of what's driving the growth, and it's been long term for us. We take a very long-term strategic view of our business, and we think we're positioned extremely well. I don't think we've ever been positioned as well as we are today for the long term.
Operator: We'll go next to Harsh Kumar with Stephens Inc.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Dave, I wanted to ask you a question. Towards the end of your comment, you mentioned you see, if I'm correct, a mid-teens industry growth for the parts and pieces of semi business that you play in. I'm curious why you don't think it's a higher growth sector? You just put up tremendous numbers. You're probably solidly in the 20% plus range for growth, teens the year before. Why is that number not higher?
David J. Aldrich: I think it could be higher, but I think you ought to think about it as being in that range. But I absolutely -- I fully believe you could be right, it could be higher.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, Dave, a lot of people have already asked about where the strength is coming from. Let me ask you a different question. You are very optimistic about the Internet of Things. Is there any piece you feel that you're missing whether it's the computing piece or some other area that you feel like there's a hole in your portfolio to adequately go out and capture that market?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I'll let Liam help me with that one. We've done -- we're reasonably happy with the content we've been able to add. It is broad. It's broad in the competition. But there are some pieces that we'd like to add to the portfolio. We are investing in sensors. We're investing in advanced switch architectures, and so we continue to push very hard into new areas that we think leverage our system capability and analog.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. And as a follow on, and the IOT story is really early innings. And we are very well positioned with some of our core technologies, our 802.11 technology, our ZigBee technology, some of our advanced switching. And even packaging is important now as you look at these size-reduced applications. So we like our position within IOT, but we're very keen on expanding our footprint either organically or through some partnerships.
Operator: We have a question from Suji De Silva with Topeka.
Sujeeva De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First of all, a couple of months since 2 of your larger competitors merged. I wanted to know if anecdotally you've seen any changes in the environment in terms of the design wins behavior and so forth? Or if nothing has really happened yet material?
David J. Aldrich: No. The short answer is no. I believe -- we've said in the last quarter, I think consolidation is very healthy for our industry particularly when -- along competitors that have excess capacity. It's just not healthy to have empty fabs, and so we're really happy to see it. But the fact remains that there are fewer and fewer competitors with the capabilities to deal with the system requirements that our customers are asking for today. So I think you're going to see more consolidation coming. The component of supply chain that had been popular in this business just doesn't work anymore. And I guess, I'd end it with we've done big mergers and they take a lot of time, resources and focus. So I think it's a good question.
Sujeeva De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then question for Don, perhaps. I know you guys just introduced the dividend, but can you talk about what's your kind of metrics are for -- if you would increase that, how you'd think about the payout ratio and so forth?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, I mean, we're constantly looking at our capital structure. The earnings are strong. We're generating a lot of cash. We've really been focused on that 40% return to shareholders, and we're doing that with the combination of the dividend and share buybacks. We think that's working really well. There's no doubt that as earnings continue to grow, we're going to be looking at increasing the dividend over time. As far as the specifics of what that ratio is, we're not going to get into that, but clearly that is something we're going to do over time.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: And pretty impressive that you kind of skipped over the $4 target and right onto $5. Two parters. One for Don and one for Liam. Going to make sure Liam is involved. On the $5 annual run rate, Don, what do you think -- in terms of longer-term OpEx, what kind of growth you would need to achieve that $5? And then, if Liam won't mind, maybe you could talk a little bit about SkyOne and kind of recent design activity there.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the way to think of the growth rate on the $5, as I said, is it's probably going to take 20% to 25% off of that $680 million, and that's impacted by multiple things. That depends on the year and the tax rate. So we said that approximately to use 13%. If, in fact, it would go beyond the year, it could be a little higher rate of maybe 14%, 14.5%. So dependent on what year you're putting in those growth rates. As far as OpEx, we just guided $92 million. Now $3 million of that is a onetime event because of the calendar, so you'd start with -- that's kind of an $89 million of an expense level. And from that, we're going to have modest growth over time. So you want add $750 million a quarter or a number like that in expenses, 150K, that -- maybe $1 million. But you can run some scenarios and you get a real good feel for when that's achievable.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Tony. And with respect to SkyOne, that continues to be a strategic part of our integrated systems portfolio. We're very pleased today that customers, increasingly, have an appetite for these advanced systems that we bring to market. And the complexity that Dave articulated, it's really going up. So our ability to go in and really take that RF chain, sweep-in filtering, sweep-in power management and provide a customized solution, we're seeing some value there. Also, we've been adding customers. We have 4 customers in production today, 5 or 6 on the hook for new designs going into 2015. We're pleased that we just added Nokia's Lumia suite of smartphones to our list, and we look forward to accelerated growth and continued design wins success in 2015.
Operator: We now have a question from Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: I wanted to come back to the Panasonic announcement and just get your point of view on the benefits of that deal for, one, your technology capabilities. And then related to that, what do you think it does from a TAM expansion or customer expansion standpoint for the business?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Craig. Well, first of all, we've recognized for years the importance of filters and all flavors. And as Dave mentioned in the past, there really are many different frequencies, many different applications and a variety of filter technologies that can be deployed. For us, today, we love the asset that we're about to require here with Panasonic. It brings surface acoustic wave devices, also temperature compensated SAW devices that truly hit the sweet spot today of some critical frequencies. So what we can do with Panasonic is expand our portfolio; create a footprint for PA, SAW and filtering technologies; immediately lever us back in the design wins that we'll launch in 2015 and beyond; and build out a suite and a platform for us to go further into higher frequencies, more selectivity, higher performance levels with the engineering team and the production capacity that we have there.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: And the follow-up would be for Don related to Panasonic. Once you have Panasonic in house, does it change the way we think about the incremental gross margins on the business as you gain synergies with that capability?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Craig. The 49% we -- before we said, used 48%, so the 49% already incorporates that extra point of margin. And certainly, our goal over time, well, to do better than that, but we're not -- we're suggesting modeling the 49%, but we're always striving to do better than our initial targets for sure.
Operator: We have a question from Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I want to -- if my math is correct, your inventory days have fallen to about 55, which is the lowest that I can see in quite some time. Can you reflect upon your ability to meet incremental demand, maybe where you are in terms of capacity utilization and your thinking around how you're going to do your mix of internal, external going forward?
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Alex. Yes, it's -- you're looking at days, we look at turns, same thing. But yes, our turns were very, very good this quarter. Part of that is we were getting some really strong demand inputs and we're ramping both our internal capacity and external capacity in the hybrid model as we speak, and we've been working that. So as a result, the inventory that we have, both in the hubs and the inventory that we have on hand, we're building just a little lean this quarter, that will get a little more robust as we move into the September and December quarter because we're ramping the supply chain as we speak. So those numbers are a little higher than they should normally be for us, and we're working through those issues. But at this point, we're working very effectively with the customers in order for them to meet the demand that they have.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: And then I know, Dave, you touched on some of the new analog wins and power management wins that are going on. Could we just, conceptually, think about what sort of percentage of your revenue, either this last quarter or going forward, might now be coming from, let's say, non-RF, your core competency and RF areas?
David J. Aldrich: Well, that would be the integrated mobile systems portfolio, which is everything we kind of -- including SkyOne, GPS, Wi-Fi that is in a smartphone device.
Donald W. Palette: It was 33%, which is pretty consistent with what we run in the first half.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just one here on gross margin, you guys have talked about gross margin expansion going forward and you listed some of the drivers, but I was hoping you could go into a little bit more details. Over the next 18 months to 2 years, what are going to be the main elements of the gross margin expansion?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Steve, it's going to continue to be us making select CapEx investments and being able to leverage the hybrid model and making sure that we're keeping the right percentage of internal versus external sourcing, and that gives us the right contribution. And so we do -- day to day, we're doing the blocking and tackling of looking at yields and looking at productivity and what we're spending, working our supply chain. Those were all things that we've done for a long, long period of time that have allowed us to be best in class in this space as far as the margins. But I think the real next step function for us is we're continuing to move the mix into more and more integrated mobile solutions where there's more complexity. Complexity for us drives profitability. And there's fewer and fewer people in the space that can do it, and so as that continues to grow the percent of revenue, it's going to be a nice step function for us as far as margin expansion.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just turning back to SkyOne. So your thoughts on what that could be sort of percentage of revenue may be exiting the calendar year. And then for more complex devices like that exiting 2015, where do you think the industry is in terms of adoption of that? It seems like it's still early days, but I'm just curious, your thoughts there.
Liam K. Griffin: Well, the complexity theme actually is accelerating. And we're -- there's a couple of leading OEMs that have forged the path, and you would be surprised to see how this is catching on with a number of customers. So we think the ability to deliver integrated mobile solutions, whether they be SkyOne or derivatives -- I'll also, back to our filter comment, we have a great deal of flexibility now in architecting these customized solutions, not only on the transmit side but also on the receive side of a smartphone. A lot of rich content there. So we think the complexity theme will continue. It's a small portion of the market today. We've been capitalizing, but our position there is outstanding. We have the core technology, we have the switching technology, GPS power, core RF. And then, also weaving in some of our packaging and assembly techniques makes it really special. So we look forward to this upgrade cycle throughout the industry, and it's still quite early.
David J. Aldrich: And one thing we've learned, when we first launched SkyOne 1.0, if you will, it was a highly integrated all bands that was intended to hit a swath of the market where companies would look for -- OEMs would look for that a solution, a complete integrated solution. And what we've learned is that doesn't work. What works is a SkyOne architecture that's very reconfigurable and customized. It's really good for our business because we know how to do that, but there isn't anybody out there who seems to have the very same idea as another major OEM in how they want to architect these systems. It's all quite unique.
Operator: Our next question will come from Quinn Bolton with Needham.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: But I just wanted to follow up on that last question. I guess, if we look out at the front end for mobile devices, it seems you've got 2 common architectures. One, sort of the broadband or MMPA; the other is the pad, moving to white band pads. Do you have a viewpoint? Is the industry going to stay diverse? Or do you think one of those architectures wins out over time? And if one of those architectures does win out, are you better positioned from a content perspective one way or the other? And then I got a follow-up for Don.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think that the -- if you will look at today, it seems that some form of a power amplifier duplexer or architecture made into a very complex receive set of products, switching and control products, seems to be gaining some traction. I think it's really a hybrid. As I mentioned earlier with SkyOne, what we've seen is SkyOne is very important with some combination of amplifier, duplexer, switching control and logic, and maybe voltage on the front end, maybe antenna tuning on the back end. That's where the architecture wants to go. That can be implemented with PADs, as well as discretes, or with an MMPA, and a couple of PADs, believe it or not, are overlaying some high-performance LTE bands with just a discrete PA. It is not one size fits all. But the trend is more integration and more integration and matching of PAs and filters and more customization on the receive path.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just for Don, just coming back to the dividend buyback policy. You get close to your $5 of EPS target. My quick calculation would say your cash from operations would be something around $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. Is 40% of that going to shareholders the right percentage? Or as you get closer to that $5 target, would you consider increasing the percent of cash flow that might be paid back to shareholders?
Donald W. Palette: That was the same question. You said the same thing twice, but I understand the question. Yes, as we continue to grow and as more and more dollar available to us, we're going to look at multiple options. It could continue to be an expansion of the share buyback and dividend expansion. Certainly, as earnings go up, the valuation of the company is going to go up. And if -- we would be looking at a certain yield potentially that would go up. And it's just going to -- we're going to continue to expand. We'll need CapEx dollars. So all of those things we'll do, and we like having enough cash available. We'll also fund anything that potentially happens externally where we want to grow from a nonorganic basis. So it's just a question of managing all those things in concert. And you're right, as the numbers continue to grow, you have different options. The key is -- the key to a strong balance sheet, strong cash flow is it's a competitive advantage. It gives us the strategic advantage, and we like that. So it gives a lot of options.
Operator: And next we have Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: If you look at Panasonic here, obviously, it's helping you reduce your cost of the packaging side, but where you see -- do you see incremental market share opportunity either with the SAW or TC SAW as incorporate that?
David J. Aldrich: I think the short answer is yes. And first of all, it's integral part of our PADs, our SkyOne and even our GPS modules. As I mentioned earlier on customization, no one size fits all. The majority of bands still use a SAW. There are more and more narrow band spacing where we can provide a great differentiated product with a TC SAW, and Panasonic is a performance and IP leader there, hands down. And we see a limited number of bands where we need to partner for BAW acoustic processes, which we are doing. So we have a complete offering, and I think we're the only company in the world that is offering modules that incorporate SAW, TC SAW and BAW. And so it not only gives us the ability to eliminate margin stacking as we buy filters, we now will produce them, but it also gives us a competitive advantage to move TC SAW into more and more bands.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And just a housekeeping question here. What is your 3G, 4G mix? And with the strong ramp here in the second [indiscernible], does the PA plus IMS mix versus analog shift quite a bit?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, on the 2G versus 3G, 4G, it really -- that's really not that meaningful of a number for us any moment. The 2G is sub-10%, and the rest of it is 3G, 4G. And as we move forward, yes, we would expect in the September, December quarter that the PA percentage would drop a little bit. That's still going to be growth year-over-year, and the integrated mobile systems would increase in the percentage. We would expand...
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I mean, the analog split would be about the same in broad markets basically.
Donald W. Palette: Broad markets would stay about the same percentage.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Burton with Brean Capital.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up on that last couple of questions on filters and BAW. David, if you could update us, how many suppliers do you currently have that you can get supply for BAW if you do need it. I know it's not something that's been a huge priority for you in the past. And then, as we've seen the shift to 4G in China, are you starting to see the Avagos and TriQuints start to compete in that market, which has really been you and RFMD in the past?
David J. Aldrich: Well, first, we're getting BAW now from 2 or 3, and I think that list will grow a little bit. I'm sorry, the second part of the question, we're seeing new competitors. You mentioned a couple. We have seen the competitor list within open market China drop dramatically. We used to have 15 competitors for discrete PAs and then other competitors for switches and other competitors for filters. We no longer see that. If you look at the reference design of MediaTek or QUALCOMM or others, you will see 1 or 2 suppliers capable of really capturing the bulk of that analog content. So I didn't think it's -- I think it's not as you have described, Mike. I think it's more the opposite there. And that's where we're gaining. The complexity in all of these smartphones, even the low-end smartphone, is making it impossible, very tough, if not impossible, for component-only companies to compete.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Very helpful. And then just a follow-up on -- there's been a few questions already on the SkyOne. But I'm just wondering, Liam, if you actually -- on the competitive landscape, do you see anything from QUALCOMM or RF Micro at this point? And would you actually view a successful offering from one of those guys actually as something that could actually accelerate that product category and today's point actually consolidate the market even further?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, sure. Well, I mean, certainly QUALCOMM has been in the space for a while. And as David pointed out, with the more preconfigured approach, CMOS driven approach that they featured, there may be some customers that will adopt that. But what we continue to see is performance really mattering now in this industry. It matters a lot. Efficiency matters and GaAs HBT has been critical to that. But we also weave in CMOS and SOI in a lot of our solutions as well. So we have a balance. I think what will happen, and we're seeing it already, and we talked about the market growth and the overall TAM expansion, is that this complexity theme is going up. The appetite for our customers to take upon more complex solutions delivered by OEMs, delivered by suppliers like Skyworks, I think, is there. But we're really not seeing any others offer that. It's a very, very small set of companies that have the architectural leadership, skill set, systems knowledge to deliver to this new hurl within mobile. And we think this hurl is going to continue to go up. Our customers are very pleased with what we've been able to do. And as I mentioned before, the appetite for this type of technology is increasing.
Operator: And we'll go next to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Liam, you mentioned expansion of capabilities especially integrated mobile products once Panasonic is in-house. Other than eliminating the stock margin issue, what can you do with Panasonic in-house that you couldn't do with them externally? Does it suggest that you'd be offering discrete filter products that don't include amplifiers and devices? Or just expands your flexibility in addressing more integrated products?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, it does a lot of things. I mean, it certainly does open up a discrete filter opportunity for us, and there's a number of things we can do there. You're quite familiar with the industry. There's products that can address Wi-Fi, there's frequency bands that we could sell discreetly. We fully intend to advance the technology and build platform of filtering capability, center of excellence SAW in Japan. We also get -- back to the core, we have usage within SkyOne, of course, usage within our PADs. And as you know, being able to design and couple your filters under the same roof as your PA team is critical. And that's an advantage. And then on the receive side, if you look at some of these diversity FEMS that we see with LNA and switch and many, many filters, that's a whole new opportunity for us to address. We've had some wins, but having a filter technology in-house is really going to accelerate our hit right there. So there's many, many ways to play Panasonic. Immediately, we see filling modules that we've already progressed on, but we see an opportunity to expand as I outlined.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Because in terms of TC SAW -- in terms of high-performance TC SAW, it's really only Panasonic and TriQuint. And TriQuint is probably going to be a bit distracted if you're coming here pretty quickly. So if you win in discrete market, it would seem like an opportunity that you could capitalize on given the shortage on this along...
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. No, that is right. And as I said, I mean, our goal is to try to move that forward into some of the higher frequencies, and we found, in many cases, appropriately designed TC SAW can take the space of BAW and perhaps even FBAR eventually.
Operator: Our next question is from Cody Acree with Ascendiant Capital.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And maybe, Liam, just following up on that, does that then eliminate any real thought of progressing your -- the Panasonic technology into BAW filters, And do you think you can manage everything you need with TC SAW?
Liam K. Griffin: No, we will keep an open mind to that. I mean, our goal is to leverage the platform. We have a great group of engineers that come with us in this JV. We've been adding designers, filter designers ourselves. We have incredible insight on how the power amplifier filter and the system works together. So our role here is to advance the technology at Panasonic. We'll take advantage of the IP. We'll continue to have partners as well to ensure that we have the best possible solution.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: How long might it be before you think you could advance to the tech to include BAW?
Liam K. Griffin: I think we could put the equivalent performance through Panasonic within the next 12 months.
Operator: Our next question is from JoAnne Feeney with ABR Investment.
JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC: If we go back to the revised guidance in early June and we look where we ended up now, what would you say made it challenging to be more aggressive when you made that revision? What changed in the month of June? Was there anything specifically? Was it something about which you have less visibility typically than other things? And then, how does that play into the guidance for this quarter?
David J. Aldrich: JoAnne, I'm not sure I understand. Are you asking why -- what happened to cause us to exceed the revised guidance? Or was there some other question?
JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC: Why wasn't it more predictable?
David J. Aldrich: Why wasn't the revision more predictable?
JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC: No, why wasn't the result after the revision something you were able to predict in June? Was the quarter more back-end loaded than usual? What changed basically?
David J. Aldrich: Well, we exceeded the revised guidance, but I think we exceeded it by a reasonable amount. So not that much change. I think we remain conservative whenever we provide an outlook, and things just happen more right than the opposite. That's all. It wasn't a huge difference.
Donald W. Palette: No, and from the original guidance to the updated guidance, we knew there was a potential for some improvement, but we needed some things to materialize before we were going to do that. That's really all it was.
JoAnne Feeney - ABR Investment Strategy LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the cost front, you said you knew -- you've asked your foundries, it sounded like to step up production. What are you seeing by the way of pricing from the foundries? There's still certainly some excess capacity out there. Has the pricing environment changed very much? And with the pricing declines, if you're seeing them keep up with any component price declines that you might be facing?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Yes, I mean, we have great relationships with our partners, our outside partners, foundries, et cetera; and they're pleased to see our demand. We haven't seen anything out of the ordinary on the pricing. We continue to work negotiations into 2015. And the fact that we have been driving a lot of results through our OEMs have put us in a very good position for those discussions.
Operator: And our next question is from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Two, if I could. First, on the broad markets. You said it should be a similar percentage. Just curious because a lot of the highlights for the quarter that you talked about in the press release were non-mobile. So I'm just curious on that business. How important is the 3G versus Wi-Fi for that segment of the business? And then, the second question, just going back to China. I love the perspective on impacts of 2 things. One, being the potential for more 3-mode now than 5-mode; and on the other side, more of an opportunity to talk about the other carriers getting FDD licenses, what do you think that could mean for that important end market?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. On the broad market piece, you asked about 3G and Wi-Fi. For us, broad market doesn't include any 3G. There's no cellular technology. So broad market for us is our advanced analog capabilities. It's PM, it's SOI switching, ZigBee, some Wi-Fi. And in that space, we have been growing. As we noted, 26% year-over-year, a number of end applications, some that we noted in the highlights from very creative IOT devices like Sonos [ph] high-def audio to Nest Thermostat's automotive opportunities, et cetera. There's a whole host of things. Networking and routers are all big parts of that story. And with respect to China, you had question on 3-mode and 5-mode. Yes, I mean, we monitor that split. And it's quite interesting because if you step back, and as David pointed out, half of that market or more than half is 2G. So a move to 3-mode is substantial, a move to 5-mode is perhaps even more substantial for us. But also remember, if you see more of a swing back to the 3-mode phone, where they drop FTE and WCDMA, they're typically sold at lower price points. So there could be a volume benefit to us there as well. But in any case, the China upgrade cycle is going to be substantial for us. We're starting to see a little bit of that now. 4G is a little bit late. It's back into our numbers, but multiple bands, multiples switching, a lot of content games will certainly be on the horizon.
Operator: And we have a question from Tom Sepenzis with Northland Capital.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: I think most of it has been asked at this point. But I'm just curious with QUALCOMM buying Wilocity, have you done any work at 60 gigahertz? Is that a market that you're thinking of going after for 60 gigahertz Wi-Fi?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, I mean, we've monitored that. We're a pretty substantial player in Wi-Fi. We work with QUALCOMM, we work with Broadcom and a number of the other players. We haven't done anything specifically there, but we are evaluating next leg technologies and certainly expect this to be a big part of our story for years.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: Do have any sense of the timing on when you think that will actually become a thing?
Liam K. Griffin: The 60-gig standard, no, I don't have any specific timeline for that.
David J. Aldrich: We predict it to be around the corner for about 8 years.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating today, and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Thank you, then. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter FY 2014 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Steve Ferranti: Thank you, Rick. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2014 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with the business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
Dave Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm happy to report that Skyworks delivered another very strong performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, outpacing normal seasonality and exceeding expectations across our key metrics. The combination of robust year-over-year revenue growth, earnings leverage and strong cash flow we posted in the seasonally soft March quarter is a clear testament to the benefits of our diversification strategy. All-in-all, I’m quite pleased with our accomplishments in the first half and expect our momentum to continue as our market footprint and customer engagement expand. The world is rapidly becoming more interconnected from the cloud to the data center, to wide area networks, into the enterprise and vertical markets and within the home. Skyworks is a key enabler of this global megatrend, providing custom analog solutions that facilitate connectivity across a wide range of communications protocol. These positive market dynamics create complementary growth opportunities for us with a new product categories like media gateways, like small cells and tablets, and in entirely new verticals like the enterprise, medical and automotive. And as analog design complexity rises, it creates the need for highly specialized systems, driving higher addressable content opportunities. We’re capitalizing on this today by leveraging our analog design expertise, expanding our product portfolio and integration capabilities, which when combined with our consistent execution, translates into superior financial results. Specifically during the quarter, we delivered revenue of $481 million that’s ahead of our guidance of $470 million and up more than 13% year-over-year. We produced operating income of $130 million, which is up over 30% from a year ago. And we posted $0.62 in earnings per share, that’s up 29% versus a year ago and our fourth consecutive quarter above 20% earnings growth. We generated $214 million in cash flow from operations which is another record for the company. And we also repurchased 2 million shares of our common stock and we announced the quarterly dividend of 11% per share. So in summary, Q2 was an excellent quarter for us across the board. Looking, ahead we see strong demand signal spending our end markets in 4G solutions for emerging market and new 802.11ac deployments in network infrastructure but connected home and other key vertical market opportunities. In short, fiscal 2014 is shaping up to be a very good year for Skyworks. With the opportunity pipeline we have in place, the stage is set for continued revenue growth, margin expansion and earnings leverage. So for more in-depth review of our financials, I’ll turn it over to Don for his commentary and his outlook.
Don Palette: Thanks Dave and thanks again for joining us everyone. Revenue for the second quarter was $481 million, ahead of our prior guidance and up more than 30% versus the year-ago quarter. Gross profit was $215.2 million or 44.7% of revenue, better than our prior guidance and up 250 basis points from a year ago quarter. Gross margin upside was driven by strong adoption of our integrated system solutions, margin accretive new product introductions and strength in key vertical markets. Operating expenses were $84.8 million consisting of R&D expense of $53.1 million to support organic growth initiatives and SG&A expense of $31.7 million. We generated $130.4 million of operating income yielding 27.1% operating margins, that’s a 370 basis point increase versus the year-ago quarter and it highlights the continued strength of our business model in our execution. Operator profits were up 31% year-on-year. And let’s put this in perspective. We have delivered an incremental of $107 million in revenue year-to-date versus the first half of fiscal 2013. We successfully converted this into $58 million in operating profits and that represents a 54% contribution margin as we leverage capital investments and reap the benefits of our margin enhancing integrated custom solutions and precision analog products. Cash tax rate for the second quarter was 9%, producing net income of $118.6 million or $0.62 of diluted earnings per share and that’s $0.03 better than our guidance. Turning to our second quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $214 million in cash flow from operations and invested $41.8 million in capital expenditures in support of upcoming program ramps. Depreciation was $21.7 million. We also repurchased 2 million shares of our common stock during the quarter, representing a $61.5 million investment. With the confidence we have in our business outlook, we continue to believe that repurchasing shares, common stock represent a highly accretive use of our cash. And finally, we exited the quarter with $798 million in cash and no debt. Now, let’s turn to our third quarter business outlook. Based on the order backlog we have in place today, we expect third quarter revenue to be $535 million and that’s up 23% year-over-year driven by strength in the emerging markets, content gains in key programs, 802.11ac deployments in an expanding set of opportunities within the internet of things. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin in the 45% range with operating expenses of approximately $86 million. Below the line, we anticipate $100,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and the cash tax rate around 10%. We project our tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of the 2014 fiscal year. We expect the share count to be around 193 million shares resulting in third quarter EPS of $0.73 and that’s up 35% year-over-year. It’s worth noting that our third quarter guidance represents our fifth consecutive quarter of about 20% year-over-year earnings growth, reflecting the strength of our demand for our products, our differentiation in the market place and the consistency of our execution. As Dave mentioned earlier, we initiated a quarterly dividend with initial payment set at $0.11 per share, implying roughly at 1.2% dividend yield. With the combination of the newly initiated dividend in our ongoing share repurchase activity, we are returning roughly 40% of free cash flow to shareholders, a pace which we believe strike the appropriate balance between internal investment for growth initiatives and shareholders returns. Finally, I’d like to briefly recap our previously announced revenue split, in order to provide investors with better visibility for the growth and profit drivers of our business. Last quarter, we highlighted three new subgroups, power amplifiers, integrated mobile systems and broad markets. For the first half of fiscal 2014, power amplifiers was 40% of revenue, integrated mobile systems was 33% and broad markets was 27%. We expect these percentages to stay relatively consistent throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. In fiscal 2015 and beyond, we see integrated mobile systems and broad markets revenue continuing to grow as an overall percentage of our mix, which should support improved returns based on the high differentiation and better margins associated with these products. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
Dave Aldrich: Thanks, Don. While it’s clear that our business fundamentals remain quite healthy, but the outlook for Skyworks is strong. To review the high-level drivers for our business in 2014 and 2015, we see three key trends powering our growth. First, increasing worldwide demand for high-performance, high data rate broadband services like 802.11ac and 4G LTE. Uptake of this technologies are still in their infancy, accounting for just the fraction of connected devices today. These technologies underpin lucrative new revenue streams for carriers and ecosystem providers alike and are being very aggressively deployed. And today, we are seeing tremendous demand within the emerging markets across large global brands as well as regional players. As one measure of this, Credit Suisse estimates that the number of LTE connected smartphones in Asia will grow by over 70% over the next two years. Second, connectivity is proliferating in new vertical markets in new device categories. A recent report on Morgan Stanley suggests that by 2020, the total number of connected devices could reach a staggering 75 billion, dramatically expanding our addressable opportunities. And we spend the last few years positioning the company for this trend, investing significant resources in new growth verticals outside of mobile, within markets like automotive, medical and industrial. While these new products are still in the early stages of adoption, we have already developed strong traction in these exciting new growth avenues. And third, dollar content opportunities for connected devices is expanding. In some cases, this is driven by products incorporating multiple network standards in concert like 4G LTE, 802.11ac and GPS. In other cases, it maybe driven by our expanded product offering where we are more fully integrating our power management and antenna tuning and received diversity product portfolios. But in all cases, we are driving our addressable content higher in each successive generation of technology. And just to give one example, the leading 802.11ac chipset provider recently announced the industry’s first six stream MIMO router solution, which provides data speeds of up to 3.2 gigabits per second and that’s 50% faster than current generation ac products, providing users with the availability to stream simultaneous HD or high definition content wirelessly on several devices at once. This is an analog content rich application where performance is paramount. Skyworks is enabling this lead architecture with an entire suite of analog products and we expect to benefit from the roll out of these during the second half of this calendar year. In all cases, the fundamental need is the same, ensuring seamless connectivity across multiple communications standards, while maximizing overall system performance within the smallest possible footprint. This underlying market need creates tremendous design challenges for our customers, as they contend with issues like battery life, signal interference and data throughput. To solve these challenges, customers are demanding more than just the best standalone component and our increasing aligning with Skyworks based on our end-to-end product portfolios, our broad technology footprint, our robust system design capabilities and our integration roadmap. We see a very limited number of other competitors with this whole [Technical Difficulty] growth of capabilities. And to highlight some examples of our recent success, during Q2, we captured other new design wins across a number of diverse applications. These include analog control ICs at Medtronic or implantable hard monitors, a suite of five front-end devices for the Moto G smartphone, home automation solutions with security sensors motion detectors, lighting and meters. Switching Wi-Fi and GPS within a set-top box application from EchoStar and tuning IC's see for Audi's HomeLink programmable system, complementing the navigational assist design we announced with Volkswagen last quarter. And finally, we have secured our fourth production customer for SkyOne, which includes a full suite of Skyworks products including our generation 2.0s SkyOne module, our Sky Hi LTE power amplifiers, power management, antenna switching and diversity switch modules. Our strategy of continuing to diversify and expand its new verticals, while maintaining a laser focus on operational execution is clearly working. We are quite optimistic about our prospects for 2014 and beyond and it is clear that we are riding a wave of powerful underlying market focus. We expect these positive trends to fuel growth in our addressable markets for years to come and as our product highlights demonstrated, we are capitalizing today. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let’s open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Rick Schafer. Please go ahead.
Rick Schafer: Yeah. Thanks guys, and congrats on a great quarter. I guess I was hoping -- my first question is if, Dave, you can provide maybe a little more color on what's driving or what's behind the better than seasonal -- much better than seasonal June quarter, is there any particular customers or end markets or anything you can highlight there?
Dave Aldrich: Thanks, Rick. Well, it’s really very broad based. It’s across our mobile customer set and our broad market customer set. It’s within the three categories that we described in the prepared comments. And specifically what we are seeing is very high content in early stage of an LTE ramp in emerging markets. This is China but it’s also outside of China in Central, Latin America. We are seeing signs of some strengthening demand in network infrastructure. But more importantly, 802.11ac rollouts in mobile and across vertical segments are very strong for us right now. We are seeing in the connected home and as we said, we are begging to ramp even further and deeper with our SkyOne customer set. And as we mentioned earlier with the guidance in Q3, the year-to-date total is over 15% year-over-year growth. So it’s really very broad-based and there is no single customer and there is no single platform that’s having -- that’s driving in.
Rick Schafer: Got it. And then just as my follow-up, could you give some color to describe sort of the recent GS 5 launch and your content there? I mean I guess, were there any surprises there for you guys versus your expectation and maybe as part of that answer, how does that Samsung content opportunity here in the first half compare to the other big platform launch later this year for you guys?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Rick. This is Liam. With respect to the Galaxy S5, as we know, there are a number of different regional SKUs. We actually did quite well in the platform in aggregate, number of designs wins with MMMB solutions, power management solutions. We're diversified across two major baseband platforms. And overall, our revenue growth there within Samsung is going to be up in 2014. And as we look beyond 2014, we are starting to now engage early with the Galaxy S6 and we are seeing another opportunity where performance is up, content opportunities are up and we expect to pick up share there as well.
Operator: Next question comes from Alex Gauna. Please go ahead.
Alex Gauna: Hey, thanks. Let me echo the congratulations on the powerful result. I was wondering with regard to the June quarter guidance, I know you said it was broad-based, but I'm wondering based on the magnitude of these emerging market ramps, what does that say about the dry powder that is left for seasonality in the September quarter? Could we still see a typical double-digit or double-digitish type of growth then or are we robbed from some of that?
Dave Aldrich: No, it would be lot easier to answer that question if it was really been driven by one phenomenon and it’s not. I mean, we are seeing, as I said, there is trend around, instead of things product moving into the home, there is a lot of fairly early stage ramps that we are seeing irrespective of seasonality in the March quarter that we are seeing extended to June. We are seeing LTE ramp in China, but we are also seeing other rollouts in connectivity ac and so on. So it’s really not anyone customer or anyone on region. If I look at what I can see in September today, I think expect September to be normal season. I think September will be up and I think it will be a strong quarter for the industry and a strong quarter for us.
Alex Gauna: All right. Thank you. And then you've done a great job getting to your gross margin targets. I'm wondering with the merger of TriQuint and RFMD and what you're seeing in the market in new opportunities, what's your potential to move beyond that and actually I'd like to know what you think or what your customers are telling you about what they think of the TriQuint-RFMD merger? Thank you.
Dave Aldrich: Thanks, Alex. Good question. You know I will you what I think about, I think consolidation is very healthy for our industry, particularly when it involves companies, competitors who have excess capacity. I think the fact that there will be a need to collapse some of that capacity, consolidate design centers and so on, which my understanding of the merger, I think that’s very good for the industry and it’s particularly good for Skyworks. I think a broader, like if I move up a little bit and think about this more broadly, we are seeing fewer and fewer competitors with the capability require to deal with this analog complexity. When we talk about SkyOne or we talk about the content gains we are gaining in platforms both in connectivity or within mobile, it’s a lot of GPS, it’s a lot of power management, it’s sliding and display, location-based services, it’s from pretty sophisticated tuning using SOI technology, it’s very broad. And our customers are -- one of the reasons why we are growing much faster than market is our customers are asking us to solve the overall analog front end. It maybe a bundle, it maybe integrated in the case of SkyOne and there just aren’t many competitors that can do that. So I expect more consolidation because I think it’s getting harder and harder to sell even the best among point products and components. And that’s very good for us.
Operator: Next question comes from Vivek Arya with BofA ML. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Dave, I am curious about the WiFi growth that you are seeing in 802.11ac because we are hearing that the Broadcom is now starting to integrate more power amplifiers in their WiFi combo chips. And I am wondering does that cannibalize the Europe business in any way, how should we think about competition in that market?
Liam Griffin: This is Liam. What we see in WiFi is a certain set of customers that will adopt an integrated PA solution. So by that, I mean, they take the transmit PA and integrate that to SoC. For that part of the market, we have a very compelling receive side strategy. We take SOI switch and LNAs on the receive side and we deploy solutions there and that’s going well. But the larger part of the market today is still adopting 802.11ac with both 5 gig and [2.4] (ph). Our position there is outstanding. We are seeing some of the leading smartphones companies now go to 2 x 2 MIMO in mobile again with 5 gig and 2.4. So that’s playing out well. And in parallel as Dave alluded to earlier, there is a very strong networking in access point and router market that is growing quickly. And here we see three streams, six streams up and nine streams of MIMO, you have 5 gig, 2.4 and switches as well. So in total, the WiFi opportunity for Skyworks is outstanding. We continue to take share. We have great technology. We partnered with Broadcom. We partnered with Qualcomm and others and the outlook there is quite bright.
Vivek Arya: Thanks, Liam. Very helpful. And then maybe Dave if you take a step back and look at the overall industry right recently RFMD and Triquint announced that they plan to merge. I am wondering what your view is of that industry consolidation. And as part of that, I think you have also spoken about looking for opportunities on the M&A front. So how do you think about the RF industry structure and then how do you think about your own long-term strategy and what Skyworks will look like say three, four, five years from now?
Dave Aldrich: Thanks, Vivek. (indiscernible) RF industry. It’s the analog connectivity of mobile industry because it’s hard to sell an RF-only product today and there in lies some of the problem and some of the need for consolidation. So when we are engaging today, we are engaging typically with multiple dollars in a broad target within our customers say because they are asking us to look at the voltage being provided to the transmit path, they are asking us to filter and switch and tune in a way that preserves battery life even beyond the power added efficiencies of the amplifier. And when we move in to receive or GPS, there are lot of coexistence problems, a lot of interference problems, so we do things in manufacturing for the proprietary shielding or we are able to do things with filtering, whether it’s a PAD or designing around duplex or filter architecture. And so that is just going to continue. So I think that there are going to -- there is a going to be a shake out most likely in the analog space where there are companies who have scale, customer relationships and the breadth of technology that can ramp a system integration mindset and capability. And I think companies who can do that, there aren’t many are going to win, they are going to win a lot because this market is going to grow. And I think that will continue. So as we look at our M&A strategy, we have, if you look what we have done in the past starting Conexant, if you look at what we did with AATI or even SGI, we have been to convert a broader technology footprint where we have the customers, we have the scale, we have the manufacturing into high returns into a much broader target. We’d like to continue to do that. So as we see M&A opportunities to expand into new vertical markets or expand the content, add more value, more relevance to our customers we will continue to do that. And we don’t rule out highly accretive businesses that required would give us materially bigger footprint outside of mobile. We like those as well, but they need to be rationalized in terms of our ability to add sales leverage in some degree of operational synergy.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Our next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot. And I will add my congratulations on the great quarter and guide. Just as we look to the June guidance, can you talk if you picked up maybe a major socket at your leading customer, that’s maybe you already start shipping that say in the June quarter that helped that or is that nothing to be part of that?
Dave Aldrich: No, there is no customer ramp, there is no specific socket that’s driving, that’s driving June. As I said, it’s broad-based. It’s a number of customers. It’s emerging markets, and it’s a non global vertical market.
Steve Smigie: Okay. And the 802.11ac, I mean, again it sounds like that’s broad-based as well in terms of being across enterprise networking but also connect your device but also on a handset. And on the handset side, I mean would you -- if you shipped in say modules for large customer end, would that already be occurring this quarter, I mean would you ship in the model say -- a module say quarter and half ahead of a major launch?
Dave Aldrich: The answer to that, the simple answer is no.
Operator: Next question comes from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead.
Anthony Stoss: Hey, guys, my congrats as well. Don, I don’t know if you have this handy but the percentage of your mobile revenue that’s in China, also a little more information on SkyOne date in terms of you got forecast raise now. What kind of feedback you expect to continue to add, new customers, is that largely finding its way into the China market, and last but not least, I would love to hear your further thoughts on content on the [IOT] (ph) side if you are able to get across car management other chipsets into those devices in addition to connectivity? Thanks.
Don Palette: I will just go first one on, I’ll take Tony on China. If you were to look at China combined as a customer, it would be 10%, very diverse customer base.
Dave Aldrich: And I think with respect to SkyOne and let we have jumped it on this one. But to be clear SkyOne is a broad platform approach and it embodies that we’re moving away from point solutions to its more integrated solutions. Typically, SkyOne platform for us is highly reconfigurable, but it hasn’t common, it has a lot of switching control content moving up to the antenna filtering, duplexing, power amplification. And when we will get the more product categories, it could be integrated at [MCM] (ph) and at the IC level. It is quite margin accretive and it is very unique and it is without competition. So it’s by definition competitive, unique and sticky.
Don Palette: Yes, and a follow-on to that, I think what is really kind of winning the hearts and minds of our customers is our ability to configure and customize on-site customer by customer. So what we are pleased by the systems level approach that we have been taking, it’s been well received by customers. We have got a number of introductions today. We are adding new accounts. And as you mentioned China, I mean that market is perfect for us. We can come in there with a solution that is fully tuned and matched specifically for each customer again there and due to work we get those accounts to market.
Dave Aldrich: And think about it, there are really three approaches that we use to go to market. One is the SkyOne, highly integrated filtering switching amplification. Another is a power amplifier duplexing kind of a market where we would then wrap switching functionality around that maybe GPS, maybe some power management, and a almost always WiFi. And the third would be which would be kind of an MM/MB multimode power. And again, we would wrap a lot of analog content around it and we have different customers that favor one architecture over another. So some use all three, increasingly through the trend is toward more integration and less discrete.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Mike Walkley: All right, thank you. Just jumping back into the China market, can you talk maybe about the sequential growth you’re seeing from China and your strong June quarter guidance. And were there any near-term supply constraints in the March quarter that might have been -- affected your ability ship into the TD-LTE ramps in China in the March quarter?
Don Palette: Yeah. With respect to -- I will take the June quarter first. I mean, China will be up in June. It’s pretty much in line with our total business. There could be some upside with LTE. We are seeing some roll off there across a number of indigenous China customers. We are also seeing as Dave mentioned emerging markets in general. We have some customers today that are gaining share in Latin America, we’re populating those devices. We see some of our customers gain share in India. We’re populating those devices as well.
Dave Aldrich: And we also see in terms of content, there is a drive because if you look at the indigenous China players, which we are shipping. Coolpad, for example, obviously Vaio, Lenovo and others. I mean, they’re not -- they don’t view their competition to be among other indigenous Chinese. They view the competition to be the big worldwide players of smartphones. And so the pressure is to improve the performance of Wi-Fi so the very same dynamic will be to more high performance Wi-Fi, adding more, switching, filtering more, perhaps amplification moving towards ac in some cases. There is an ASM play for us in addition to Wi-Fi power amplifying switching. So I think that really we don’t make the distinction of what a China customer maybe looking to ship internally or export versus other big brand. The dynamics are the same and they are competing with one another for the hearts and minds of the very same consumer.
Mike Walkley: Okay. Thank you and just on a follow-up question for Don. Now that your June quarter guidance is very close to your $0.75 longer term target with seasonal trends in September, you could be above those levels. Any longer term milestones maybe we should think about from modeling given the new size of the business. And then just on the previous question, were there any supply constraints in TDLP that might have impact you on the short term? Thanks.
Don Palette: Yeah. Mike, on the performance and going out to September as it relates to a model. We’re obviously very close to achieving the mid-term model we’ve being talking about for over the past year. We just guided $535 million revenue and $0.73 so that’s obviously knocking on the door for $0.75. Its too early for us to really give any formal view what’s beyond the mid-term model. But one thing I can tell you as you’re stepping back in modeling the business, we would expect a lot of the dynamics, business dynamics to play out beyond that $0.75 per quarter, the same as you saw building after that, so gross margin expansion of 48% to 50% and there’s clearly going to be operating leverages as we move forward. So that’s the best way to think about our business that you add revenue going forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question and guys congratulations on what appears to be two milestones, both the dividend initiation and what I think is record gross margins in the outlook. My question first is on the vertical markets business and it’s a short term and intermediate term question. As we look at the progress that you’re making and there were seven different applications identified in the press release that you penetrated with those initiatives. Where are we in the build out of the vertical markets program? Are we in the second inning, the fifth inning, the eight inning, can you put recent progress in perspective points?
Don Palette: What I love about the vertical markets obviously and we have been talking about it and investing for, we started moving from infrastructure into smart energy and then into the connected home and so on and so forth. We got a couple of acquisitions which gave much bigger target rich environment, probably six or seven years now in fact. So what I like about it is while there isn’t any one individual stock that they could drive huge amounts of revenue like you might see in the smartphone or tablet. But we have been very successful in creating system design team that we’re very closely with our customers in the field, phone applications approach and being able to identify where we can serve that set of customers. Well, the customer differentiated products that will last throughout multiple product cycles, long product life cycles very margin accretive. And I must say that we’re very much on track to our strategic plan in long range to continue to do that. And we continue to grow sequentially in helping our margins that reducing our volatility which make us a much stronger, broader company. I would say, we are in a very early stages because as the price points of this technology have gotten more affordable. And as consumers have become more use to the technology and as our device manufactures are creating more intuitive easy to use devices, its starting to continue penetrate more and more markets and today its just a astounding the array of products we're working with our customers on. All trying to figure out how to remain connected, do it at the right budget and at the right level of user ease.
Craig Ellis: So the follow-up would be related to that, what percent of revenue is vertical markets currently in and where would it potentially go over a two to three-year period?
Dave Aldrich: Today it’s about 27% as Don mentioned in the prepared comments. And I think that the combination of vertical markets as well as those analog products going into some of our mobile customers platform like GPS, like Wi-Fi, I think that grows much faster than our PA revenue, PA business which is good to the overall returns of the business.
Operator: Next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder: Thank you. Couple here, first off on SkyOne. We understand the platforms of both Samsung and Apple are moving toward, its seems like the end game on that is going to something like SkyOne. They’re not there yet but certainly seems to be direction everybody is moving into. First, is SkyOne material today to revenue, we talking 1%, 5%, 10% or is this more of a test year for where people are trying it out. And then we could expect much more material growth in say 2014 as maybe the top OEMs move more to that what kind of occupation given the complexity of the LTE. Thanks guys.
Don Palette: Yeah. It is material, it is not yet 5% but it’s getting close. But remember it’s in early stage of ramp and the ASP is very high. So the customers are launching, they are actually quite big. So I think its going to be very significant and it will be significant, more significant in the second half than it was in the first half. In 2015 we expect to be a big SkyOne here but keep in mind that it is a platform. So SkyOne will take on many different shapes and forms as our customers get comfortable with the technology and comfortable with allowing us supply our partner to architect the entire front end. That’s being a little bit of a learning curve. It’s something we’ve needed to work very closely with our customers to get them comfortable with because they give up a lot of control in favor of the user views. And we’re having a lot of success with that was not fast.
Edward Snyder: Don, as a follow-up, I was little confused by the answer to the last question. You said verticals are probably around just under 30%. Your largest customer was well over 30% last year. Is that break obviously out between horizontal and verticals markets you looking at definitional thing there. And the larger question you’ve done exceedingly well on Wi-Fi, it seems to be continue to be a growth engine here. Is Wi-Fi spread between all three of your [Technical Difficulty] integrated mobile systems in broad markets or is it more concentrated heavily more on those? Thanks.
Don Palette: Pulled it back to broad market number as Dave said and we said the program mark is 27%. And our top customer last year was in mid 30s or little above that and -- but that the revenue for the customers across multiple revenue areas, they can be a mobile, they can be in broad markets as well, so it’s mixed.
Dave Aldrich: I think, what you’re getting that there is no Wi-Fi that winds up in a smartphone or tablet that we are including in that 27%, that is all non-mobile broad market.
Operator: Suji De Silva with Topeka. Please go ahead.
Suji De Silva: Hi guys, nice job on the quarter. Thanks for breaking out the pre-segment here. Can you talk about the relative margins of each either qualitatively or I think we can and what do you expect the core PA business to grow longer term versus the other business?
Don Palette: As we talked about, the initial presentation, the relative margins for the PAs are in low 40 is slightly below what the corporate average is. Integrated mobile is slightly above that that and our best margins in the broad market. But understand within each of that their products that there is some variability on that, those are averages within those categories.
Suji De Silva: Thanks. And on the PA segment, I think the growth there can be versus the other ones which is clearly going faster?
Don Palette: I think the PA business is going to grow in revenue dollars shrink as a percentage. I would put a 5 percentage growth rate in PA dollars, which will be materially less than the growth rate of the company therefore and it has been trending for the last few years, it will get smaller but will remain meaningful.
Operator: Next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi guys. Congratulations again.
Dave Aldrich: Thanks Vijay.
Vijay Rakesh: As for the quarter and you might have answered this question already, but if you look at the second half and you look at the tier one marquee phones, how do you see about your share in those going to second half?
Dave Aldrich: I think -- I believe that two things are going to happen. One is industry dynamic in the second half in 2015 and 2016, as the content will go up. The number of bands that are being added, the amount of functionality around higher performance connectivity and what we see our customers trying to do with the intend or improved current consumptions using things like carrier aggregation and sophisticated tooling techniques. It is no doubt in our mind that content over the next several years is going to go up. And I am -- as we engage our customers today, I am really pleased with the fact that our technology offering is unique. We are engaging at the system level early in the customer’s decisions as to which SOC they are going to use which and so on. And they will really able to have a system level conversation not a component conversation. So, I am absolutely convinced that the TAM overall in the industry is going to go up and that we are going to continue to gain share.
Vijay Rakesh: Right. And just housekeeping question here, did you add any 10% customers in the quarter here and keep it up, guys? Thanks.
Don Palette: Yeah. Thanks Vijay. We had two, 10% Foxconn and Samsung.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Burton with Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Mike Burton: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the great quarter and guide. Don, if I could just on the margin side that you mentioned the 48% to 50% contribution margin going forward. But I'm wondering on OpEx expectations into next year, can we stay in the kind of the mid to high 80 tier or would we expect that pick up as IoT and that the broader markets become a bigger portion of the mix?
Don Palette: Yeah, I mean the increases that you've seen and guided as, the majority of the increase is on the R&D line and it's some target investments that we're making to support new growth opportunities and quite frankly we are saying the benefits of these initiatives in topline out performance. We're going to -- we are expecting to continue to see strong leverage, so we expect the revenue growth will be well ahead of the OpEx growth and that leverage is a key component of continuing to drive improved returns. Remember in the June guide, we have a merit increase, solid merit increase mid-year so that's in the number as well. On going forward, that number is going to continue to ramp some as revenue grows and investment grow. So as far as what you model next year, I think by the time you get to mid-year when you have another merit increase to that number is going to be high-80s and the 90s kind of number for sure. But there is some incremental investment every quarter in way that we model it.
Mike Burton: Thank you. That is helpful. And then, Dave, a few comment on bulk for a second. Do you have any concerns with the RFMD or TriQuint merger as a potential supplier or borrower, or are you still comfortable with the bar available to you from the non-domestic suppliers and have you actually started to shift some of the bar into any SkyOne platform or any other modules so far this year?
Dave Aldrich: The answer to latter question is yes. And I am actually extremely comfortable with it and the reason is that today, we're participating in filters more broadly than any competitors in power profile duplexes in SkyOne and in most of our GPS modules in fact. And the more we engage with the filter ecosystem, more convinced I am that there is no one side that's all. We are seeing the vast majority of bands using some form of saw and with more narrow band spacing at an higher frequency, we're having a lot of success using a temperature compensated saw and we are shipping both and there are limited number of bands with very high frequency and type spacing, type frequency spacing the benefit from bulk device if there are or some other bulk acoustic device. And our strategy is to be flexible. It is to work with our filter partners on a foundry level and to really get involved in the packaging and the design to make sure we are hitting performance and we match it to our PA or we match it into SkyOne. It gives the absolute best possible performance. And if you look at recent teardowns, I think we are the largest integrator of filters in the world today in fact.
Operator: Next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton: Hey guys. Let me add my congratulations on the results and guidance. Dave, just wondering on the sequential June, you've named a number of factors that are behind that roughly $55 million sequential increase. Can you give us some sense is it fairly broad-based or is the LTE opportunity in China at emerging market just given the content in LTE phone, would that be the single biggest factor accounted for that $55 million increase and then I have a quick follow-up?
Dave Palette: Yeah. I think the biggest single factor would be -- although, I’ve got to say, it is really very broad, but the biggest single factor would be in content games within mobile devices when we talked about our integrated mobile systems. So our ability to release successive design suite and much more dollar content than the traditional PA and switch is a big driver of this. And we're applying much of that in China, but a lot into Central America. We have customers doing very well in India and some of the brands that are not Chinese brands are doing extremely well, penetrating emerging markets with our technology. So that is a big -- that is going to be indeed a big piece of it. The 802, the Wi-Fi component of our business in the connected home and within ac rollout of the enterprise, within the home and then as well as into our mobile customers upgraded ac or upgrading to more bands MIMO, that's a big driver. We're seeing that as well. We're seeing it not only in the home we're seeing in verticals, we're seeing in the mobile. And SkyOne is a nice top force as well with very margin rich high dollar content.
Quinn Bolton: Great. And then just on a follow-up on TriQuint, RFMD in there sort of synergy discussions, so they don't anticipate any revenue this synergies. I was wondering if you might comment on opportunities you see as those come together where you might have opportunities to either pick up sockets or perhaps as they shut down in fact, we may have to translate products? Are there opportunities for you to coming as an alternative source of supply? Thanks.
Don Palette: Having done mergers and a couple of sizable ones, I mean they are, they take a lot of time, they take a lot of resources and a lot of focus. But I will say this that when we look at our business and our guidance in our 2014, 2015 plan, it has nothing to do with the notion of competitor having struggled or becoming defocused. It's all about ducktailing into trends of the market where our customers just need more help and more technology breadth to solve these phony analog problems and that's what we do, that's what we wake up everyday trying to do and do it better than our competitors. But more importantly do it in a way that we add value to our customers and they're willing to pay us for it.
Operator: Next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks and I will echo strong quarter guys. Going back to just the emerging markets. Maybe just looking at your view of the entire market, I know the China mobile, it's still not a 100 million units given the builts that you have shift to and are looking at for June, what's your sense of just how big that market is so far in the first half?
Dave Aldrich: Yeah. Blayne, without getting into all of the details so our care specific details, we certainly see a ramp in China, I know the ramp as Dave alluded, we also see emerging markets in general being a content and a unit driver for us and includes Latin America and India. The good news for Skyworks is that we've been very well positioned with all the leading players that enabled. There is companies like MediaTek, like Broadcom, like Qualcomm like Marvel. So we have our best hedge very, very nicely with all those players. The content is MMMB solutions, its switching, its power management. GPS is a real nice analog switch that ramps around our mobile. But it's also tether with the leading basement provider, so wherever they win, we're going to be attached. We're seeing in China. We're seeing in emerging markets and we think it is all unique in this ramp.
Don Palette: Unlike 2G, or even 3G upgrade cycles in early smartphones, they have made in 2G base. They were EDGE based. The difference we're seeing today in the system performance requirements that this class of customer is requiring and it is very much competition on the world stage. So we are not seeing the small component companies with the threat of lowering price with albeit inferior products being able to penetrate this customer set. It’s not working in this architecture, the technology doesn't play and that's very, very good for us and companies like us who can feel a real robust system.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And then just on the new breakout. Thanks for providing that. On your slide deck, you talked about integrated mobile having multi-band pads. Does that inclusive of single band pads as well just a clarification and then you can talk about in broad market, maybe rank some of the bigger end markets I am assuming Wi-Fi is probably the biggest but any clarity there would be helpful.
Don Palette: Yeah, playing on the pads, the pad devices would be included in IMS integrated but we only have a single pad. I mean, they attend to be multi-band, couple of filters, multi-mode, multi-band PA. So there is really no instances where we have a single pad with one filter. But those solutions do get included in IMS.
Operator: Next question comes from JoAnne Feeney with ABR. Please go ahead.
JoAnne Feeney: Hi, guys. Congrats on a great quarter and a nice outlook. I had a question about a quick follow-up on another question about the timing issued for the year. In the past there have been instances where you have shift components that have been assembled into modules by partners. It sounds like this year that is not something, that's a big components of your business. Can you just clarify that more broadly? I believe the earlier question was more specifically to Wi-Fi?
Dave Aldrich: I think that the -- the question is, are we in June benefiting from big program ramps by shipping in the module manufacturer, be it Wi-Fi or something else. And the answer to that is no.
JoAnne Feeney: And so we wouldn't expect an earlier declining of business because of that timing emptiness?
Dave Aldrich: Absolutely not, in fact -- absolutely not in fact, I expect, given what I'm seeing in the second half of the calendar year to be seasonally up and really quite strong for us.
Operator: Next question comes from Tom Sepenzis with Northland. Please go ahead.
Tom Sepenzis: Hi, congratulations as well for me. I'm just wondering, if you could talk a little bit more about ac specifically as we go from 1 to 2, 2 by 2, 4 to 6 MIMO, what do you -- how you are thinking about the potential TAM benefit there?
Dave Aldrich: Sure. That is a -- it's a great question and you've seen some recent releases from some of our chipset partners that are really demonstrating MIMO to 3, 6, even 9 streams. I mean, you literally get a -- if you go from 3 streams to 6, its 2x content for us. And we start with very high content, we can double it, we can triple it and you will able to see some routers and access points now that have substantial Skyworks content 11ac FEMs, switching and even power management in some cases. So this is deployed very well in routers. But again as I mentioned, we're starting to see mobile handsets adopt 2-by-2 technology on next generation platform, so that would be two streams in the mobile handsets, potentially 2.5 gig devices, 2.4 gig devices together with switching. So that trend is really good and by the way, the benefits that when we see on delivering this higher data rates through the home, delivering these higher rates to handheld the tablet or mobile device are outstanding. So it's a win-win for the customers and we're in a great position to capitalize.
Operator: Next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Richard Sewell: Yeah guys, thanks. This is Richard in for Harsh. Let me pass along my congratulations as well.
Dave Aldrich: Thank you.
Richard Sewell: So my first question. Can you give any color on how your visibility compares to prior years and how the lead times in the integrated solutions compare to discrete PA?
Dave Aldrich: The visibility is as good if not better and I would say better in the sense that the -- that we’re participating earlier in the product lifecycle in almost all cases. In fact, we're beginning to participate at the point at which the overall SOC or chipset has been selected. So we have much more visibility. In fact, we're looking now at products that will be launching in the second half. We're well into designing late 50 and some cases 60 products today. Because the architecture choices among our customers differ and some other product lifecycles at vertical markets are very, very low, in fact, most of them are. And so we're doing some connectivity enablement upfront. And so our customers -- these new customers are coming to us and we're helping to figure out how to deal with these phone analog connectivity problems for the very first and they're engaging us right upfront. So the visibility today, I would have to say in general is better.
Richard Sewell: Great. And then a quick follow-on, we're seeing a couple of year peers launch integrated solutions. What do you think driving a more integrated solutions approach across the industry?
Dave Aldrich: I think it's quite simple and that is in order for our customers to meet their performance requirements, their design time to market -- and to just reduce their need to get into the detail of architecture as these comps -- as these analog systems become more and more complex. They're looking for a partner and that partner has to have system expertise and partners has to have good solid manufacturing capability to do unique things, bumping, flipping, diving and a broad product portfolio. And so we've been a leader in integration. We were in front in FEMs, we're upfront with Pads, we're upfront in SkyOne, we're upfront in WiFi and integration of devices and we think that's a big, big advantage for us and the trends that I think we'll not stop for many years.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
Dave Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you very much everybody for participating and I look forward to see you in upcoming conferences.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti  David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and Corporate General Manager
Analysts: Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Anne Edelstein Richard Sewell - Stephens Inc., Research Division N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Sujeeva De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' first fiscal quarter 2014 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report that we're off to a great start to fiscal 2014, as reflected by our strong first quarter performance and above-seasonal guidance for the second quarter. Fueling our success is the proliferation of connectivity in all of its forms across a broad array of end markets and applications. This powerful underlying global trend, combined with our growing analog portfolio, expanding broad market opportunities and consistent execution, all translate into superior ongoing financial results for the company. Skyworks has become an enabler of all things connected, providing custom solutions that help our customers navigate increasingly complex analog design challenges. We leverage a comprehensive portfolio of technologies and leading-edge integration capabilities to create differentiated solutions. And as the world becomes increasingly more connected and analog complexity escalates, we're uniquely positioned to capitalize. And our strategy is paying off. During the quarter, we delivered revenue of $505 million. That's ahead of our guidance and up more than 11% year-over-year. We produced operating income of $141.8 million. That's up nearly 24% from a year ago. We posted $0.67 in earnings per share. That's up 22% versus a year ago. And we generated $159 million in cash flow from operations, which is a record for the company. So in short, Q1 was another excellent quarter for us across all key metrics. And looking ahead, we see our momentum continuing. While March is normally a slower seasonal quarter for the industry, our increasing market diversification and new product ramps are enabling Skyworks to largely offset normal mobile seasonality. More specifically, during the second quarter, we're seeing strength from our expanding portfolio for the networked home, connectivity solutions in the emerging markets, key vertical market opportunities and our ramp of integrated systems solutions like SkyOne. These drivers are helping to mute seasonal trends at some of our OEM customers. This is a clear testament to our diversification. To put our growth trajectory into perspective, EPS for the first half of 2014, as measured by our first quarter reported results and second quarter guidance, is 2.5x the EPS we reported for the first half of 2010, representing a 25% compounded growth rate over that 4-year period. With our expanding market footprint, the stage is set for continued revenue growth, margin expansion and earnings leverage. For more in-depth review of our financial results, I'll turn the call over to Don for his commentary and outlook.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone. We appreciate it. Revenue for the first quarter was $505.2 million, ahead of our prior guidance and up more than 11% versus the year-ago quarter and nearly 6% sequentially. Gross profit was $224.7 million or 44.5% of revenue, in line with our prior guidance and up 150 basis points from the year-ago quarter. Operating expenses were $82.9 million, consisting of R&D expense of $50.8 million and SG&A expense of $32.1 million. We generated $141.8 million of operating income and that yields a 28.1% operating margin and that's a 280 basis point increase versus the year-ago quarter. Our cash tax rate for the quarter was 10%. That produced net income of $127.7 million or $0.67 of diluted earnings per share, $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our first quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $159 million in cash flow from operations. We invested $16 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $21 million and we repurchased 670,000 shares of our common stock, representing a $17 million investment. Given our confidence in our business outlook, we continue to believe that repurchasing shares of common stock represents a highly attractive use of our cash. And finally, we exited the quarter with $649 million in cash and no debt. Now for our second quarter business outlook. With the demand visibility and order backlog we have in place today, we expect second quarter revenue to be $470 million, significantly better than normal seasonality and representing 11% year-over-year top line growth. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin in the range of 44% to 44.5%, with operating expenses of approximately $83.5 million. We continue to see opportunities for sustainable margin expansion, as we leverage our capital investments and benefit from growing demand for our margin-enhancing integrated custom solutions and precision analog products. Below the line, we anticipate $200,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate of around 10%. We project our tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of our 2014 fiscal year. We expect the share count to be around 191.5 million shares, resulting in second quarter EPS of $0.59. All of the underlying drivers are in place for Skyworks to continue to outperform. It's worth noting that our second quarter 2014 guidance represents our fourth consecutive quarter of over 20% year-over-year earnings growth, and that highlights the consistency of our execution in placing our financial returns among the best-of-breed in the semiconductor industry. We are within striking distance of achieving our mid-term business model of 30% operating margin, which, as a reminder, generates around $3 in annualized earnings per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Don. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide some perspective on the growth trends in the market and how we position the company to capitalize. Skyworks is at the forefront of enabling the connected world by providing high-performance analog solutions for end markets, ranging from communications infrastructure and network access points to mobile platforms and connected devices within the home, as well as within key verticals like automotive, industrial, like medical. Looking at the high-level drivers of our market opportunity, entering 2014, we see 3 key trends fueling our growth: First, the adoption of higher data rate services across a broader global footprint; second, the rapid proliferation of connectivity into new vertical markets and expanding device categories; and, third, connected devices incorporating more and more network standards. And I'll spend a few minutes going through each of these in a bit more detail. Starting first with increasing global demand for high data rate services like 802.11ac and like 4G LTE. The uptake of these technologies, as well as the implementation of multi-antenna architectures and carrier aggregation are still in their infancy, accounting for only a fraction of connected devices today. OEM manufacturers and network operators are rapidly rolling out these technologies in their drive to provide users with a premium connected experience, meaning seamless connections, faster download speeds, improved signal range and longer battery life. Over the next couple of years, we expect the global footprint of devices utilizing these standards to grow substantially, and we see tremendous opportunities ahead within the emerging markets where broadband penetration rates are low. Population density, however, is high. And there is a general lack of wired communications infrastructure. As an example, Crédit Suisse estimates that the number of LTE-enabled smartphones in Asia will grow by over 70% over the next 2 years. These opportunities drive increased content along with more stringent performance requirements and higher complexity. Second, connectivity is quickly making its way into new vertical markets and its new device categories. A recent report by Morgan Stanley suggests that, by 2020, the total number of connected devices could reach a staggering 75 billion. The billions of connected devices that make up the Internet of Things will be powered by a combination of sensors, microcontrollers and perhaps more importantly for Skyworks connectivity and power management solutions, dramatically expanding our served addressable markets. Validating this theme is Google's acquisition of Nest's technologies, with whom we have an extremely strong relationship and high content. We spent the last few years positioning the company for this trend, investing significant resources in new growth verticals outside of mobile in markets like automotive, medical and industrial. These remain a strategic area of investment for us and have contributed to our recent outperformance. On top of this, the 2014 CES, or Consumer Electronic Show, showcased an entirely new generation of connected devices, like wearable technologies, home automation products, fitness gear, health and wellness products and machine-to-machine devices. While these new products are still in the early stages of evolution, we have already developed traction in this exciting new growth avenue. Our third growth driver is connected devices incorporating more and more network standards. This is happening across our service markets like the smart home, where we have an exciting and diverse pipeline of opportunities. As one current example, we are engaged on a media gateway design for a leading network operator, which provides the functionality of a traditional set-top box with enhanced capabilities to support home networking and streaming on-demand video. This product incorporates Skyworks' ZigBee, Wi-Fi and GPS solutions, along with a number of our power management products. And we have similar opportunities and applications within the home, spanning gaming, entertainment, security and automation. In these examples, Skyworks is providing the complete analog connectivity solution, driving content expansion for us and the opportunity to differentiate through system customization. These macro trends in our end markets today validate the strategic directions we've set for the company. We've spent the last decade putting in place sustainable differentiators to simplify complex design challenges across a diverse set of end markets. We're experts in analog system design, leveraging a global force of systems and applications engineers within key vertical markets. We offer an unmatched technology portfolio and strategic partnerships with outside foundries, providing deep expertise in SOI, CMOS, gallium arsenide filters, silicon germanium and on and on; and we have leading capabilities in advanced multi-chip module integration. A prime example of our differentiation in the market is our SkyOne platform, which leverages all of these competitive advantages to provide unprecedented levels of integration and performance. We ramped SkyOne with our 2 first customers this quarter, Samsung and HTC, and we expect to add new customers throughout the year. We also captured other new design wins during the quarter across a number of diverse applications, including 802.11ac solutions in set-top boxes, Blu-ray players and LED/4K TVs, RF subsystems for Ericsson for 4G LTE base stations, power management devices within Philips' wearable technologies and health and wellness applications, connectivity ICs supporting Nest's suite of smart home products, switch models in Belkin's wireless home lighting solutions, envelope tracking solutions within multiple 4G LTE platforms and connectivity ICs in Fitbit's smart scale and connected wristband fitness systems. It's clear that we're riding a wave of powerful underlying market forces. We expect these trends to fuel growth in our addressable markets for years to come. And as our product highlights demonstrated, we're capitalizing today. In closing, we're quite optimistic about our prospects for the remainder of 2014 and beyond. Our strategy of continuing to diversify and expand into new verticals while maintaining a laser focus on operational execution is clearly working. Okay. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] For our first question, it comes from the line of Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just had a couple of questions. The first, I guess, is what is driving, I guess, this near-term strength that you're seeing? I know you talked about seeing an above-seasonal March quarter here. Is it any one particular customer or end market, or is it more broad than that?
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Rick. The way we see March shaping up is, I think, there'll be fairly normal historical seasonal patterns in mobile. Obviously, we're seeing some OM -- OEMs impacted more than others. I think the difference is our opportunity, or our target, is much broader than others and is basically driven by end market diversification and content gains. I think the specific areas of strength are: We're seeing continuous success and sequential growth in the Connected Home products that I think we talked about a bit in our prepared comments; we're seeing strong demand in emerging markets; we're seeing strong demand in some of the new verticals; and, by the way, we're ramping high ASP and high-margin products like SkyOne. So I think it's a combination of those offsetting seasonality.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just as a follow-up, in TD-LTE -- and correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you've said in the past you're close to about 50% of MediaTek's quad core designs or reference designs. Is that still true? And what does that trend look like this year? I know you -- as you called out Asia, I think, specifically talking about the opportunity there with LTE devices over the next couple of the years, I'm just -- if you could quantify anything there that would be great.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Yes. This is Liam on that. MediaTek continues to be a really important customer for us. We are on their latest quad core platforms and their newest LTE platforms. And what that means for us is really a significant upgrade in content versus a traditional 2G or even a 3G phone, so we're seeing content around the power amplifier suite moving into more multi-mode complex systems, but we're also, in addition sweeping an ASM technology with switch, GPS in some cases and even seeing Wi-Fi attached. So it's a meaningful cycle, and we're in the very early innings of that upgrade throughout China.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I wonder if you could give us a little bit of color on how China Mobile appears to be factoring into what you just delivered and what you guided to, maybe some indications on how you feel the build-out is going to be and if there's any risk, you think, of a hangover, if we have channel fill and not so much channel sell-through and, I guess, some color on that.
David J. Aldrich: So I think -- let me, kind of, answer it maybe in a broad way. We're actually -- what we're seeing in China today and we're seeing some pretty strong growth here, is that, more than anything, the upgrade cycle -- irrespective of which carrier, the upgrade cycle is sweeping in a lot more analog functionality and connectivity in ac [ph] and some of our products for switching and control. We're seeing strong attach rate with QRD, strong attach rate with MediaTek, including some of their workhorse, smartphone, quad core models. And I think, if you look at the big players in China, think of Lenovo, Huawei, Coolpad, and if you look at some of those teardown reports, we've got a lot of content and very high penetration rates. So I think, if you combine all those, we're just pretty broad there and we're seeing a lot of incremental content.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, you've mentioned the diversification strength across some various areas, most of them still having to do with wireless connectivity. Could you comment on where you are in terms of evolving some of your HPA opportunities that aren't cellular attached? I know you talked about Connected Home, but you briefly mentioned power management. Where are you seeing that? How are things going on the wireless infrastructure side?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Alex. Yes. I mean, outside of the core mobile business, we are seeing a lot of diversification and opportunities, home automation, ZigBee-enabled lighting. For example, we have a design win with Philips, where they're using blue light LED inside of a wearable patch for therapeutic purposes. The Fitbit example that Dave mentioned, another outstanding opportunity for us is leveraging Wi-Fi. We're moving into power management with DC-to-DC and voltage regulators. We have LED backlight in automotive applications. Just a broad reach of opportunities, and we feel that our team in the field is picking up more and more opportunities each quarter. We're very excited about where that can go.
David J. Aldrich: And, Alex, we've built out a system engineering and an applications infrastructure throughout the world. We're really getting better and better at identifying sockets where we can penetrate, we can customize, gain some real value and add value to our customers. I think, just if you look at the orders we booked this quarter, and I mentioned a few of them, but -- there was Philips. There was Nest. There was FitBit. There was Belkin. So it's really across the board, everything from the cable modem to the gateway products to all kinds of appliances. So it's really across the board.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Anne Edelstein: This is Anne Edelstein calling in on behalf of Vivek. I guess, the first question is, I look at the way that you are guiding operating expenses in the current quarter, it's coming up somewhat quarter-over-quarter as revenues are declining. Can you just talk -- is that a one-off? Can you talk a little bit more about that and how that factors into your pace [ph] to 30% operating margin?
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Anne. This is Don. We've been pretty consistent about our ongoing investment in some of the key areas in the business. Particularly, if you look at the OpEx increase that we just saw from fiscal Q4 to the December quarter fiscal Q1, all of that increase was in R&D and that's a similar pattern that you'll see in our guide from March, and it's really just reflective of some critical investments that we're making in R&D teams to support our continued focus and ability to grow in some of these new vertical markets. So we feel really good about those investments. We've been consistent about our OpEx slowly increasing this year and -- but there's a tremendous amount of leverage still left in the model, when you look at the revenue growth.
Anne Edelstein: Great. And then, I guess, a little bit more on the China opportunity. How well positioned do you think that you are currently to grow as the TD-LTE market, sort of, takes off this year? And how do you see your opportunity maybe diversifying a bit into some of the lower end phones?
David J. Aldrich: Well -- thanks, Anne. I think that the -- one way to look at it is -- the way we kind of decompose that market and there is going to be some big customer winners or at least high volume drivers within that market. And so, we focused very intently on them. We've done -- as I mentioned, we've done a really good job, we think, with Lenovo, with Huawei, with Coolpad, with some others that are really going to drive a great deal of volume, plus there are hundreds of indigenous OEMs. But we've done really well with, I think, the volume drivers. We've also focused for a long time, as you know, with MediaTek. And I'm really very pleased with the amount of penetration we've got in all their reference designs, particularly the workhorses we think that are going to drive high dollar content smartphones. We've got everything from ASM-based products. Now we've got some connectivity products, multi-mode PA switches. So again, the whole -- and I guess the third element, is the whole theme of -- as these phones become more -- smartphones become more complex and indeed feature phone transitions to smartphone and then smartphone move more towards 4K, they're having very high penetration rate of some pretty sophisticated analog processing, and that's where we've been excelling is being able to sell more of the system solution by having our applications engineers and system designers hand-in-hand with our chipset marketers in that region, whether it's MediaTek, QRD -- or Qualcomm QRD, and that's where we're gaining volume and we're gaining share.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Richard Sewell with Stephens.
Richard Sewell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: It's Richard calling in for Harsh. So first question, looking out over this year, how are you thinking about the growth opportunity in mobile and specifically in the smartphone end market?
Liam K. Griffin: First of all, we're still very bullish on mobile in general and smartphone specifically. We talked about China as a real theme that we're benefiting from. But even in traditional Tier 1 accounts, we continue to see the need for higher data rates, more advanced protocols and that brings complexity to the table. So as we look out through 2014 and the platforms we're designing now for 2015, the performance of these products is going up and up and our ability to deliver simplicity here is exactly what these customers want. So we're really excited about it -- the content theme is coming together. There's more bands. There's a lot of complexity in filtering and tuning. The analog suite that we bring to the table is another real key driver for us. So we like that. We think it's a great trend. We're seeing it with our Tier 1s. And as we talked about already today, we really like what we're seeing in China.
Richard Sewell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And for my follow-up, what are some of the remaining levers to get to that 30% up margin you always talked about?
Donald W. Palette: It's pretty consistent, Richard, with what we've talked about. It's -- number one, it's -- we have said consistently that we need to be at about $550 million per quarter in revenue. With that and with the spending profile we're looking for the rest of the year, that gives you the continued leverage on the OpEx expenses, which help. And we're going to continue to drive margin expansion. And that's a long list of items, whether it's leveraging the CapEx investments we're making, it's the improved margin on some of the new system solutions that are rolling out, it's our hybrid manufacturing model, our ability to keep our utilization at a very high rate, it's how we manage the supply chain. It's multiple things. So if you -- we would expect to drop that incremental revenue to about [ph] 48%, which will continue to drive margins. So it's a combination of both.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I'm just wondering, you've talked a lot about IoT this -- on the conference call. Clearly, you guys are well positioned with high-performance analog, power management and some of your connectivity solutions. But things like microcontrollers and sensors are also pretty key solutions and could align pretty nicely with your product portfolio. Do you guys have a strategy potentially to either partner or potentially look to expand your product portfolio into those types of devices for IoT?
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Thank you, Quinn. That's a great question. The horses we're riding in '14, '15 will continue to be what we were doing in much of '13, which is -- the earlier question that Richard had was about our feeling about smartphones. Irrespective of what the growth rate of smartphone is, one thing is for certain, that customers need to see more analog solutions that sweep in functionality because they're finding it too difficult to meet the constraints of the baud space, current consumption and so on. So we have been increasingly, even if we don't sell it in an integrated platform like SkyOne -- in as integrated a platform as SkyOne, we're able to bundle those products and guarantee the system global performance by working with our customers at the radio baud level. And recently, that's begun to sweep in more and more high-performance Wi-Fi, ac and the like, multi-mode Wi-Fi, GPS-shielded devices that incorporate filtering. We talked about power, lighting and display. That's a big deal, where you're trying to drive very high-performance camera flash, for example, or display. So there's a lot of power management and voltage regulation that this complexity is driving, and we think we're the only folks out there today who can take a complete suite of products and, from a system standpoint, lay it out for them. Now when you look at the next click, I am very intrigued by the opportunities for, for example, MEMS-based technology to do things in not only in the microphone space but in gyros and sensors and then taking that product outside. So we are investing, we are creating partnerships that are going to allow us to go to the next click because I think the next big wave is going to be around sensing level functionality and all kinds of motion controls. And we're going to play there, and we're investing now.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, the second question I had is -- I mean, you guys are obviously very well positioned in Wi-Fi front-end. There has been some talk about 2 x 2 MIMO potentially moving out -- or moving down from the tablet space into some of the higher end smartphone platforms. Do you guys have a view -- is that a real opportunity for you in 2014, or do you think, for power reasons, that you'd most likely stay 1 x 1 in smartphones?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. It's a great question. We talked a lot about MIMO technology and access points using 3 x 3, even 4 x 4 multiple screens and access points to extend range and performance. We are actually, to your point, seeing this now in smartphones, and we think the benefit provided to the consumer is outstanding. It's, again, higher data rate, greater levels of connectivity, expanded range and the value to the consumer is there. And for us, it actually effectively doubles the content in phones that go 2 x 2 or 3 x 3 would be a triple. So we're excited by it and we like the fact that, again, the relentless demand for connectivity, for data -- for wireless data continues and the kind of solutions that we talked about here are really in high demand now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You guys obviously discussed and listed in your press release a whole bunch of non-handset-related drivers. And I was hoping you could give us, sort of, your typical breakout, the cellular group versus analog and -- but in addition to that, I guess, typically, you're like 60-40 or something like that. But within that Wi-Fi portion, that's usually -- a lot of it still seems to be going to handset. So could you say how much is handset and non-handset all in? And what I'm trying to get at is, where are you now and where can you go 3 years out on that non-handset portion?
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Steve, I'm glad you asked that question because the -- I think we recognize that the split we have discussed -- we continue to discuss the 6 [ph] which is today around 60-40. That's consistent this last quarter, really kind of hearkens back to a couple of years ago -- a few years ago when we talked about 80-20 with 80% being dominated by PA and transmit module products and 20% mostly infrastructure, some Home, some Smart Energy. The fact is that business today is very different. So if I look at where the growth is coming from -- maybe this will help answer your question. In mobile, for example, the growth is -- our PA business, for example, is declining as a percentage of sales. It's still growing, but it's declining as a percentage of our revenue. And what's growing fast is these mobile analog solutions we're talking about, GPS, Wi-Fi, power display, as well as highly integrated solutions like power amplifier duplexers, SkyOne and the like. That's where the growth. And then, the second growth engine has been in non-mobile. We've talked about the Connected Home. We've talked about automotive and medical. So that's really the way we are running the business today. And I think, as we go forward, we'll be looking for ways to kind of articulate better for you what that split is because I think the 60-40 is probably not as useful as it once was.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you guys really helped us out last quarter. You gave some color, an extra quarter out where you sort of gave us some thoughts on March. I was hoping you might be able to give us some color into June. Obviously, more and more, we're seeing some big OEMs drive that but [indiscernible]. How should we think about seasonality for your -- for you in June? And how is it looking right now?
David J. Aldrich: Yes. I think it's a little too early to get very specific. I would say that I don't see any reason to believe that it won't be a normally modest up quarter. That's usually the case in the June quarter. And as we look at our business rolling out in 2014 for Q2, Q3, Q4, we see similar trends as -- in Q3 as we do in Q2 or in June as we do in March, which is these share gains, content gains, diversification gains largely offsetting whatever seasonal mobile business may be thrown at us. We expect to have a good June quarter. We expect the mobile market to be up modestly a few percentage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Dave, can you give us a sense on the analog side for March? In terms of your overall guide [Audio Gap] you expect that business to be up sequentially in March. Also, I know there's a lot of different products and units that you could get [ph] on the Internet of Things. I'd love to hear your view on how you can piggyback multiple chipsets and what your view is on overall content for Skyworks in the Internet of Things.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Thanks. I think that our March non-mobile business will be roughly flat. And so, most of the seasonality is occurring among those OEMs in our mobile business. And if I think within that roughly flat, which is much better than seasonality, it really is -- as we talked about in the prepared comments, it's a combination of, obviously, traditional Wi-Fi products and more Wi-Fi content where we're looking to have multi-mode Wi-Fi that has more ac content and so on and so forth. We're also seeing ZigBee content that's meaningful. There's also some real power management and voltage challenges with some of these devices -- these gateway devices we talked about, and we talked at length in the prepared comments about an engagement we have with a service provider today. There's a lot of dollar content and a very cool complex products. And the content there is multiple dollars and it's GPS, it's Wi-Fi, it's cellular. So I think it's really all of the above in the Home, and we've talked about brand new nascent products for us. I mean, we're just starting to see meaningful revenue coming from medical devices we talked about, in some automotive devices, in the Volkswagen platform we have in the press release. That's kind of a sleek product going into an in-mounted dash entertainment [ph] Volkswagen device.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, lastly, on your SkyOne comments, the traction you're seeing there, is that more in the low end, midrange phones [ph] love to hear your view on where it's ending up.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Tony. Yes. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have 2 customers right now in production, HTC and Samsung. We're making great progress with both. We're in high-volume production on some very sleek smartphones. There's a number of customers right now that are in various stages of sampling, some traditional Tier 1, some players in Asia. But we certainly expect, as we see success with those 2 customers, we expect several more to ramp during the calendar year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: This holiday season, it seems that the carriers were more aggressive in subsidizing LTE tablets, especially on the Android side. Have you seen a discernible mix shift from WiFi-only tablets to LTE? And is that helping some of your growth drivers into the near term?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. That's a great question. As you know, we've seen really nice attach with Wi-Fi and tablets, and we're also, by the way, seeing tablet expanding dramatically from some of the real strong U.S.-based Tier 1s to a burgeoning market in China. So there -- that's good. So we see unit increase there that's substantial. All of that's been WiFi-enabled. But it is true we're starting to see more and more LTE -- full cellular LTE engines attaching with Wi-Fi. In the past, it may have been about 25% to 30% penetration. We've seen some companies go 100%. But certainly, the dial is moving up, and that does present a real significant pop in content for us.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. I think, Mike, it wasn't much -- it's not a big driver in this last quarter, but I think the trend is clearly there and I expect it to be meaningful in out quarters.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And then, follow-up question -- and that's helpful, Dave. A follow-up question, just going back to some of these interesting design wins and kind of the Internet of Things market, a lot of these early-stage ramps are much smaller than, say, a handset ramp. So how do the gross margins compare now and how can the gross margins in this division maybe improve over time as some of these things, like Nest, could ramp into really big units longer term?
Donald W. Palette: Yes. Mike, as we've said, if you look at the suite of products and systems solutions that we're delivering in the diversified analog space, they are typically accretive to the overall corporate margins. So as we're successful, continuing to gain share and grow that business, it's going to, without question, move our margins forward. But I do want to point out, the margin expansion that you're seeing as well is the value add that we're doing in the complex system solutions that's tied into the mobile space as well. We're having some real good success there, too. So it's both. But clearly, the analog -- that analog piece of business growth margins will expand.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Mike Burton with Brean Capital.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Wanted to follow up on that question -- on the previous one on SkyOne ramping this quarter. Can you remind us the type of dollar content you get there compared to your average and maybe help describe some of those initial platforms you've secured?
Liam K. Griffin: Certainly. Yes. Well, SkyOne is a meaningful increase in content versus even our traditional Tier 1 engagements. So it provides not only a full multi-mode, multi-band power amplifier solutions, we bring in expertly matched and tuned filters. It's configurable. We can make a unique platform for any given customer. And what we also provide is a great deal of the engineering systems benefit. So a customer that has a time-to-market challenge or is spending their R&D budget on look-and-feel industrial design software screens, we can unburden them completely from this cycle engine [ph], so there's a lot of value. The 2 customers that we named, they're really just the beginning. Very proud to be within Samsung, I mean, they're the market leader in this space across the board. They found a great deal of value in our solution. HTC, another player that does incredible industrial design and really good brand, really good look and feel. We were a perfect solution there. And there's a long list of others that we're in various stages of sampling today, so we're quite bullish on our opportunity there.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, also, can you talk a little bit about the wireless infrastructure market? How big is exposure there now for you guys? And have you begun to see any life there? And then, just lastly, any 10% customers?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. On the infrastructure side, I mean, it's an important market for Skyworks and it's been relatively flat over the last few years. We have strong position with Ericsson, with Huawei, with ZTE, Nokia-Siemens, so all of those players. We're starting now to see, finally, some upside with LTE rollouts. Everything that we've spoken about with respect to China and even the smartphone gains in the U.S. are moving towards 4G and LTE solutions. There needs to be that commensurate network infrastructure to handle the data. So we're finally seeing it. It's not double digit right now, but it's slowly moving in that direction. Fortunately, for us, over the last few years, we've really been doing a nice job expanding our reach, adding a lot of new products there, whether they be power management products or highly customized analog solutions. So we'll be in good shape when that market picks up.
Donald W. Palette: And, Mike, the -- it was -- the 10% were Foxconn and Samsung during the quarter.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, I just want to better understand the comments on seasonality. You said the nonmobile would be flat. I guess, everybody has got the old metrics, the 60-40, and I'm assuming that comment assumes some portion of that 40% is also mobile. I know you didn't break out Dave, but if you could just clarify that.
David J. Aldrich: I was -- when I talked about the nonmobile being relatively flat, I just mean everything that's not in the smartphone. That's what I mean.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. And then, if you could just talk about seasonality. It's hard, and there's no real -- given the concentration in customers, things like the seasonality changes every year. Last year, you benefited from a new product ramp. Are you seeing any benefits to the upside as far as major products? Or kind of, if you can just talk about what you're seeing from a seasonality in mobile. Are you seeing products platforms ramp down? Are you getting any benefit? You mentioned SkyOne, but I'm assuming that's not a huge number. Is there any sort of ups versus normal seasonality in mobile besides SkyOne?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, we actually do, Blayne. We see a couple of customers -- or some customers being pretty dramatically down. It's just normal the way they've rolled their products out. We see others up. We see some customers within China up. We -- it's no secret that Samsung tends to take their inventory down and have a soft December. That occurred for us. That's less so in the March quarter, so that's a contributor. We are ramping SkyOne. As Liam mentioned, that has high dollar content. And again, this portion of the business that is nonmobile or outside of a smartphone, we're seeing some nice tablet growth, some nice high dollar content products in these vertical markets. So I think it's really a combination of all those things. But we're certainly not immune from OEMs taking the smartphone volumes down in March. We see some of that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: SkyOne. So I think there's some confusion in the investor base when Qualcomm talks about RF360. I think a lot of folks think SkyOne is a similar product, but it's quite a bit different, isn't it, Liam? It looks like maybe MMPA, some amplifiers, but much more focused on the hardened bands [ph], but more utility. Can you just give us a really brief descriptions of, one, what's in it; and, two, how it varies from what a lot of people think is going on with RF360?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, one of the most important parts is that it's made up of proven core building blocks that have been proven in Skyworks for years. We also have the ability to uniquely configure the solution, so it is not a one-shop-fits-all, kind of, solution. A lot of the work, the tuning, the matching, bringing in multiple bands of filters, using different technologies, as Dave pointed out, we have a very strong partnership with filter players [ph]. We can bring in BAW solutions, we can bring in SAW -- temp comp SAW. We can weave in our own power management, ET-based solutions if needed and then deliver unique MMPAs that wrap around it. So the ability to configure -- highly configure customer by customer rather than give a single monolithic solution is very important to us. We found each engagement to end up uniquely with a different design, and we found our benefit to deliver time-to-market. Our systems and tuning expertise from our teams, all to be really differentiators for SkyOne.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And then, you've mentioned several times that not only just high dollar content but also your margin profile this product is -- is it accretive to mobile, accretive to consolidated margins? Can you give us a feel for that? And does that include any of -- you mentioned the [indiscernible] controller, et cetera or digital controller. Does it include any of the ET products, by that, I mean, amplifiers or modulators?
Donald W. Palette: As Liam said, it's a platform. So case-by-case, the margin profile can swing. But generally, it's at or above our best margins we would see typically in the mobile space. So that's kind of the way to think of it.
David J. Aldrich: And, Ed, with respect to ET, it does not include the ET modulator today. It does include ET PAs tuned and designed from the ground up to be high performance in ET mode.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Suji De Silva with Topeka.
Sujeeva De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So can you talk about what you're seeing in the marketplace from integrated solutions like Qualcomm's RF360 if you're seeing traction there, perhaps, competitively?
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Thank you. We don't see -- the short answer is, no, we don't see traction competitively from the RF360 today. I will say that, by its nature, that product and to some degree, our SkyOne -- or, at least, elements within our SkyOne family, they're very highly integrated products, lots of bands, lots of filtering. We see certain customers -- while perhaps somewhat limited in scope, that really need somebody to come in and step up and provide more functionality. PA-centric, albeit but more functionality. And so -- and then, on top of that, we try to bolt and we do bolt around that front-end functionality, that transmit chain functionality, a lot of GPS, power management, tuning devices. So I would say that we don't see competitive threat today, if you will, but we do see an opportunity to compete in the sense that both products provide for that segment of the market a complete solution. I'll also mention that we really are seeing a lot more content attach rate with Qualcomm, whether it's QRD or Qualcomm here with a lot more product. So I'm really delighted with the amount of partnership, the relationship and the fact that we have a lot of dollar content.
Sujeeva De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful color. And then, on the balance sheet, you did a good job buying back shares here, but you're generating a lot of cash and building up a significant amount of cash balance. What's the comfortable level of cash for you guys? And would you contemplate dividend given the strength of your fundamentals?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Suji. We did -- Thanks. We ended the quarter at $649 million in cash, and we're really happy with our consistent ability and the velocity with which we convert the strong earnings into cash flow. We're always looking at the capital structure. And clearly, when you look at our financial growth opportunities in the model going forward, that we're going to continue to buy back stock. We think it's an excellent way to deliver shareholder value. And just to frame that for everybody, we -- over the last 5 quarters, we have spent around $190 million on share buybacks. We still have over $200 million approved by the board of share buybacks. So we'll continue to be in the market to do that. You balance that with maintaining the financial flexibility for strategic growth initiatives. So that's one of the things that we do. And then, we absolutely are looking at a dividend as a possibility in the future. There's no question.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Hoping to get a little bit more on your capital spending plans or your capital addition plans for the year.
Donald W. Palette: Hello. Yes, sure, Tom. I would -- we don't really provide guidance going out, but CapEx for us is really volume dependent. So as we're making CapEx investments above our depreciation level around $20 million, that's a positive thing. The payback on the capital we're putting in is generally very, very short, and it's based on our visibility to volumes. I think it's safe to say that you should be thinking about something slightly above our depreciation level for now for the last 3 quarters of the fiscal year. That's a safe starting place.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, when you look at some of your integrated modules, can you talk more about the potential to get access to BAW filters in the future?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Well, it's interesting, the integrated modules, whether it be PADs or SkyOne, if you look at the teardown reports, we've got a fairly big footprint now in filters. We are in production today with a host of different SAW devices. We're now shipping temperature-compensated SAW products and designing those into our modules. And we expect, throughout 2014, for there to be some bands. There won't be very many of them, but there'll be some bands because of the tight band spacing and coupled with high frequency, where there will be some BAW devices.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And do your suppliers have access to that yet?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, yes.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I just want to get your thoughts on who your top 10 -- the 3 -- or top 3 major customers in the quarter [indiscernible] how do you see the China market?
Donald W. Palette: Well, Vijay, the top 10 -- the only 10% customers this quarter were Foxconn and Samsung.
David J. Aldrich: And I think the China market, we're expecting to see very robust smartphone growth. We're seeing 4G attach. We've got a good lineup of our products with QRD, Qualcomm and with MediaTek and others, and we're benefiting not only from the increased complexity on the transmit side, but we're sweeping in a lot more high-performance Wi-Fi connectivity power lighting and display and some voltage and power. So we're seeing an increase in content as the shift to smartphone occurs. So we feel very good about China.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And if I may have a follow-up, when you look at the gross margins, you're doing very well on the gross margin side. What are the levers that should go through 2014 on that? Obviously, some are very nicely, but how do you see that going forward?
David J. Aldrich: For '14...
David J. Aldrich: As I said, we want you to continue to model an incremental 48%, which is going to expand margin as we grow. And it's driven by a long list of items, the products -- the new products we're releasing, the design, the system solutions, the value-add that's driving margin. Our focus on the metrics in the factory in driving yield and productivity leveraging the CapEx investment, so it's a long list of things that will continue to enable us to drive that margin expansion forward.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating tonight, and I look forward to seeing you all at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti  David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and Corporate General Manager
Analysts: Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' fourth fiscal quarter 2013 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We'll then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we'll discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report that we delivered a strong close to the 2013 fiscal year, with fourth quarter results beating our prior expectations on the top and bottom line. Our out performance was driven by our expanding diversified analog footprint and growth in custom solutions for connectivity platforms coupled with a laser focus on execution. During the fourth quarter, we posted revenue of $477 million. That's up 9%, sequentially, and more than 13% versus last year. We produced operating income of $130 million, that's up 26% versus last year. We earned $0.64 in diluted earnings per share, up more than 20% versus last year and $0.02 ahead of our guidance. We also generated $166 million in cash flow from operations. Our strong fourth quarter performance closed out a record 2013 for Skyworks. To recap, for the full year, we posted over 14% top line growth, achieving revenue of nearly $1.8 billion. We grew our operating income by 19%, exiting the fiscal year with operating margins of 27%. And we generated over $0.5 billion in cash flow from operations. We also repurchased over 8 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $22.75 per share. The growth, profitability and cash flow metrics that we achieved in 2013 put us among the best-of-breed within our broader peer group and highlight our differentiated business model. Looking ahead, we see this momentum continuing. Our strategy of aggressively investing in diversified analog markets, while capturing more value through custom system solutions will enable us to continue to drive above market -- above market top line growth, profit margin expansion, strong earnings leverage and robust cash flow. For more detailed commentary on the quarter, I'll now turn it over to Don for his financial review and outlook.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone. We appreciate that. I'm going to provide a more in-depth review of our fourth quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2014. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $477 million, and that's up over 9% sequentially, and more than 13% year-over-year. Gross profit was $211.8 million or 44.4% of revenue, ahead of the midpoint of our guidance range and up 150 basis points from a year ago. Operating expenses were $81.5 million, consisting of R&D expense of $49.2 million and SG&A expense of $32.3 million. Operating income was $130.3 million for the quarter. That translates into 27.3% operating margin. Our cash tax rate was 7.3%, slightly better than our prior forecast based on favorable year-end tax adjustments. Net income was $121.2 million or $0.64 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.02 better than our guidance. Turning to the fourth quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $166 million in cash flow from operations, we invested $38 million in capital expenditures, with depreciation of $19 million, exited the fiscal year with $511 million in cash and no debt. And we repurchased over 800,000 shares of our common stock. For the full fiscal year, we produced $508 million in cash flow from operations, with free cash flow of $384 million. That represents over 8% free cash flow yield based on our most recent stock price. Finally, our return on invested capital was 20.5% for fiscal 2013, well ahead of our weighted average cost of capital. Turning to our first quarter 2014 business outlook. We expect Q1 revenue to be $500 million, our first quarter as a company at a $2 billion annualized revenue run rate. We expect gross margins to continue trending higher and recommend modeling at 48% drop-through of incremental revenue to the gross profit line. That translates in the first quarter gross margin of around 44.5%. We expect operating expenses to be approximately $82.5 million, resulting in operating margins of 28%, and that's a 270-basis-point improvement from Q1 of 2013. Over the course of fiscal 2014, we expect continued margin enhancement driven by growth of our diversified analog business and by capturing new customized content across the world's leading connectivity platforms. All the line, we anticipate $100,000 in expense from interest income and other expenses, and a cash tax rate around 10%. We expect our cash tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of 2014 fiscal year. As a result, we expect Q1 EPS of $0.66 using a base of 191 million shares. Many of the drivers for a strong 2014 are in place today, giving us a high level of confidence in our growth trajectory over the course of the year and putting us on a clear path to achieving our midterm business model of 30% operating margins at a quarterly revenue level of $550 million. And just as a reminder, this would produce around $3 in annualized earnings per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on our market trends and growth strategy.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Don. We're quite pleased by our recent financial performance. And more importantly, we're excited about 2014 and beyond. Our consistently strong business results reflect the healthy underlying trends in our served market and our success in capitalizing on these opportunities. These include the widespread adoption of connectivity in all its forms across a diverse set of end markets. The dramatic increase in analog complexity driven by the proliferation of communication protocols and enhanced functionality, and OEMs need to align with partners capable of providing a total system solution that maximizes performance. So for the remainder of the call, I'll discuss how our business strategy is designed to capitalize on these trends, generating above market growth with best-in-class financial returns. At a high level, there are 2 underlying components to our strategic plan. First, we're aggressively investing in growth opportunities across diversified analog end markets. And second, we are capturing more value to highly customized system solutions. The end result is that Skyworks facilitates the adoption of all forms of connectivity within devices, across the supporting infrastructure and throughout the broad markets. Starting with the broader market opportunity, it is clear that connectivity has evolved into a critical enabling technology within the traditional analog landscape, and in fact, represents the biggest growth vector in these markets today. Just as an example, General Electric recently announced that it will incorporate Machine-to-Machine communications across its entire industrial portfolio, including jet engines, including locomotives, turbines and medical devices, representing millions of GE products in total. This is just one example of how traditional analog end markets like industrial, medical, automotive are embracing connectivity. In many cases, for the first time and intersecting directly with Skyworks' core competencies, these are highly attractive markets for us, characterized by longer product life cycles, far fewer competitors and higher margins. Skyworks participates in these markets by leveraging core analog and mixed signal design capabilities and a very broad product catalog. Our portfolio spans all connectivity standards and includes power management ICs, panel lighting and display modules and switching solutions, along with more traditional analog products. This opportunity creates -- the opportunity that this creates is tremendous. And for example, Cisco forecasted there will be 50 billion connected devices by 2020. In fact, we recorded a number of new design wins during the quarter that illustrate our growing diversification in areas like medical. This is a newer market for Skyworks, relatively small in size for us today, but it is representing a significant growth driver in the coming years. We build the presence in this market through investment in product line expansion and field applications engineering teams and systems development. And for example, in the fourth quarter, we won a custom optical emitter detector module with Varian Medical for oncology radiation applications. We've also been designed into Magnetic Resonance Imaging or MRI applications, where we provide switch matrices for reactors and limited diodes -- limiter diodes, utilizing literally dozens of Skyworks devices. In total, we provide a portfolio of the analog solutions for a wide range of medical applications like hearing aids and glucose monitors, heart defibrillators and patient telemetry applications. And we're already aligned with the major medical equipment makers like GE Medical, Boston Scientific and Medtronic, among others. Our Q4 design wins also include a diverse set of applications like DC/DC convertors and LED backlight drivers for automotive displays at LG. Like power management ICs and ZigBee Front Ends for WNC's portfolio of remote lighting, in-home monitoring security platforms. Low noise amplifiers for the broadcast microphone portfolio at Shure. Hi-rel analog solutions with Cobham, EADS and Teledyne and low-power Smart Energy solutions supporting communications hubs, meters and in-home displays with Silicon Labs. In summary, we're quite excited about the breadth of new market opportunities that deploy Skyworks' technology. Turning to the second component of our growth strategy, we are capturing more value through highly customized system solutions. Growth of connected devices is projected to continue at a healthy pace for the next several years, but more importantly, Skyworks' addressable content is being driven higher. By the adoption of precision location-based services and upgraded local area connectivity, both of which require highly customized isolation and shielding to avoid coexistent issues with adjacent communication protocols. High-performance power management ASICs and LCD backlighting to support higher resolution displays and more complex camera flash approaches. System-level architectural trends like tuning, carrier aggregation and diversity to maximize data bandwidth within today's spectrum constraints, and brand proliferation with significant expansion in global 4G, LTE capabilities. The net result is an expanding addressable market opportunity for Skyworks. And in fact, it's not uncommon for us today to target addressable content of more than $12 within leading platforms. This is more than twice that of just a few years ago, and we see numerous opportunities to continue adding new content in the coming years. So in closing, our force -- our fourth fiscal quarter marked another strong performance for Skyworks, and we are optimistic about our prospects for 2014. Our strategy of growing our diversified analog footprint, while capturing more value through custom system solutions will enable us to continue producing best-in-class results. This concludes our prepared remarks. So operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Stephens.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, in your business highlight section of the press release, there was not a single cellphone design win. So when you talk of diversity, Dave, are you talking about diversity of revenues into analog, or more specifically, diversity of revenues into analog away from cellphones?
David J. Aldrich: No, Harsh. Thank you. It's not away from cellphones. It's more the fact that the smartphone market, tablets and the like, they're very large components and drivers of a broader connectivity landscape. So when we talk about connectivity, we talk about location-based services for example, Wi-Fi connectivity, power management and expanding our footprint. We're talking about mobile as well as the Connected Home, as well as medical application, the automobile, Machine-to-Machine. So we're really talking about connectivity in a more broad sense.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, could you, Dave, maybe talk about your assumptions for the China market in the near-term and even the Korean market on the large customer there? There's been a lot of talk that there's variations going on in the order activity. Any color that you can give us would be helpful.
Liam K. Griffin: Harsh, this is Liam. With respect to China, we have a very strong position there as we've had in the past, with all the major players, MediaTek, Spreadtrum. We've seeing great opportunity going into 2014 and beyond, as they move through an upgrade cycle that's really is in the early innings. As you know, probably 80% of the subscribers today in China are carrying a 2G phone. MediaTek for example, moving from dual- to quad-core chipsets. Supporting customers like Lenovo and CoolPad and others, great partnership for us. And I think, one of the opportunities you should see is not only an expansion in our core power amplifier and multi-band, but also will start to weave in Wi-Fi and power management, GPS and other capabilities around analog. So that should be a growth for us. And with respect to Korea, we have seen in some cases, some inventory correction there, but it's all been factored into our guidance. Nothing that surprises us, and nothing that will impact our numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Walkley from Canaccord.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Don, just a quick housekeeping question. Can you just give us a split between the handset and HPA business, and then I have a follow-up question.
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Mike, it's consistent where we've been [indiscernible] it's 40% HPA and partially 60% handset.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Great. And if we just look longer term, we're a big believer also in the Internet of Everything and Machine-to-Machine market. But with the opportunities you highlighted, and the growing band LTE et cetera. Over the next year or 2, it seems like the TAM of just of handset side of your business grows to double-digits, so do you anticipate the next staying similar for you 2 businesses over time?
David J. Aldrich: This is Dave, Mike. No, I don't. I think that the non-handset component of our business will grow and become a larger component than the 40% that it is today, because we talked about medical in the prepared comments. It's a relatively nascent market in terms of connectivity, but the opportunities are exploding, Machine-to-Machine. So I think, the year-over-year growth rates in connectivity into some of these newer burgeoning markets is going to grow -- allow us to grow faster. You're right. Within mobile, what we're really seeing is not so much of the growth coming from traditional products, but being able to provide more custom system solutions and incorporate power management location-based services, like Wi-Fi connectivity and lighting and display. So we done a -- we think a good job of adding more content growing that way within mobile -- it's highly defensible, it's higher margin and then continuing to round out our market portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, how's the visibility into the flagship models for 2014? So if you, for example, look at the top 3, 4, 5 models that you're in today, would you expect your content to be flat, up or down next year? Any color would be helpful.
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think, Vivek, if I could answer that question more broadly, there is a trend that is not slowing down and that is -- these devices in general, high-end smartphones as well as the upgrade cycle from 2Gs feature phones to smartphones in places like China, is sweeping in much more content and complexity, the screens are becoming, in many cases bigger, but in all cases a higher resolution, the cameras are moving to do full-flash AMOLED technologies. You're starting to see more complex power management and voltage regulations systems required to support low-current consumption. Connectivity with GPS and Wi-Fi being virtually across the board, so I think in general, you should look at the content gains for a broad analog provider like Skyworks, continuing for many years to come. I don't see that slowing down. And then, I think, as you start to see connectivity in its nascent state moving into these other markets, you'll start to see a shift towards a more balanced portfolio of end markets for Skyworks, in addition to a much broader set of functions, customized into a system solution. It's sticky, it's defensible, and we make much higher margin in those class of products.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I see. And as a follow-up, Dave, I always very surprised to look at the growth rate you guys have delivered versus the discount that your stock sells at versus say, TriQuint or Avago, presumably, one of the factors is that those guys have access to broad FBAR filters, and you perhaps do not. I'm wondering, are you being, I don't know if handicap is the right word, but are you being held back in any way in going after certain sockets or do you think you might undergo their growth rates because you don't have access to broad FBAR filter capability?
David J. Aldrich: Vivek, that's the first time I've heard the question asked quite that way. I feel absolutely not. Filters has not been an impediment. If you look at closely at tear down reports of those platforms that use filters integrated with other devices, I think, we're the largest. We produce many, many filters, and we participate broadly, and I think our model is quite unique. We don't sell discrete filters, and I think, that's a big advantage for us. We like the margin structure of more highly customized solutions and integrated solutions. And what we're able to do in SkyOne and PADs and our GPS modules is we're able to couple the very best process with the frequency or with the application. For example, below 2 GHz, if you look at those tear down reports, if you look at our product portfolio below 2 GHz, we use surface acoustic devices and when its spacing is narrow, the frequency spectrum spacing is narrow, we use temp comp saw[ph] devices from a different supplier. Above 2 GHz, in some cases when there is narrow spacing, we'll use a bulk device. As we have strategic partners that are giving us a very good pricing with quite differentiated solutions in each one of those technology nodes. So, no, it's not in the least bit hampering our growth in the margin structures for those products are quite good.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One last one, if I can squeeze it. If you look at the non-handset market, I would assume that it would be able to grow faster for you guys in the handset market because those are new under-penetrated markets. So if you could address that? And is it fair to assume that those are more profitable markets for you?
David J. Aldrich: It is, as I mentioned earlier, we expect a ratio of 60-40 to swing over time. More growth in these markets for the very reason you've highlighted. They're nascent adopters of connectivity but the growth rate, sequentially, we expect to be very strong. And because of our very broad system portfolio, we are able to address it. In those cases, many of these customers are not proficient at all in connectivity, and in wireless and we're able to land a complete solution that make it very easy for them to get to market. So we expect to grow very fast there.
Donald W. Palette: And almost all of those are accretive as far as the return standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: But my first question, Dave, is are you guys broadcasting from the side of the Analyst Day?
David J. Aldrich: I'm sorry, say that again?
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Are you guys broadcasting tonight's call from [indiscernible]...
David J. Aldrich: No, unfortunately, we're not. We're here in the dark conference room in Woburn, Massachusetts. I wish we were though.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Sorry. I just had to ask. On a serious note, just a quick question, you talked in some of the prepared comments about the mix shift of some of that opportunities in analog, and I'm just wondering, within HPA, can you give us a sense what percent of HPA is in sort of the non-mobile device segment? is that may be the half of HPA and does it -- it sounds like the non-mobile side of HPA, probably used a faster growing part of business over a long period of time. If that's the case, do you think ultimately you can drive to a better than 47% incremental margin as you see that mix shift kick in?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think it is definitely much more in the non-mobile than it is in the mobile. And I think what you're referring to, Quinn, must be that, we have Wi-Fi solutions that we sell broadly and everywhere. And some of those solutions do, in fact, go into smartphones and tablets. But I think broadly speaking, again, we expect the non-mobile piece of our business to grow more quickly over time than the mobile piece. They are accretive to margin. And it will over the long haul continue to see -- help us improve our returns. And in fact, as Don talked about in the prepared remarks, this quarter we guided to about 28 points. Although in the midterm we see 30 points at $550 million of revenue a quarter. We're $500 million now. And that's a function of diversification within custom analog solutions in mobile, outside of mobile and our entry into new markets.
N. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Then just a quick follow-up on the PA side. Qualcomm's out with RF360. It looks like Peregrine Semiconductor just announced the new SOI-based process that they could integrate PAs and switches. Are you guys looking at silicon germanium as a platform for integration? Or are you seeing pretty good demand for modules like SkyOne and don't necessarily see silicon germanium is the right integration platform?
David J. Aldrich: It's interesting. The answer is yes to both. We see SkyOne. In fact, we have our first 2 customers who are ramping production now. So you'll be able to buy 2 different high-end phone -- or high-volume phone models this year. We're excited about that. We have other customers coming online. So it's a great sort of highly integrated and also high-performance solution. It by the way contains SOI content, silicon content, as well as other process technology. Again, focusing on the right process for the function and integrating it in a very inexpensive way using our proprietary manufacturing techniques. We probably ship -- in our connectivity markets alone, we ship over 100 million SOI and silicon germanium devices a quarter. So I think we're probably the biggest procurer of SOI wafers. And we ship more than anybody, I think, in the market today. I believe that's right. So we're quite agnostic. We will ship SOI, silicon germanium. We will ship HBT. And we will ship pure bulk CMOS. Again, focusing on what's the best process for the function where we will have a fair and a high return, and we can provide the appropriate level of integration for the customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Good numbers here. I had a question on the gross margin line again. How much room do you have there? Obviously, it has come up very nicely and you're well above your peers. How much room do you have there as you look at fiscal '14? And what are the levers there to improve that?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Vijay, this is Don. I mean, the best way to do that is the way we've been talking about modeling it. I would continue to use the 48% incremental margin on all the increased revenue contribution, and that's -- the underlying assumption is, when Dave talked about 30% at $550 million. So take the latest guidance and drop that incremental revenue through at 48%, and you'll see the margin expansion opportunity. But then the real opportunity longer term -- that's short term -- longer term is, as we continue to provide more and more of these complex systems solutions and move towards more and more analog, we would expect that contribution to increase over time. But for '14, that's not the way to model it.
David J. Aldrich: And Vijay, I'd add to Don's comment. You've asked the question in an interesting way. You said our gross margin is above our peers. I don't look at it that way. I think our gross margin today is below our peers. Our operating income is in line with the best among the diversified analog companies. But if you look at companies who are in power management, voltage system solutions around analog mixed signals, their gross margins are higher than ours. And that's where we aspire. I think when you talk about our peers, we don't compare ourselves to traditional PA-like companies, we compare ourselves to highly-diversified, well-run analog companies.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. Good to have high aspirations there. Going on to the Qualcomm RF360, are you seeing that in the market? I mean, is there -- how do you see -- do you see that taking away from the RF market next year with some of those integrated solutions there?
David J. Aldrich: You know the short answer to that today is no. And the reason for that is, the vast majority of our OEM customers continue to look for custom solutions with very high performance requirements. And they raise that bar with every new model. I suppose there could be and will be a narrow market with less stringent performance requirements that would utilize a pre-configured system in a package. But even in this segment, we tend to win with configurations like SkyOne, different approaches to MMMB technology, PADs and so on, that are more configurable with a very low cost structure. So in short, we see no impact to our business model and don't see it for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. Just following-up, you guys had a very nice performance here and guidance. And I was just wondering if -- given that if you could talk a little bit about your cycle times and how you go to market with your customers given your record of performance here. Do you think you're able to, say, hold less inventory and able to deliver it more quickly? So part of the question is, how quickly or how soon ahead of when your customer's product ramp are you able to ship? And do you think that's better than maybe what your peers are doing that leads you to give some better performance and better guidance?
David J. Aldrich: Our inventory turns right now are pushing 5, we think that's good. We can do better over the long haul. We have aspirations to just continue to reduce our cycle times to increase those turns. That's an aspiration we have across the balance sheet. Our cycle times range from a few weeks in processes in which we're vertically integrated to a couple of months where we have to go out and buy things like CMOS controllers and SOI devices. So I think we have -- and we're able to because we do our own assembly and test. And we think we're pretty fast on our feet. I do think we have a cycle time advantage vis–à–vis our competition, and we don't see any issue intersecting with our customer ramps or supporting those ramps based on cycle time.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on the gross margin and your point about seeing the analog guys more as your peers for gross margin. Is it fair to say that as technology evolves here that it's a more full featured SkyOne solution, et cetera, that would allow you to get to that gross margin that you're talking about? Or could you still do it even if you had like, say, a one-off PA for, say, an LTE phone is -- given cost improvements or whatever, could you potentially get to maybe a 50% gross margin or something just on a PA?
David J. Aldrich: Steve, I think I'd look at it this way. The standalone PA is becoming increasingly a smaller percentage of our business. It's not what is driving the long-term return and growth of the market. When we look at mobile, we look at mobility in terms of a smartphone. We really think that the customer base is becoming less interested in differentiating at the chipset level and looking for companies that are broad, that are smart, that can ramp quickly and support future cost structures that will enable high usage. And there aren't many companies who could do that. So we increasingly don't sell components. We don't want to promote the component business because it's too easy to create competition among the OEMs. So what we do is, we focus on customization. We have, for example, in location GPS modules that we're selling by the hundreds of millions right now, and those GPS modules are fully shield and filtered. It's patented. It's proprietary processes using our own manufacturing. And no one else can do it. And we get paid a premium for it. The Wi-Fi upgrade to AC using SOI and SIGI [ph] and other technologies and our own packaging gives us a differential performance advantage. When we do SkyOne, it's kind of the ultimate because we give them everything from the output of the transceiver to the antenna and everything in between, and it's completely custom. It's all ours. And we don't compete with anybody for components. So it's not a PA business. It's a system solution business that is mixed signal and analog. It is mobile to the sense that there are a lot of smartphones sold, but is increasingly markets that are growing into connectivity in this overall fabric called broad market connectivity, where we think we're broader. We think we have the scale. We know we have the customer relationships. And that's where our growth in margin and revenue is going to come from over the next many years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe if you could just talk about, I mean, obviously, I probably should start with the nice guidance. And I would say, some of your peers have talked about corrections at some of the smartphone vendors. If you could just talk about broadly the space, and you, obviously, are offsetting that. But are you seeing any end-of-the-year corrections as many else have?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Blayne, this is Liam. We noted earlier on a prior question that there was a little bit of a correction in Korea. We had visibility to that. It's completely factored into our guidance. And with that account, I should add that we're doing quite well on new product upgrades in the next cycle of smartphones there. So it really isn't anything to be concerned with. We understand it. We recognize it. But it's been fully monetized into our numbers.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. And then you probably don't want to guide -- talk too much about Q1, I mean, some of your peers have talked about a more normal pattern in Q1, down double digits. If you can maybe talk about whether there's any factors that would be offsetting of any sort of normal trend, and what you consider a normal trend into Q1?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think -- in fact, Blayne, if you go back and look at the last few years, it's obviously a little too early to give specifics about March. It's normally a seasonally down quarter. It will be that way probably this year. But this trend that we're seeing with these new products from Skyworks that are solving some unique difficult problems our OEMs are facing. We're getting them get designed in now, and they're going into production this quarter, next quarter and quarters beyond. So we're seeing an uptake in SkyOne. We're seeing an uptake in a number of different power-based devices and lighting devices, both within mobile and outside of mobile. So I think like prior years, we expect to do better and -- to do substantially better than what would be a normally seasonally down quarter.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then if I can just get one more. I apologize -- there's a couple of calls tonight -- if you already answered this. But the prior answer to SkyOne was, you had parts but there hasn't been a lot of uptick. But has something changed and that you're seeing a more meaningful uptick there?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, we have 2 customers that have gone through type approval. They're ramping now. And there'll be phones available in late November, December. And we have more to follow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Dave, a couple of questions. First, what do you think your blend is, GaAs versus everything else? And by that I mean, in all its implementations, both in your analog business and then also in cellular? And then, kind of a similar approach, other technologies like SOI, particularly in cellular. It's clear that a lot of the bigger handset guys are moving -- I don't want to say more and more away from GaAs because it's still the core technology -- but certainly, other technologies are playing a bigger role in leading with these other OEMs. I'm just kind of curious of how that mix is working for you guys right now.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think your basic question is correct. We're seeing, yes, this hybrid model, this fab-light model works really well for us now because we have been scaling up SOI, scaling up CMOS, scaling up other process nodes and technology. And we've been working on those for years. While at the same time, GaAs is an important enabler for certain high-performance applications for the output, transmit -- the output stage of the PA, for example, in most applications, but we're seeing a much bigger and faster growth in CMOS and silicon. To this point, I think we're much less than 1/2 on a device-by-device level, much less than 1/2 gallium arsenide than we are silicon as broadly defined.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Great. And then last year, you were kind of punished because expectations got out of hand for this time with a big new product launch. It sure seems it's been going on much better. And it's no secret, I mean, you haven't had the problem that your peers had with a really lopsided -- this kind of allocation of revenue between the 2 quarters, September and December. Is that one, just that you have a higher module content than most of your competitors, so that you're spread over evenly, I think, which hurt maybe last year? Or how much leverage, not leverage, but how much control do you have in terms of how you stack up your shipments or just manage it tighter than them? I'm trying to figure out how you came off so much better than your peers in a quarter that was heavily skewed for just about everybody.
David J. Aldrich: We have no control over how we skew shipments. We ship to our customers demand. In effect, we run 99% on delivery the customer requests. So we have no visibility. We have [indiscernible] and much of our revenue comes through [indiscernible] and there is no flexibility there whatsoever. So I think it's more about the diversified nature of our business even though you see some OEMs in a quarter that don't do as well as others. We tend to be shipping to all of them. We do manage our turns very closely so that we have short cycle times, and we're able to ramp up and down quickly.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, and one other comment I think that we've noted throughout the discussion today is that, again, it's not just the power amplifier and the traditional multimode, multiband devices. It's an uptake in what we call our mobile analog, where we're delivering all those technologies that Dave mentioned, Wi-Fi, very, very intense switch applications, now we add ASM, antennas healing, seeing a substantial increase in those devices that wrap around that core in power amplifier.
Donald W. Palette: And that's across all OEMs. I mean, that's the power of the increase, too.
David J. Aldrich: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Burton from Brean Capital.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Don, first on OpEx, great job there. Sticking to your word and keeping that flat. Can you help us heading into next year, what are some of the factors that may move that number around, for example, the merit increases or just running the top line will demand a greater R&D investment?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, thanks for the question, Mike. We've been pretty consistent about when you're modeling that you might see -- expect maybe about $1 million a quarter, and that's kind of what you're seeing with the guidance in this last quarter, a little bit above that. Midyear, midyear for us is starting in the June quarter. We do have a merit increase and a significant amount of OpEx is labor. So that will affect that. And we're making targeted investments, both in R&D and our marketing and sales field apps. So for these investments are, in our minds, going to pay -- contribute a lot of shareholder value down to return because it's going to allow us to position our product portfolio to gain share. So we view these as very critical. So by the end of the year, and that's the calendar year, you could expect an OpEx level of maybe about $85 million. And we -- that's pretty consistent with what we've been saying.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, so still -- we're still unaware of any adoption of the complete RF360 solution yet, but Qualcomm is now shipping its envelope tracker. So some of your competitors are saying that they have an advantage getting some of these early sockets with some of their own systems expertise that they're bringing in. Can you point us to any design wins that are coming right now where your PAs are being used with Qualcomm's or a competitor's tracker?
David J. Aldrich: Sure, yes. I mean, there's really a broad list of opportunities that we've won, and we'll be going into production that utilize envelope tracking. In many cases, what we're seeing is the tracker is not -- the power amplifier comes in separately. The tracker is integrated with the baseband and the SoC. So that's not an issue. We're seeing that in some of the smartphones that are in production now this quarter. And if you go out into 2014, more and more wins for us. And I should also say that in the interim, you are also seeing APT, average power tracking, as an enabler for efficiency. We have very high share with that. And that's with Qualcomm and with others.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely from D. A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just another margin question for you here. Your 48% incremental gross margin is very clear. Sounds like that goes up over time as the non-handset business starts to ramp. I'm curious though, on the operating expense side, when you go to more diversified customers, is there going to be a long-term effect on the operating expense with sales and marketing that we need to think about?
Donald W. Palette: No, not any long-term step function change. I think that's kind of the way you're thinking about it. We still think it's very manageable. And the key to us is, all along we've talked about this, we are going to make some targeted investment, but there's a tremendous amount of leverage, and we don't see that going away in the model. So as we add revenue, it's not linear, so that's going to be a key component for us to drive to 30% and beyond as far as our income return.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. That sounds good. And then just quickly on the tax rate. You talked about just a modest cash tax rate for this year, '14. Longer term, is there kind of a peak cash tax rate we need to start thinking about?
Donald W. Palette: Well, it's really difficult to do that. Even for a year, it's tough to do it. But beyond that, we've just been saying, we've done some long-term estimates. But for beyond '14, we think in '15, that the good number to use is 12% to 14%. But again, that's a pretty high-level estimate. But we haven't really guided it beyond that. The GAAP and the cash rate will converge a little bit over time, but there will always be a significant benefit. And we're seeing that when you look at the rate posted this year, a little over 7% and business initiatives and restructuring that we've done clearly is adding shareholder value to the company.
Operator: Next, we'll go back to the line of Mike Walkley from Cannacord.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: With the strong cash that you've been generating, can you just share your thoughts on additional buybacks or a potential dividend given your predictable business now with the strong cash returns.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, thanks, Mike. It's something that we look at regularly. We're always analyzing the capital structure because we do have some alternatives to consider. And when you look at the business model and the growth opportunity from the top line and translating that into the 30-plus percent, we just think buying back stock continues to be a really strong way to deliver shareholder value. But you want to balance that with having cash available to maintain financial flexibility for strategic growth initiatives. So we try to balance those two out. We did repurchase 8 million of shares, 8 million shares in '13, which was $173 million. And at some point, dividend is certainly something we would consider as well.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And Don, just while I have you, can you tell us what you said for the tax rate next year? I missed that.
Donald W. Palette: In '14?
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Cash tax rate.
Donald W. Palette: 10%. 10%.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Sorry for all the questions, guys. But overall, your Wi-Fi, is all your Wi-Fi components included in your HPA, none of it is in your cellular at this point, is that correct?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Ed, in the 40-60 split, the 40% HPA and 60%. In that split, all of the Wi-Fi mobile connectivity business is in that 40%. That's correct.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Okay. And increasingly, with carrier aggregation release 10 and LTE coming up here, I know there's a lot of designs in the work that focus more on the switching aspects of it, especially the front end of it, of the carrier aggregation. I know that it gets larger. How do you see yourself positioned there? I know of Microtech [ph] too, the antenna switch modules at Apple, which is obviously a key piece for the 2015 or '14 phone. But Skyworks is also very big in SOI and growing. Do you feel that you're in a competitive position for a lot of those designs next year and the year after that kind of focus on CA and the SOI product?
David J. Aldrich: You're right, Ed. And one of the -- really, the big driver of carrier aggregation in terms of overall content is very precise switching algorithm that need to take place. And so, and as I said, I think we are a leader, if not the leader in SOI. And we have a suite of antenna tuners. We've been shipping them for a long time, both before SOI was used in different ways to affect that tuning in an efficient way. And we're all over that with a good portfolio. We expect to see multiple designs in production in 2014. It's just another, albeit highly complex, analog switching algorithm.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, and I think, Ed, as you know, it represents a substantial increase in complexity and content for providers like Skyworks. We see as many as 30 switch arms in some of the newer smartphones. And absolutely, we're going to be all over it. We've won a couple of major sockets in APAC with carrier aggregation, and we'll be winning more domestically and abroad going into 2014.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And then, so then Liam, that begs another question there. In carrier -- and there's a lot of talk about it, and I think a lot of investors don't really understand what CA involves right now. But in the big picture, the content increase in CA is mostly focused in what areas? Switching, filtering, PAs, where would you?
Liam K. Griffin: It's in switching. I mean, we're not even talking about the PA. Certainly, when you're in a carrier aggregation environment, you have larger protocols and connectivity, LTE, et cetera, but the switch arms go up substantially. And we've been in this business a long time. We have SOI capability. We have P Amp. We'd probably not use it as much in CA. We have filtering capability. And it's certainly a market that we expect to be a leader.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for participating today, and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and Corporate General Manager
Analysts: Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thanks, Lori. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Third Fiscal Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We'll then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we'll discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone. We had another strong performance in the third quarter of fiscal 2013, exceeding guidance across all key metrics. I'm pleased with the progress we've made towards our overarching strategic goals of diversification and market expansion. Both of these initiatives contributed towards our outperformance in the third quarter. Along with this, our growing portfolio of highly integrated, high-performance analog solutions helped to drive strong sequential margin improvement and helped to drive earning upside. During the quarter, we posted revenue of $436 million. That's up 12% year-over-year. We delivered gross margin of 44%, nearly a 200-basis-point increase versus the prior quarter. We produced operating profit of $112 million. That's up 22% versus a year ago. And we earned $0.54 per share, and that's up over 20% year-over-year and $0.01 better than our guidance. We also repurchased roughly 4 million shares of our common stock during the quarter and ending with a cash balance of $400 million. And finally, our return on invested capital was over 20%. This is well in excess of our cost of capital. And for the current quarter, we are guiding revenue to be up nearly 9% sequentially to $475 million, driven by contributions from new market initiatives, program ramps and share gains. During the fourth quarter, we'll continue to demonstrate the significant earnings leverage in our business model. Based on the outlook for strong revenue growth, gross margin expansion and operating expense leverage, we are guiding for fourth quarter EPS of $0.62, representing a 17% year-over-year growth. Our near-term results continue to be quite healthy, but more importantly, our long-term outlook remains very bright. We're in a unique position to capitalize as advanced forms of connectivity spread across a widening array of end markets. As our guidance implies, fiscal 2013 will be a record earnings year for Skyworks. And with our current opportunity funnel and recent design momentum, we put in place the groundwork to continue our above-market growth trajectory, realizing our vision of providing mobile Internet growth with the financial returns of a diversified analog company. Before going into more detailed market update, I'd like to turn it over to Don for an in-depth review of our financial results and our outlook.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining, everyone. Revenue for the third quarter was $436.1 million, slightly ahead of our prior guidance of $435 million. Gross profit was $191.8 million or 44% of revenue. That's up 180 basis points sequentially and 80 basis points from the third quarter of 2012. Our strong margin performance reflects the strategic shift in our product portfolio toward more differentiated performance-based solutions. Operating expenses were $80 million, in line with our guidance and consisting of R&D expense of $49.3 million and SG&A expense of $30.7 million. We generated $111.9 million of operating income, up 22% versus last year. Operating margin was 25.7%, a 220 basis-point increase versus the year-ago quarter. Below the line, we recorded $200,000 in other expenses and had a cash tax rate of 7.5%. Net income was $103.8 million or $0.54 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.01 better than guidance and representing earnings growth of 20% year-over-year. Turning to our third quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $65 million of cash flow from operations. We invested $33.4 million in capital expenditures and had depreciation of $18.5 million. We also repurchased nearly 4 million shares of our common stock, representing an investment of roughly $92 million. And we exited the quarter with $400 million in cash and no debt. Our business continues to generate very strong cash flow, and we are on a path to produce over $450 million in cash flow from operations for fiscal 2013. Given the positive momentum in our business and our fine confidence in our future prospects, we continue to believe that repurchasing shares of our common stock represents a highly accretive use of cash. As a result of our more aggressive activity over the last 3 quarters, we have largely completed the $200 million repurchase program that we initiated back in November 2012. We expect to remain active in the market, and to that end, we are pleased to announce that our Board has authorized a new $250 million program, providing us with a capacity for additional repurchases in the coming quarters. Tuning to our fourth quarter outlook. Based on our current backlog and order visibility, we expect revenue to be $475 million, up -- roughly up 9% sequentially and 13% year-over-year. We expect gross margin to be between 44% and 44.5%. And as a reminder, going forward, we suggest modeling incremental gross margins at a 48% rate from the fourth quarter baseline. We project fourth quarter operating expenses to be around $81 million. Below the line, we anticipate $200,000 in expenses from interest income and other expense, with a cash tax rate around 8.5%. Putting all this together, at $474 million -- $475 million in revenue, with gross margin at the midpoint of 44.25% and $81 million in operating expenses, we anticipate fourth quarter operating margins to be over 27%, with EPS of $0.62 on a base of 190 million shares. In summary, we're continuing our track record of execution, producing above market growth and best-in-class financial returns. All of the underlying drivers are in place for Skyworks to continue to outperform, putting us on a clear path to achieving our mid-term business model of 30% operating margin, which, as a reminder, generates earnings per share of around $0.75 a quarter. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Don. For the remainder of the call, I'll discuss our ongoing diversification efforts and in more detail and provide some additional perspective on our growth ahead. As we touched on earlier in the call, diversification across end markets, customers and product offering has been a contributor to our recent outperformance and a cornerstone of Skyworks' long-term growth strategy. Over the last several years, we have established a strong track record of identifying high-growth market opportunities, of utilizing our technology advantages, advanced integration capabilities and customer relationships to carve out a leading share position and leveraging our scale and flexible business model to translate these revenue drivers into superior financial returns. And as our performance over the last few years indicates, we have been highly successful in executing on this strategy. And following this very same game plan, we are currently in the early innings of the next phase of growth at Skyworks, as advanced forms of connectivity expand from the mobile markets into a broader analog world. In fact, we see connectivity and mobility as being the biggest secular drivers within the analog landscape over the next several years, all of which are long-standing core competencies of Skyworks. So with this in mind, I'd like to highlight 3 key themes as you consider the opportunity ahead for Skyworks. First, the Internet of Things is upon us, and the opportunity is enormous. It's virtually impossible to find an end market today that is not incorporating some form of always-on access. Whether it's within mobile devices or the Connected Home, the automobile, medical devices, machine-to-machine applications or in completely new areas of innovation like smart lighting, connectivity is on the rise across a broad array of end markets. In fact, a recent white paper from Cisco Systems projects a tremendous surge in connected things within the next few years, suggesting that the number of connected devices will exceed the world's population over the next few years. And the opportunity increases even further when factoring in technologies like 802.11, ZigBee and others. In total, the market is projected to reach a staggering 50 billion connections by the year 2020. All of this translates directly into new growth avenues for Skyworks. In fact, some of our fastest-growing segments are within areas like medical, industrial, automotive and Smart Energy, where connectivity is being adopted for the very first time. Second, complexity is going up across our addressable markets. By all accounts, data consumption is skyrocketing and, along with it, so are the ways in which consumers stay connected by seamlessly utilizing multiple modes of connectivity. Many applications we see today involve the integration of several different communications protocols like cellular, like Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and Near Field Communications to transmit sensitive signals within close spectral proximity across crowded licensed and unlicensed frequencies. Further complicating matters, customers are desperately seeking efficiency gains within their system power budgets to bring out additional battery life to support more process of power, higher resolution displays and a host of new functionality. Third and perhaps most important, analog complexity translates into more addressable content and higher value add for Skyworks. This technology evolution is happening today, driving our addressable dollar content higher across the board in product areas like signal transmission and switching, voltage regulation, filtering and power management, among others. And as you know, we spent the last few years broadening our technology portfolio, extending our product lines and investing in applications teams in key vertical markets to address these challenges and to create new incremental revenue opportunities for us. And as some examples of our recent success, we've captured a number of new program wins during this quarter that include a complete suite of RF and analog products for leading 802.11ac enterprise routers from Cisco, NetGear and others; backlighting and power management ICs for tablet and ebook applications; telematics and infotainment system design wins, with a strategic global automotive supplier; integrated systems incorporating mixers, down converters and IQ modulators for 4G base stations. Incidentally, these devices represent a threefold increase in content for Skyworks; and silicon-based ultra-high speed switch ICs for carrier aggregation applications. So in summary, it's a great time for Skyworks. And before closing, I'd like to reiterate some of the key messages from the call. Skyworks is levered directly to the global megatrend of rising connectivity attach rates across a broadening array of analog markets. Our addressable content is on the rise, driven by increasing complexity. We have the critical mass and we have the financial strength to capitalize on this financial opportunity. And finally, we have a long track record of converting these positive dynamics into consistently strong operating results. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley Caris.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: David, just looking at the businesses, cellular and high-performance analog, can you give us a typical split-out in the businesses? And as you get traction with a number of the vertical market opportunities and as you succeed with diversifying the customer base, do you expect the relative growth rate of those businesses to change over time? More specifically, do you expect high-performance analog to accelerate relative to cellular from here?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Craig, the mix was really relatively consistent with what we've seen. Linearity today was 40% of the revenue, and handset smartphones was 60%.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. And Craig, for all the dynamics we described in our prepared comments, I would expect over time to see the more diversified elements grow faster than traditional business for Skyworks, incidentally with accretive margins.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then as my follow-up, looking within the high-performance analog business, the business has good exposure to communications infrastructure. It's been a fairly muted end market, but there are signs of spending improvement in China and other areas. What are you seeing in that end market? And how does that end market impact the way you're looking at the back half of the year?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Craig. Well, we are seeing a great opportunity for the infrastructure space to pick up. It's been somewhat soft now, and there really isn't a meaningful change in our near-term guidance. But we continue to gain market share. We've noted some recent design wins with companies like Ericsson, where we've increased 3x our content on LTE base stations. We're also doing some very good work with a small cell opportunity, which we think is going to be a big driver for us, also, some attach with WiLAN. So the design win position for us actually is getting much, much better. And we're confident that the carriers are going to be spending shortly, and we're going to see some upside.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. I would add that our highest growth customers in that segment today are Huawei, followed by ZTE. But as Liam said, we don't think that market is reliable enough for the count on it in short- and mid-term growth. We're simply not factoring in any growth and hope to someday be surprised.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Harsh Kumar with Stephens.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A quick question for you. We heard from another company that plays in the smartphone area this morning talking about negative trends. I'm curious, what was the offset in your business? In other words, what part did you see strength in if you saw weakness in 1 or 2 of the parts?
David J. Aldrich: We saw our strength in connectivity, broadly speaking, Wi-Fi business, our home business. We saw the early program ramps of some automotive programs and some industrial applications. So that was a nice uptick for us. Those segments in aggregate are becoming meaningful growth drivers for us now. We also saw some nice growth in emerging markets, with highly integrated systems and devices going into some of the smartphones. As you probably know or have seen in Teardown reports, we're aligned very tightly with, for example, MediaTek, with some pretty slick, highly integrated devices that are beginning to ramp. So we're seeing some uptake in the emerging markets and expect that to continue.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And as a follow-up, very nice job on the margins, gross margins, particularly. So what's the -- in your mind, what's the single biggest driver of that number moving up?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Harsh, I mean, as we had guided, we expected and we did deliver some meaningful expansion in the third quarter. We ended at 44%. Through multiple factors, I'd say that 2 of the critical ones, is, as Dave said, we're seeing an increase in the diversified analog content in our mobile space, as well as in the other vertical markets. And that -- those all have accretive margins. And we're also see -- with the new products that were ramping across a lot of different markets, this isn't just mobile or diversified analog, we're just seeing accretive margins, and we're starting to realize a lot of benefit from our design for cost focus and the value that our customers are assigning to the differentiated performance-based solutions that we're providing. And the volume helps as well. And we're a company that continues to focus on factory performance and product cost. And it's about yields, it's about productivity, the CapEx you see us spending that has very quick paybacks. All that contributes to incremental margin performance. So it's a lot of things.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: On the guidance, it was much better, I think, some investor fears out there. Could you maybe elaborate? In some of your comments, you talked about some share gains embedded in the guidance. Can you give us some color on where you're seeing share gains relative to the overall market?
David J. Aldrich: Well -- I think Liam could help me with this question as well, Mike. I don't -- it's not really share gains that's driving the growth and that's driving the margin expansion. It is much more a function of -- I'd put it in this order. One is, we are gaining a lot more content as we bundle our system solution around what had been traditional analog and RF content. So you're seeing a very high attach rate with GPS, power management, Wi-Fi, in addition to switching and control and amplification. So that's a big driver for us. I would put right up there with that just penetration into new markets. We're getting high ASP with very high contribution for products that have been custom-designed into some of the vertical markets we've been talking about. You thought about energy. You think about energy management, infrastructure, but this is much broader than that now. We're seeing the Connected Home, the automobile. And these are meaningful revenue drivers with really nice margin. So I think that we're in the right place at the right time with the right chipset partners in the case of the emerging market growth, so that was also a contributor. So I wouldn't call it share gains as much as I would, just a concerted effort to diversify and to add more value to our customers. And yes, as a result, you do gain share, and you box out competitors as you raise the bar technically with these more integrated solutions. But the intent is really to service our customers with more content and a better overall system experience.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up to that with your more integrated solution for the lower-end 3G smartphone market, upgrading from 2G in China, as you mentioned, MediaTek's reference design, is that business going again sequentially in Q3? There are some concerns of some inventory in China, but it might be with some other customers and not MediaTek. Can you comment at all about your guidance? Would the China-related business be up sequentially in that guidance?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Mike, this is Liam. The China business, as Dave outlined earlier, is actually really moving in the right direction for us now. We've been engaged with MediaTek and Spreadtrum for quite a while. We're seeing the early stages of an upgrade cycle there where our content can go up 2 to 3x from the baseline 2G business. The other important thing about China, you still have the majority of the subscribers carrying 2G feature phones. So there's opportunity in our core business, but we're also seeing an extended reach. As you go into the smartphone world in China, you're increasingly seeing Wi-Fi for the first time. You're seeing more complexity in the Antenna Switch Modules, GPS applications and power. So as Dave said, it's share gains, but it's also a broadening reach for us. And China, for the most part, has been really slow to adopt some of those new technologies, and we're looking forward to some upside there.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Ed Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: A couple of questions. Dave, last year, around this time, you -- we chatted about product mix, especially the Cellular One. And you made a prediction that turned out to be accurate, that you'd be the largest manufacturer of pads in this space. Do you still feel that's going to be the case over the next 6 months? Or do you think your makeshift is more to analog now than it has to FAS? And increasingly, SOI is becoming a very big deal in some of the leading smartphones. One of your competitors has led in that area, but it sounds like you guys are gaining a lot of ground. Where do you think that mix is going over the next say 6 to 9 months? Is Skyworks going to start showing up? Or is your presence, say, in antenna tuners that you have in the past? And then SOI, in general, so we can get some color on the CMOS SOI mix, if you could.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Okay. I think, Ed, the first part of your question was about filters, specifically, I take it, our participation in filters. You mentioned pads and so on. So let me try to clarify that a little bit. We participate in filters when it's part of a more integrated system. A pad is a good example. SkyOne, as a product family, incorporates many of the duplexers. We can use our manufacturing techniques to do a lot of die stacking and inexpensive small footprint integration that's pretty unique, and we have some proprietary capabilities there that we're exploiting. And we are one of the largest integrator of filters in the world. I think we are the largest by unit volume today. Again, we don't sell discrete filters. That's not our business. And I expect to continue to do extremely well there. We are in a unique competitive advantage, oddly enough, because since we don't -- we're not vertically integrated or filtered, nor do we want to be. We think that's a long-term lower margin, more commoditized segment of the mobile business. However, because we are not in a filter business, we've got great relationships and strategic partnerships with a growing list of filter suppliers because we use a different filter below 2 gigahertz. We use simple SAWs that are cheap. We temperature compensate a SAW for certain applications where spectrum is very tight, and that temperature compensation improves the frequency performance. Above 2 gigahertz, we use some volt devices from a couple of different suppliers that really give us an advantage again with spectral crowding and higher frequency. So we're a really good partner for these filter suppliers because we're really their only conduit to some of these very high-volume sockets. And they view us that way, and they're opening capacity up for us. And we're doing some proprietary packaging and designs to make it sticky.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Ed. And with respect to SOI, silicon product, we certainly have been deploying those technologies in our switching business. And when you move into high throw ASMs, which now is the prevailing approach 6 to 8, and it's up to 12 throws, carrier aggregation, as you note, is becoming a very important part of the equation now, as you stitch channel bandwidths wider and wider in upcoming smartphones. Even Wi-Fi, we've been using SOI technology broadly. So we feel real good about our position there. We have PM technology as well. And whatever the market needs, we're going to be ready to deliver.
Operator: We'll take a question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to follow back on the China business, if you could maybe just quantify, one, just about how much that was of your business in the June quarter. And then I just wanted to clarify. You clearly have an opportunity as 2G goes to 3G. I was just curious, in the near term here, your outlook for September, are you still seeing growth there? Because there definitely is a lot of concern there. I just wanted to make -- clarify that you weren't just talking about the longer-term trends there.
David J. Aldrich: Our China business has been running in the mid-single digits. That's been fairly consistent. And it's really been the intersection of less investment in 2G, a technology that's in decline unit volume-wise. And I think profit-wise, it's in decline. So we focused exclusively on those areas of integration where we have a competitive advantage. And I think that the market is, over the long term, going to see that it's very difficult to hit the BOM cost targets with the amount of complexity that's inherent in the smartphone, even for -- even in China. And so we've done some things that are very unique around low cost but high-performance, highly integrated. And we get good margin on those products. So it's relatively small today, though. It had hit -- it has passed the inflection point where 2G was declining faster than the uptake in 3G. And we now are seeing growth. And we saw growth this quarter. And we're ramping some new programs. And we expect to see some growth in the next quarter as well.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then I just wanted to ask you about SkyOne, if you could just update on some timing and some milestones and whether you still feel as positively there.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Blayne. Well, we've made great progress over the last quarter with SkyOne. And let me just remind you that this is really an engine that provides our customers with a unique value proposition. We're delivering a fully functional yet highly simplified solution. It is configurable, it sweeps in all the key elements of the RF chain and we do all the tuning and matching. It addresses the challenges that we've all discussed here about increasing complexity, and band count also matched with the need for power efficiency and size. So with that said, we've made great progress. We're sampling a number of customers. We continue to do that. And we actually have design wins now that we would expect to be shipping by the end of the year.
Operator: And our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, could you address the competitive and pricing dynamics in the market? Because I think this has been a key concern about not just Skyworks but all the other vendors is that there is customer concentration risks and that pricing is likely to get more aggressive as the mix moves more towards the lower end. So can you just help set the record there as to what are the pricing dynamics? Are you seeing more pricing pressure than you have experienced before? Any color would be very helpful.
David J. Aldrich: I would say this year and our pricing negotiations for next year, we're seeing a little bit less pricing pressure than we saw last year. I think it's partly the mix. Remember, pricing pressure is in direct proportion to the number of competitors and how sticky a product is or how much value the product adds. And what we're increasingly finding with the products we're addressing is that we don't see multiple competitors. It's custom. It's virtually all custom. So what we're trying to do is develop a product that, from its onset, hits the customer's desired BOM point but does so in a way where we have high contribution because the product is very unique. And as subsequent generations of designs, and if you look at -- in fact, if you look at recent Teardowns, you'll see a lot more Skyworks content with devices that are fully shield, that are integrated or that are at least bundled and optimized for the ultimate system performance. You're seeing a lot more power devices, more voltage regulation devices, more connectivity devices. So Vivek, I think it's not the case that we're selling components with a bunch of competitors. We're selling system solutions with a narrow set of competitors to change as we move from market-to-market. And that's been a concerted effort on our part to migrate our business away from components and commodities, and we're being much more successful today.
Donald W. Palette: And Vivek, that's part of what you're seeing in the margin profile, too.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Absolutely. And then just 1 follow-up on that. As you look at the opportunities you have both in your traditional power amplifier and front-end module segment versus the high-performance analog, are you seeing better attach rate, so better attach with your high-performance analog solutions? How should we think about sort of the -- you're selling more of these complementary solutions into a bigger TAM that you had been able to do before?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, I mean, it's a combination. We certainly will take advantage of opportunities to bring what we would call traditional analog technology into our mobile suite, and we've done well with that. But we are seeing an increasing suite of opportunities and applications in broad markets. We've talked a lot about Smart Energy. We're also doing work now supporting connectivity and LED lighting. We're doing panel power for tablets. We've been doing work with video security. There's just a whole plethora of opportunities that we're going after with our high-performance business. Some of it uses traditional products like our 802.11ac. Some of it’s more organic technology that we've grown in-house. But we're very pleased with that opportunity. And quite frankly, as much as our numbers have been strong, there's tremendous market share there that we haven't yet tapped.
David J. Aldrich: And I think to follow on to Liam's comment, I really should stress that almost no one is buying a PA today or a switch. They're concerned with, look, I've got a number of bands that's exploding. I need to go from the output of that transceiver. I need to know what voltage and power that front-end is going to see. I need to tune it at the antenna. And I need you to shield all of this and frequency synthesize and convert it in a manner that I don't have harmonics problems and I can fit it in a physical footprint off the board. And that's very different than a model that I think you're referring to when you talk about commodity pricing. And I think if you're only selling -- for those few customers who want to buy a discrete PA and a 2G, there's too many competitors. I don't -- that's not our business focus.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: A number of the prior questions addressed some of the turbulence being seen in the end markets. I just wanted to check with you. Are you, in fact, seeing any slowdowns, adjustment downs and build plans for some of your key OEMs? Is that a factor in the outlook? Or is there somehow through mix that you're actually not seeing that? And then a follow-up on the China question. I know you addressed the longer-term opportunity for content to go up 2 to 3x. You've got the MediaTek attach, as well as the Lenovo, Huawei and ZTE wins. Are you seeing both unit volume attach and ASPs go up or content per device go up right now? Or is it more one or the other?
David J. Aldrich: Alex, the first part of the question, with respect to mix and slowdowns and so on, I think it's helpful to point out, that there isn't an OEM with meaningful volume today that we don't have some business with. And overall, that business is increasing in content and TAM share, if you will. We're adding more functionality. So yes, well, of course, we're not immune from any OEM who's having a difficulty. We see it. If there's another customer who's taking some of that share, we typically see it as well. And so we're more of a broad proxy in terms of the overall growth in unit volume and then we add to that incremental content and then we add to that the higher attach rate in these focused vertical markets, which are -- were coming from a relatively small position and seeing strong sequential growth for several quarters now.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. And Alex, with respect to China, you've got 2 dynamics. You have just a richer content mix in smartphones, whether they're 3G or 3G TD-SCDMA. You've got that benefit. And then you have the actual subscriber upgrade cycle going now where the majority of new subscribers are moving into that category. So you have more units of smartphone increase, and then you have a content gain in each smartphone.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: So you're seeing it be accretive to content, as well as profitability, and then also your latest thoughts on the TDD-LTE opportunity ahead of you?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, I think -- well, exactly. So we are seeing accretive for sure. And the TD-LTE opportunity for us is actually quite positive. We've been working with a number of the key players. We're also starting to talk with carriers a bit and looking for ways to do something unique, create more of that systems approach that, really, in markets like China, when you're dealing with customers like Lenovo and some of the smaller players, the benefit for us to come in and provide more systems architectural solutions really plays well. So I think that will all come together, and we have the right people on the ground to make it happen.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum Capital.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Dave, on -- or maybe, Liam, getting back to SkyOne, you're going to start shipping by the end of the year. So in addition, just to additional bands and more content in China, do you think your overall content can go up once you start launching SkyOne? And where do you think SkyOne goes, say, by the end of next year? And then lastly, is it fair to say that Wi-Fi is growing faster than your cellular side?
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Anthony. With respect to SkyOne, SkyOne is a unique product. It is, as Liam mentioned, highly configurable to region of the specific customer architectures. But it has 1 common theme, and that is it is all bands of amplification with matched to the duplexer with all the switching and frequency conversion. And so it's a pretty unique product. By definition, Anthony, when we capture those socket, we capture the entire analog front-end. There isn't anything outside of it. And then, of course, the attach rate with Wi-Fi for us is very, very high. So I think you should think of it in terms of -- the SkyOne isn't for every application. It's not for every socket. But it's a great product platform for a number of customers who are going to be able to get to market quickly, where otherwise, they simply could not deal with the complexity, even of a strong reference design. They need to take -- they need this to be shielded, dropped, have it be completely bulletproofed, and that's what SkyOne does.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. With respect to WiLAN, I mean, we're seeing ubiquitous attachment. Now it's an incredible market for us. We're benefiting with an 11ac rollout and a handset that's just starting, and we have great position there. We're seeing an access point opportunity that is incredible. We have MIMO technology, multiple in/multiple out. Teardown is available across the board that show the richness of that opportunity. And the need for the speed. When you think of what is available today for content to the consumer, you need 11ac technology to bring that home. So that's great. And then we're seeing Wi-Fi move into some of our home automation markets, where we see Wi-Fi for video security, set-top box with customers like Comcast and others. So Wi-Fi for us now just creates such a broad opportunity that some of it's mobile, some of it's analog, some of it's home automation. It has a pretty amazing growth rate to it.
David J. Aldrich: Anthony, in the public domain now, there are a couple of the early high-running ac routers, for example. And those products, we've got $5, $6, $7. We've got upwards of 10 devices, power-management devices going to multiple antennas with amplifiers and switches and filters. I mean, it is amazing how complex those devices are and how much value we can add by being out in front of ac and then to be able to do some unique things to integrate and package. That's a great business for us.
Operator: And we'll go next to Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes, I just had a couple of questions. One is kind of a follow-on to the earlier stuff on the smartphone tablet. I'm just curious, I know it's early to discuss the December quarter, but how do you think it shapes up for that vertical for smartphone tablet? I mean, do you expect that it could be a little slower quarter if Samsung kind of follows their typical seasonal end-of-the-year kind of pattern of flush in inventory and maybe Apple reorders fall a little short? I mean, I guess, I'm curious what your process is, if you could walk us through your process for sort of evaluating or even haircutting some of your customers' forecasts.
David J. Aldrich: Boy. Well, the December quarter we expect to be seasonally up as it normally is. We could debate how to handicap what up means, but we expect it to be up relative to September. I think more importantly, we have good visibility for December because a number of phones and smartphones and tablets in that segment of our business, you will be seeing new platforms hitting the market. That's just the way it is at the end of a calendar year. And we like our position there a lot. So we think the market will be up in December. We think we'll be up more than the market, and we can identify those programs today.
Richard E. Schafer - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a question on RF360. I'm just curious what's your customers -- what you've seen from your customers in terms of their reaction to that part. How do you guys look at it? And maybe, I don't know, give us any color you have on what's going to be sort of key to that part getting traction and when do you think that will be.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, that's a great question. I think that in one sense, the RF360 and Skyworks' highly integrated products, including SkyOne, are really addressing a fundamental issue that we have common to both of us, and that is that RF complexity is exploding dozens of bands. Harmonics, coexistence issues are a real issue. OEMs need to simplify all this complexity. So I completely agree with Qualcomm on that front. And there are painfully few suppliers who can do anything close to the level of integration our customers need today, which is why we're seeing the margin accretion that we're seeing in the mobile space. However, here's where we differ. Every customer is different. No one-size-fits-all. They have differences in terms of the regions they want to address, the number of bands, how they look to implement, where they see the sensitivity in the system, given what they're trying to deliver in terms of functionality. So we do not see a one-size-fits-all design approach, which is why we've made SkyOne, for example, to be highly reconfigurable, even though it's highly integrated. The other place where we differ is we do not see any customers willing to take any iota of compromise on performance, particularly with respect to current consumption. And so if you look at SkyOne, it has the very best process functionality, the very best packaging technology to deliver the best performance for each functional block within that transmit chain because we just don't see any customers willing to say, "Well, it's not that -- the performance isn't as good, but it's highly integrated." Well, so what? So we see this is an area where Skyworks excels, in fact.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: My first question was just on the operating expense. If I look at what you did last quarter, what you just reported and what you've guided, you're doing a pretty good job of keeping those dollars pretty flat despite growing revenue. Can you talk a little bit how we should think about those dollars over the next several quarters? Are you going to try to keep those dollars flat there still? Or would we expect to see a little bit of growth as well?
Donald W. Palette: Well, we just guided $81 million, which is a little bit up from where we've been running around $80 million for the prior -- several prior quarters before that. We're making some targeted R&D and field apps investments that are going to support some new growth opportunities. We think they're going to drive shareholder value. So we'll do that whenever that opportunity presents itself. So you're going to see some increases as we move forward. There's pay increase maybe mid-fiscal period for us that does move OpEx a little bit. So I would think about that you can ramp that so that we're at that kind of $84 million level by the end of 2014. That's kind of a good way to think about it.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just to go a little bit into the diversification story. I think in the past, one item you've talked about is your partner with Texas Instruments on some smart meters. I think those guys do a pretty good job in that market as does somebody like Maxim. And overall, that looks like it's going to grow pretty nicely. Would you say that's going to be a significant driver for you? Or is that even the wrong way to think about it? There are so many of the things out there like smart meters that over the next 18 months, there's not going to be 1 or 2 big diversification platforms for a whole bunch of them.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. I think there will be many platforms. We do work with TI on some ZigBee sockets. There's also silicon labs and some others that we work with there. So that business is great. We've been in that market for quite a while, doing a lot of work with Itron and Sensus, Landis+Gyr, Silver Spring Networks in the Bay Area. But what's equally exciting now is this proliferation of what we call home automation where the unit count goes way up. We've got, as I said earlier, opportunities to connect lighting, to connect appliances, to connect security systems. And the unit count there is much higher than it would be just with a meter communicating back to the utility. So the good news for us is that we have the technology to play. We have the ZigBee technology, we have the Wi-Fi technology, the switching and systems capability to deliver the solution as the customers may see. But back to the opening comments about 50 billion connected things, however that number goes, it's going to get much higher, and the ability to connect is going to be there. And Skyworks has the right to policy. So we're very -- we're excited about it and look forward to updating you over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And I just want to ask a question on the China market. I know you said your content is going up. You have good partnership with Spreadtrum, MediaTek. How do you see your share overall as you move to these higher content 3G margin and TDs picking up there?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. So markets moving up, one of the important points is that the competitive landscape is narrowing. The 2G market, we've been a player there for years, still do some work. But the landscape there is somewhat commoditized by the simplicity of the products. When you're moving to the next generation, whether it's the quad-core MediaTek design or some of the new TD-SCDMA devices out of Spreadtrum, there's a great deal more complexity, there's more energy around efficiency in the design. There are smartphones now, so they're driving more current. And our ability to kind of flex our engineering muscle and to lever our differentiated products goes up as these phones launch. So we think it's a better field for us to play on. Margins should be better, and content will continue to grow.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I know you mentioned in your press remarks that second half '13 should be pretty strong. You're diversified very well. How do you see -- as you look out into December -- I know it's a little far out, but given that you're diversified and there's a little bit of a SKU in builds, do you see strength continuing into the -- continuing out?
David J. Aldrich: Well, we do. My expectation is that December, we'll have -- be seasonally high. It always is. We're not trying to handicap what that number is. But we've got some strong program ramps, some content gains and some verticals that are ramping going into the December quarter. So we expect to outperform whatever that seasonal number is.
Operator: And we go next to Mike Burton with Brean Capital.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: On the gross margins, you mentioned that mix played a role, but obviously, given your guidance for contribution margins, you expect more upside. I was just wondering, what is driving that going forward? Is it all mix? Or are there other opportunities on increasing utilization and cost reduction? And should we get a new update on the mid-term model for a target?
Donald W. Palette: Well, as I said, Mike, that it's a combination of factors. It's the increased diversified analog content. It's better margins on products, new products that we're ramping. And we're seeing the benefit of the differentiated performance that we're providing with the customers, as well as the cost focus. Volume always helps, and it's driving improvements across all the metrics. And, in fact, it's all those things that are driving margin expansion. And we've said to use off of this new forecast we just provided you, which is 44.25%, is to drop the incremental revenue in your models through at 48%. And what that gets you when you look at the 30% model we had originally targeted around $550 million, that drops that number down to a slightly lower revenue level when you do that.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then also, just 10% customers in the quarter.
Donald W. Palette: Foxconn and Samsung.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Maybe another content question for you. So in the past, you've talked about how the high-end smartphone has a total addressable market of somewhere between $10 to $12 per phone. I'm curious what your view is of kind of the low- to mid-range smartphone at this point.
David J. Aldrich: Well, it depends. I think the upgrade cycle from 2G to 3G, particularly in China, is going to take a lot of different forms. It will be ultimate very high-end smartphones, and they'll have similar content. I think there won't be that many of those, frankly, because I think a lot of the upgrade will be more regional or be TD-LTE and bypass some of the bands. I think they need to do that to hit those -- what the market price will bear from a price point standpoint. So I think it's anywhere from a few dollars to several dollars, and that's a -- it's a big uptake obviously from the $0.50 in 2G, but that's where I kind of see it, a few dollars. It's not the $10 or $12, at least not for very many phones.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then when you look at the adoption of the highly integrated products, does that impact revenue even though it gives you higher margin?
David J. Aldrich: Well, it impacts revenue because we, by definition, capture more content. Yes.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Back to this Internet of Things, it sounds like a potential big opportunity, lots of units but lower content. So any sense of when that could become potentially 10% of revenues? What would have to happen for that to occur? And then what sort of content do you have? Is it mostly like ZigBee or analog, et cetera?
David J. Aldrich: Well, it's not -- the Internet of Things, it’s not one thing. We kind of -- we're talking about the Connected Home and all the various forms that connectivity is taking in automobiles and other applications. And I'm not sure -- maybe I don't understand the question. It's well over 10% today if you look at what the Internet of Things means to us. It's huge.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. I think in the -- yes, in the unaddressable -- on the markets that we haven't yet addressed, let me put it that way, there's a lot of upside. So we're just starting to tackle markets like medical and home automation and tackle markets like automotive. And we're actually very surprised -- pleasantly surprised with the opportunity that we see as many of these markets move to connectivity. Telematics and automotive, for example, really wasn't a market 2, 3 years ago, and we're addressing that. We're doing home monitoring and medical. So there's a number of things that we're now going after and seeing kind of a convergence to wireless that we can take advantage of, and we haven't done it yet. It's just early innings.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: But like a ZigBee connection would be like a sub-dollar type of content then?
Liam K. Griffin: Some of our ZigBee connections are more than sub-dollar. It depends on where you are. When you tend to be -- if you're at the meter, for example, there's higher-end product than you are if you're in an LED light. So it can vary depending on the opportunity.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And then my follow-up, just a couple of housekeeping questions, 2G versus non-2G percent of sales. And then how should we model net OI&E going forward? It's moved around a bit in the past few quarters.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the 2G is 15% in the quarter, and so the 3G, 4G was 85%. I'm sorry, repeat the second question again?
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Net OI&E, it's moved around a bit the past several quarters. Just wanted to get some sense of how to model that going forward.
Donald W. Palette: I would use the $200,000 expense. Every once in a while, we'll get some impact from currency, but it's minimal for us. That's the right thing to do.
Operator: And we'll go next to James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a few follow-up questions here. First, you've talked a little bit about ultimately high-performance analog growing faster than cellular, but yet the proportion seems to remain relatively stable at least over the last few quarters. How should we think about timing to when we'll start to see that faster growth manifest?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, James, it's hard to say, to handicap it because there are an awful lot of high-performance analog devices in our mobile products. So, for example, take a look at a Teardown report of a phone today, of a smartphone, and there's a number of them out there, we have several dollars of content that has nothing to do with kind of a PA switch sort of a thing. So it's really hard and in some ways not quite as relevant, right, because if it's high-performance analog into tablet, so be it, right, or in a smartphone. So...
Donald W. Palette: Yes, we're just scoring it.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. So I think it will -- over time, it will continue to trend faster and higher. But the distinction -- when we talk about the connectivity of things, the distinction between that which is a mobile device and that which is not is getting increasingly hard to do because the challenges are the same and the products are quite similar.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Right, absolutely. I guess, just for future reference, we're looking at it from the standpoint of, hey, those particularly high-performance analogs, they tend to go into longer-life cycle products and ultimately drive better margin contribution, in general.
David J. Aldrich: That's true. Good point. That's true. So it will trend higher over time, but it won't be a big needle or a curve. We think it'll be graceful.
Liam K. Griffin: And certainly, James, we have a lot of headroom there. I think we're doing very well in mobile, and we're bringing analog into mobile, of course. But there's a lot of work and opportunity in front of us where we can bring accretive margins in with our high-performance analog in the markets that we talked about before, whether it's infrastructure, whether it's automotive markets that typically have the 50-point-plus GMs.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick clarification first on the China business. Will you talk about China's mid-single digits? Does that include the branded players like Huawei, ZTE and Lenovo? Or was that really more of a reflection on the white box percentage?
David J. Aldrich: I think it's more a reflection on the white box percentage. We're seeing -- we have a lot of business now with Lenovo, Huawei, ZTE. So I think it's more of the sort of the open market stuff.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just trying to get a sense on the September quarter guide. You talked one of the drivers being program ramps. I'm wondering, can you make any comments about how diversified the growth is in the September quarter? Or is it more concentrated to a couple of larger program ramps in the quarter?
David J. Aldrich: Quinn, I'm glad you asked that question because what I'm really thrilled about is that if I look at this quarter, if I look at September, it is very diversified. It's diversified in the sense that it's a diverse set of customers. It's diversified in the sense that those existing customers are buying more content from us across the board, Quinn, across the board. And I really like the work that our high-performance analog teams have done with these teams focused on specific verticals and what they've been able to undercover in terms of underserved opportunities for us. Sometimes it's manufacturing integration, often, it's the intersection of manufacturing with high-performance devices with a newly connected market -- existing market that becomes newly connected. And so I am thrilled with the degree of diversification that we're rolling out in September, and you see it in the margins.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that's going to conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, everyone, for participating, and I look forward to seeing you in upcoming conferences.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti  David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and Corporate General Manager
Analysts: Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division Jaeson Schmidt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division Brad Erickson
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.www.skyworksinc.com
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Second Fiscal Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. While I'm pleased to report a strong performance for the second quarter with revenue and earnings that exceeded prior guidance and outpaced seasonal trends, our diversification across end markets and customers and our expanding addressable content were key factors in our outperformance. During the quarter, we posted revenue of $425 million. That's up almost 17% year-over-year. We produced operating income of $100 million. That's up 19% versus a year ago. We earned $0.48 per share, a $0.01 better than our guidance. We generated $130 million in cash flow from operations, and we repurchased 1.4 million shares of our common stock, exiting the quarter with $459 million of cash on hand. And for the current quarter, we're guiding revenue to be $435 million, representing 15% growth through the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2013. Now as many of you know, the June quarter is a transitional period between the March trough and the second half ramp. Within this backdrop, our output reflects the strategic transition from some lower margin components in our portfolio towards more margin-rich custom solutions. And this is the direct result of our success in migrating customers from discrete implementations towards more integrated solutions, a win-win scenario in which we capture more content, we have fewer competitors, while our customers reap the benefit of reduced complexity at lower bond cost. In conjunction with this, we are forecasting strong sequential improvement in gross margin during this quarter, and we see a clear path to further margin expansion ahead. This puts us firmly on track toward our goal of delivering the growth of the mobile Internet with the financial returns of a diversified analog company. Looking forward, market trends continued clearly in our favor based on rising adoptions of our integrated mobile systems portfolio and a full pipeline of accretive opportunities in new vertical markets. The stage is set for above market growth through the remainder of the year and beyond. Now before going into more detailed market update, I'd like to turn it over to Don for an in-depth review of our financial results and outlook.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining, everyone. Revenue for the second quarter was $425.2 million, ahead of our prior guidance of $420 million, representing better than normal seasonality and a year-over-year growth of 17%. Gross profit was $179.4 million or 42.2% of revenue. Operating expenses were $79.7 million, consisting of R&D expense of $49 million and SG&A expense of $30.9 million. We generated $99.7 million of operating income, yielding a 23.4% operating margin, which is a 45-basis-point improvement versus the year-ago quarter. Below the line, we recorded $1.4 million in other expenses and had a cash tax rate of 6.4%. Net income was $92 million or $0.48 of diluted earnings per share, and that's a $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our second quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $130.2 million in cash flow from operations. We invested $25.6 million in capital expenditures with depreciation for the quarter of $18.5 million, and we repurchased 1.4 million shares of our common stock, representing an investment of just over $30 million. And we exited the quarter with $459 million in cash and no debt. And given our high confidence on our business trends, we continue to believe that repurchasing shares of our common stock represent a highly attractive use of our cash. Turning to our third quarter outlook. Based on current demand forecast and order visibility, we expect Q3 revenue to be $435 million, providing a solid baseline heading into the stronger second half of the calendar year. As Dave mentioned, our third quarter outlook factors in the transition of our product portfolio toward more differentiated performance-based system solutions. We continue to see the opportunity for mid-teens revenue growth. We expect gross margin between 43.5% and 44% in the third quarter, representing over 150-basis-point sequential increase at the midpoint and that's driven primarily by improved product mix. We see a path to continue to drive further margin expansion in the second half and beyond. As a result, we now suggest modeling 48% incremental margins from the third quarter baseline. We project operating expenses to be roughly flat at $80 million. Below the line, we anticipate $100,000 in net expense from interest income and other expense with a cash tax rate around 7%. Using our guidance of $435 million in revenue with gross margin at the midpoint of 43.7% and $80 million in operating expenses, we anticipate third quarter operating margins of more than 25% and EPS of $0.53 on a base of 192.5 million shares. We're very pleased with our performance thus far in fiscal 2013. And before turning it back to Dave, I'd like to just take a moment to put our first half results into broader context. Over the last 5 years on a comparative basis, we've grown revenue at 16% compounded, more than triple our earnings per share and cumulatively generated over $1 billion in free cash flow. The industry's gone through considerable change over this time through macroeconomic cycles, market share shifts among OEMs and technology evolution. Yet, through all of this, we've maintained a consistent track record of providing above market growth and best-in-class financial returns. More importantly, over this period, we have assembled a sustainable growth engine for the future, and that's fueled by healthy underlying market trends, well-defined competitive advantages and a success-driven corporate culture. All of the underlying drivers are in place for Skyworks to continue to outperform, putting us on a path to achieving our midterm business model of 30% operating margin, which, as a reminder, would generate around $3 in annualized earnings per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Thank you, Don. Now for the remainder of the call, I'll discuss our market opportunities in more detail, and I'll provide some perspective on why we remain so optimistic about the road ahead. There's no doubt that the world is rapidly becoming more interconnected, which began several years ago with the introduction of smartphones. Today, we're in the early stages of the next phase of this megatrend, the proliferation of universal data connectivity. Now it's important to keep in mind that the connectivity revolution is by no means limited to smartphones. The need for integrated, high-performance RF and analog systems is propagating across new product categories and new end markets, driving an expanded opportunity set where Skyworks is uniquely positioned. I'd like to share a few examples of how we're taking advantage today. First, we're serving an increasingly diverse set of vertical markets, as many forms of connectivity proliferate through -- within the Internet of Things. Connectivity is rapidly becoming an integral part of traditional analog markets like medical, industrial, automotive, smart grid, green energy, infrastructure and others. Within these markets, we're seeing tremendous success in leveraging our technology and our scale advantages for mobile into an expanding market footprint that we began building out several years ago as part of our catalog business. As some examples of our growth and product diversity during the quarter, we captured a number of new program wins. These include an innovative power management solution enabling photovoltaic battery charging for mobile devices; a lead position on Texas Instruments' reference designs for utility metering, street lighting, telematics and tracking systems applications; advanced infrastructure solutions for Aclara's smart gas meter products; switch modules for in-dash infotainment consoles for Ford, Kia and others; and filter resonator modules for scanners in homeland security applications. These are just a few examples of our traction within new vertical markets. In all cases, these markets are complementary to our mobile business and provide accretive new growth avenues for Skyworks. Second is the network of a connected home. This represents another major category of opportunity for Skyworks and one that is still on its infancy. Based on our underlying core competencies in RF mixed signal, analog and power management, we're establishing a strong footprint spanning connected devices like smart thermostats, security systems, sensors, gaming platforms, appliances, televisions and set-top boxes. Within these applications, we see performance requirements, complexity and content trending higher. Third is in emerging markets where we are enabling a massive smartphone upgrade cycle that is just getting underway. According to Crédit Suisse, Chinese local vendors alone are expected to ship over 450 million units this year, representing 80% annual growth. Skyworks has facilitated this transition through close alignment with all the major baseband providers, as well as local OEMs like Huawei, ZTE, Lenovo and others. Addressable content in these devices is 2 to 3x that of a 2G phone. And with the innovation required to deliver these advanced analog systems at the right price point, the playing field of viable competitors is narrowing. And fourth and finally in developed markets, our addressable content opportunity continues to rise. Complexity is exploding, as devices incorporate multiple forms of connectivity, including 4G LTE, 802.11, Bluetooth, GPS, ZigBee and Near Field, all within shrinking form factors. And on top of this, carriers and OEMs are implementing a plethora of new operating frequency bands for global data access, along with sophisticated new technologies like carrier aggregation, receive-side diversity, envelop tracking and antenna tuning to maximize spectrum utilization, data throughput and battery life. Now this all translates into new content opportunities for Skyworks. As a result, we see our addressable content ratcheting higher with each successive generation with as much as $10 to $12 of addressable content in high-end devices. And a perfect example of this is our SkyOne family, which uniquely integrates all amplification, switching, filtering and control in a single device. And as these specific examples illustrate whether we're talking about a mobile device or a new vertical market, the fundamental need is the same, ensuring seamless connectivity across multiple communication standards while maximizing overall system performance within the smallest possible footprint. And this underlying market need creates tremendous design challenges for our customers and opportunities for Skyworks, as they contend with issues like power efficiency, coexistence, harmonics and linearity. So to recap, our addressable markets are expanding, and we're capitalizing on first, end market diversification; second, the connected home; third, smartphone adoption in emerging markets; and fourth, increasing content in high-end mobile devices. In closing, we're quite optimistic about our prospects for the remainder of 2013 and beyond. Trends in our served markets are moving in our favor, and our strategy of continuing to diversify and expand into new verticals while maintaining a laser focus on operational execution is clearly working. That concludes our prepared comments. Operator, let's open the lines, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The June quarter guidance, I think is somewhat below seasonal trends. Is it related to a product transition at one customer? Are there any other impacts? Or I guess, the other way of asking the question is, are you still comfortable with sort of the roughly 15% sales growth target that you had set for this fiscal year?
David J. Aldrich: Well, first, thank you. First, historically June is up, let's say, 4% to 5% sequentially. However, more recently, it's been heavily influenced by the timing of the specific program ramps. We're also benefiting from some of new opportunities. We see strength in wireless LAN and some of our antenna switch modules. Some of our vertical markets. Antenna tuning is another example. So our Q3 guidance underscores gain from those diversification activities. And as Don mentioned in his prepared comments, we exceeded the 15% in the first 3 quarters of the year, and we're very comfortable that we can continue on a mid-teens trajectory.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then the other question is recently, we have seen more acquisitions in the CMOS RF space with Avago acquiring Javelin, and of course, RFMD bought Amalfi before. And then Qualcomm has been vocal about its RF360 solution. Is this the start of some major disruptive trend that we should be worried about? Like when you talk with your customers and look at design wins, is this a trend that's accelerating? Or is this still somewhat limited?
David J. Aldrich: I think that the consolidation of the CMOS players -- and we acquired a company a couple of years ago -- is a simple function of the fact that a stand-alone 2G company isn't a sustainable model I believe, sustainable economic or financial model. The unit volumes for 2G continue to decline dramatically. And what's far more important and what you're seeing in the, I think, the substantial rise in our gross margins as we go into the June quarter, as Don outlined in our guidance, is the fact that we're successfully working with our customers on migrating them to more integrated solutions where we have more content, helping them make the tough leap from 2G to 3G whether it's TD or WCDMA, as we bolt on more analog content that serves to reduce the footprint and make it easier for them to get to market and provide for us more margin-rich opportunities, and the competitive landscape is narrowing. So I think it's more simple than that, Vivek. I think it's simply not a sustainable model to be a 2G-only company.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: This is Matt Ramsay on for Mike. I guess, the first one, maybe, Dave, one of the strengths of Skyworks' business in our view has been kind of your customer diversification and near top market share with many handset OEMs. So I guess, earlier this week, 2 of your traditional competitors in this space announced earnings and kind of talked about better trends throughout the year driven by more diversification in their businesses, as they have been recently customer constrained at particular customers. Maybe you could talk about the competitive position you have across your customer base and maybe where you see opportunities for market share gains or losses for Skyworks relative to the more bullish commentary from some of your competitors.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, I think it's basically outlined in the prepared comments is that we see tremendous growth for us in both margin and revenue, as we are successfully penetrating more vertical markets. We're gaining more content in the connected home, more content in the automobile, some medical applications and so on. So we're doing a very good job of rounding out our business and continuing to expand our target of addressable markets. We also are adding a lot more content. If you look at recent tear-down reports. Versus a traditional RF competitor's, we continue to participate in this wave of complexity with more bands of amplification. But we're adding increasingly more filtering, more switching, more antenna tuning, more GPS products, more power management and more Wi-Fi connectivity. So I think what you'll see from us is not only vertical market expansion, but you'll see the TAM increasing in our core markets. And as a result of the complexity that we talk so much about, it really is the case that customers are looking for a narrower set of suppliers to provide much more of the overall system solution, and we think we're the best at that. So I would expect you to see, on the high end, more content with more functions provided by Skyworks at higher market share and increasingly a broad set of vertical markets.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: That's helpful. And I guess, a follow-up to that maybe for Don or maybe even Liam, the SiGe and AATI Acquisitions, I guess, are both now roughly a year in the past, give or take. Maybe you could give a brief post-mortem comment on those 2 different acquisitions and their effect on your product diversification offerings. And maybe if you're willing, remind us of what the revenue run rates of those businesses were when you acquired them and how they've trended both from a sales and margin perspective since those acquisitions. That'd be really helpful.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. This is Liam. I'll give you a little color on the acquisition. Certainly, the WiLAN business saw, buoyed by the SiGe acquisition continues to be very robust and very strong for us. We're in the early stages of a 11ac product line ramp. We've got the first 11ac handset in the market today by virtue of some partnerships, Broadcom and others. We're also seeing great strength in routers and access points and quite bullish on that. And I think what we've brought to the market there is a combination of technology from the SiGe team coupled with a systems approach at Skyworks, and we've gone well beyond the initial portfolio to gain share. In addition and in parallel, the power management portfolio acquired by AATI is also making great progress in some areas. We had some releases regarding Samsung recently. We had DC to DC in camera flash technology. We started -- we're now getting into nonmobile applications, video, digital still camera, and we think the opportunity for the powers space for us is really tremendous, and we're in very early innings of upside there.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Don, just to further clarify the dynamics in gross margin, are you seeing gross margin improvement in the quarter because of increased value with new products in existing platforms and customers? Or is the gross margin uplift due to penetration of new markets and increased -- the increased margin profile that might go along with those new markets? And as a third part of that question, is there any manufacturing or sourcing element to the margin improvement that you're seeing?
Donald W. Palette: Yes. Thanks, Craig, for the question. It's actually fairly evenly split. It's both. It's new product wins and ramps and designs, and it's also leveraging additional content with existing customers and platform. So it's a combination of both. And overall, it really relates to what we talked about earlier that it's just with the 2G component market just continuing to decline, and the product mix is successfully transitioning. We're seeing this growing adoption of the accretive portfolio towards integrated system solutions, and they're clearly margin accretive for us. And that's driving the majority of the expansion. There is a little bit of manufacturing efficiency. I mean, we do -- we see benefits from that every quarter. That's our job, to continue to do that. But the lion's share of this margin expansion relates to what we just described on the product side.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up for either you or David, typically the company gives a split-out in its revenues between linear products and cellular. Can you give us that? And can you help us understand how you see the growth dynamics of those 2 businesses as you go through the rest of the calendar year?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the revenue from the product split of linear is 40% and handset 60%. That's similar to the percentage that we've seen over the last several quarters.
Operator: Your next question is from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First, Don, in terms of tax rate the next few quarters, what should we be thinking about? And then the same question with CapEx.
Donald W. Palette: Yes. I would -- we're guiding for the June quarter 7%. I would keep it at that level through the September quarter when you -- actually, through December, through calendar December, and we really haven't guided anything further than that. But I think directionally, if you use 10% in '14, that's probably a safe number for modeling purposes. CapEx, I would -- what we would assume on CapEx is it's going to be above, probably a little bit above depreciation levels for the next couple of quarters, but it'll be ramping down the back end of the calendar '13.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And David, I wonder if you can give us an update on SkyOne in terms of other devices shipping this year with that or design win updates or kind of how is that going in terms of sales process in the marketplace?
David J. Aldrich: It's been an interesting process because the product is so highly integrated. Just to recap, the SkyOne takes everything from the output of the transceiver or the chipset to the antenna and back. So it's got all the duplexing filters. It's got amplification. It's got switching. It's got frequency control and logic and so on. And so it is -- the uptake with the customers is very strong. We have several lead customers who are tuning it, putting it through its paces. It's a very different product because our customers see a lack of competition as an interesting switch from the normal paradigm in our market. It is a product that is -- that performs wonderfully because it -- while it is highly integrated is highly integrating using a mix of silicon advanced multi-chip module technology, the best filter technologies on the planet tailored for each frequency, as well as high-performance compound semiconductor amplifiers. So it's a unique product. It is very sole sourced, and so we're getting great feedback. They like it, and I think our customers are trying to digest what it means to have a supply chain now that it's completely sole sourced on the front end. You will see production this year, and the customer uptake has been very good.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I was wondering, Don, implicit with your outlook, if it anticipates a similar set of greater than 10% customers? Or are there possibilities to add a third or fourth? And then also maybe if you could talk about within the quarter, has there been any material change? Do you still have 2 greater than 10% customers? Have they converged in size or maybe inverted?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the 10% customers for the quarter were Octagon and Samsung, which is consistent with what we've seen for the last several quarters. That hasn't changed. We really don't guide what our customer mix is going out as far as are there going to be additional customers that go into that. The top 10% is just not something that we typically would put into the forecast.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And I was wondering, you recently announced a pretty rich set of design wins, targeting Samsung's GALAXY S4 refresh. Can you give any color behind that press release? Are you seeing an average ASP increase over the S3? Some of these wins that you have, maybe what kind of dollar content we're talking about or a range? And then lastly, I believe Liam mentioned AATI on the camera flash. But if I read the press release right, you now have new wins on the RF, DC to DC RF deck with AATI, and I'm wondering how material that is.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Alex. Yes. So I think what we're looking here with the GALAXY S4, it's a great example of what Dave articulated earlier. We have our core MMMB technology, which we've been continuing to develop and gain share, gain design wins and also baseband partnerships. And the S4 is an example of that technology. But now we've wrapped around Wi-Fi technology, switch ASM, high throw, very, very highly integrated switch, DC-to-DC converters for the first time and then also some additional componentry in analog. So you've got an opportunity there that get to really see what Skyworks is capable of doing. We're quite happy that demonstrated that with a leading platform going forward, and we think this is really an indication of what you should expect from us with all the leading smartphone players.
Operator: Next question is from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's for Don or David. I just wanted to make sure I heard you right. It seems like you're reiterating your target of 15% growth for the fiscal year. I think you guys made an easy comparison in the first half. Q3 guide's below that rate. If you could talk -- if that is correct, if you could just talk about the drivers into the back half of the year for you, that would be helpful.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think that's right, and we are comfortable with that growth rate. I think the June quarter is, as we mentioned earlier, it is becoming in our industry at least in the mobile side of our business a transitional quarter between the seasonal trough in March and what is a strong growth in the second half. And as we're confident in our platform participation and we see vertical markets continuing to expand, we see that growth rate. June is kind of a transition quarter, and I think that's kind of what you're seeing. But having said that, the growth rate through the 3 quarters is about 17%, and we're growing much faster than the overall seasonality in the June quarter if you were to aggregate everything.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then it seems like the long-term incremental gross margin, you ticked that up by -- I remember when you brought it down. A part of it was due to the mix as you're seeing a lot of growth with SOI and on GaAs. Can you just talk about what's driving the higher -- is it a different mix of products more analog? Or are you seeing a mix shift back to GaAs? That would be helpful.
David J. Aldrich: No, as Don mentioned, it really is -- there are ongoing continuous improvement in manufacturing efficiencies, and we continue to drive very hard for those. But the vast majority of the improvement in gross margin is the product mix and the focus we've had on more highly integrated and differentiated products where we have a much less of competition, and we add a great deal more value for our customers that they're willing to pay for. In addition to which is we are continuing to see more vertical market penetration where we get accretive gross margins across the board.
Donald W. Palette: But the way to think about it, Blayne, is that doesn't assume a dramatic change in the mix that we've already described between linear and handsets. So what that's saying is within those categories, we're expanding margin for those factors we talked about earlier. So that's the way to think about it. It doesn't require a big mix shift in order to drive that. That's the way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Harsh Kumar with Stephens.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: It's very well advertised and publicized that one of your customers is going through an upgrade cycle. I know you've talked about tremendous prospects in the back half, but I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color. What makes you so excited about the September and the December quarters on the cellular side specifically?
David J. Aldrich: Well, in the September, December quarters, you see normal seasonality, and we expect to see that as well. And at this stage of the year, we're very comfortable and knowledgeable about where we participate, what our participation is on the drivers of the market. And as Liam commented earlier, we have, not only the wind at our back with increasing complexity, driving content and Traditional RF sockets, but we are doing a really good job of adding margin-accretive products in connectivity, in power management, in Wi-Fi and then in completely integrated solutions. So it's participation in the right platforms, and its content increasing. And that content increases with higher margins almost across the board.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And as a follow-up, I was wondering if you could give us some color on the Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets. Usually in the March quarter, they tend to be a little bit shaky. Have you seen anything like that? And what are your prospects for those kind of second and Tier 3 guys, customers going forward?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Harsh. This is Liam. Actually, we think the opportunity for the Tier 2 and Tier 3 specifically in emerging markets is quite bullish. We're seeing an upgrade cycle now occurring in China specifically where 2G demand has come down a bit, but there's a commensurate upside in 3G and TD technologies. And fortunately, it's with customers who've had strong incumbency and base position, and we're working with them right now to get them through that upgrade cycle. So we're quite bullish on it. This is not a Q3 effect. This is a long-term sustainable upside. And I think our ability to deliver customized solutions, great on-the-ground application support, that systems know-how really puts ourselves in a great position to support those companies as they move up.
Operator: Your next question is from Jaeson Schmidt with Craig-Hallum.
Jaeson Schmidt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: First off, I was wondering how much of your revenue is currently coming from the 2G market or just get a split of the revenue of 3G, 4G and 2G.
Donald W. Palette: Well, 2G was 15% this quarter, and we just combined 3G, 4G was at 85%. And that's changed slightly. It had been running 80-20 for probably the last 3 or 4 quarters, so this is a little bit of a change in the 2G.
Jaeson Schmidt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: And then Don, what should we think of your inventory level in the June quarter and then going forward?
Donald W. Palette: Well, we had -- we just finished. We were down slightly in the March quarter from the December quarter. Our turns run roughly about 4.5. We would expect that to continue. So based on whatever you think the cost of goods sold or the revenue you're modeling, you can kind of sort of calculate that number. That's the best way to do it. But assume turns of about 4.5.
Operator: We have a question from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: You mentioned the start that the low-margin components versus integrated was one of the reasons for the gross margin compression this period. Can you give me a little bit of example what components you're talking about in terms of low-margin products just to get our heads around how the shift is going? And then the out periods, you've been particularly strong. I think, Dave, last year, you mentioned that you're probably the biggest producer of PADs in 2012. I think that probably wound up being the case. Do you see that to be the case again in 2013? And similar with SOI, you've had a big ramp here with SOI. It sounds like it's getting stronger especially with regard to antenna tuners. So I'm just going to grasp what you see the rest of the year look like in those products specifically.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Thank, Ed. Yes. On the margin products, let me give you a couple of examples. We were -- we've been very big in Wi-Fi and in mobile, for example, doing like 3- and 4-throw PM switches. And we've sold them by the tens of millions a quarter. We're seeing an upgrade cycle to more of a silicon-based silicon-on-insulator switch with 7-, 8-, 9-, 10-, 11-, 14-, 15-throw switches with a lot of switch control embedded on the dies. So we get higher ASP at higher gross margin. That's a good example. We're seeing fewer dual band, low NPAs and more of an upgrade to a 3G or kind of a low-end smartphone transition. We see that as a benefit. Some of the ASM products and antenna products have been quite discrete. And whenever it's discrete, it implies that the barrier to entry's a little bit lower, so you see more competition. You see more price pressure. We're seeing less opportunities for those kind of products. And with the number of bands and the complexity in the number of antennas, we see that, and we're leading that upgrade to far more integrated products. And I do think we'll be the largest producer of filters integrated with PAs. We will not be the biggest producer of filters, of course, because that's not our strategy. But we will be the biggest supplier, I believe, in 2013 and 2014 in filters that are matched with the transmit chain.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Excellent. And then in terms of your SOI products, since you seem to be really accelerating there, are you open to grabbing market share through some of the module manufacturers given they often times have access to design wins that aren't open to specifically a lot of -- Murata, specifically with the LTC substrate, et cetera? Is that something that Skyworks would be interested in given the outsourcing kind of model you have? It doesn't add any CapEx for you to do that. You could use your designs. I'm just curious about your business model for the SOI.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Ed. this is Liam. We have great position and relationships with all the key module manufacturers. Some of those have been born through Wi-Fi opportunities. And we speak with them all the time about opportunities to look at our portfolio whether it be in die form or chip scale. And we'll get those goes out, and if they make sense, we'll absolutely execute there. So I think it's something that's on our radar screen. We've been doing very well today with fully packaged products that have been coming out of Skyworks and packaged in our Mexicali site and doing quite well. But we have an open mind on what our customers want and our partners and would certainly look hard at that opportunity.
Donald W. Palette: And for us, we really instill a lot of discipline on the margin side. So to the extent that our module manufacturer needs our technology and we'll pay such that it has strong -- a good margin performance, we'll do it. We do have some instances of that, but we won't chase it if it's dilutive.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Burton with Brean Capital.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: I just -- I'm sorry if I missed this, but what's the percent of HPA versus cellular? And then within that, you have done clearly well on the Wi-Fi product. I'm wondering if you could break out Wi-Fi for us. And then also, you gave us the mix on 2G, 3G, 4G, but Dave, I'm wondering if you can give us your thoughts about where you think that percentage is going to trend towards and what that does to your margins.
Donald W. Palette: Yes. Just, Mike, the percentage was 40% linear and 60% handset smartphones, which is where we've been running.
David J. Aldrich: And I think, Mike, the answer to the second part of your question is I think it will continue to accelerate. I believe that the -- we passed the crossover where the upgrade cycle is now -- there's more revenue being derived and obviously, much, much higher growth rates being derived from that low-end smartphone, if you will, versus the 2G phone. So I think that's going to continue to accelerate. So Don said it used to 80-20. It's now 85-15, 3G, 4G versus 2G. I suspect you will continue to see that. And in virtually every single case, an upgrade cycle is a product that's more integrated and carries higher margin with fewer competitors.
Michael A. Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then any signs or updates on RF360 since Barcelona? I mean, have you seen that at customers? And do you have any more intel on how it compares in -- to your product offerings?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, sure. I think that we have seen it with some customers. We are partnering with Qualcomm today on some of the most exciting platforms in the market, so that relationship is very strong. I think the market niche they're trying to address, we're also addressing, which is driven by the exploding complexity in RF. It's not a "one size fits all" market I will say. Customers are making solution around more customized. However, I'll say this. There is -- there may be a narrow segment that does have less stringent performance requirements that could utilize a preconfigured, let's call it, a system in a package. And in this case, we compete with the SkyOne product. It's fully configurable, and it also has -- uses the best performance, has the best performance using the best process for function. So it'll be interesting, as we talked about earlier, to watch SkyOne uptake because it is highly customized. The difference is it's also high performance, and it is very configurable.
Operator: Our next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just on the gross margin side, I know your gross margins expanded nicely versus peers and obviously, your top line, too. But as you look at the levers there with production mix and the 2G coming down, how do you see long-term trends on the gross margin? You're already close to your 44% target. How do you see that over the next couple of quarters?
Donald W. Palette: Well, yes, Vijay, the easiest way to model that is you've got the new guidance here, so that's the start-off point. And as you layer in incremental revenue, we'd suggest you do the drop-through at 48%. As I said, that assumes no significant shift in the linear handset mix, and obviously, we've been very vocal our goal to continue to grow that. If that happens, that drop-through gets better. So there's upside to that. But for modeling purposes, we're saying this is 48%. That's how you can look at the different scenarios and see where we're going be at different revenue level.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then you mentioned the 15% growth year-on-year that you should still be good with. That would imply the pretty nice snapback as you look at September and should bounce back by [ph] 10%, 12% on the top line. But is that more driven by the cellular side? Obviously, that tends to be more product cycle driven.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. I mean, our second half outlook, I mean, we're not guiding the full year, but we certainly expect to grow both cellular, the analog within mobile and also the diversified markets. I think it's a combination. And if you look at the margin opportunity that Don outlined, we're going to drive margins in every category. There's a lot of great technology going on in our core cellular as we roll out complex MMMB solutions, as we rollout SkyOne. There's accretive analog that we can bolt right on into mobile, and then we have adjacent verticals that are very rich in margin. And quite frankly, we have a lot of headroom to grow there.
Operator: Your next question is from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, previously, you've talked about the China white box 2G segment of the business being only about 5% of sales. With 2G declining, my guess is it's even lower than that now. But with emerging market, smartphones being a significant opportunity and growing 80% year-on-year, can you give us some sense what is emerging market smartphones or 3G phones for you today and how do you see that ramping over the next several quarters?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think you're right. Just to be clear, that 15% of our revenue is derived from 2G. About 1/3 of that is true open market -- true open market, for example, on a media; tech reference design. We've already passed the crossover point where we're generating more revenue, substantially more revenue on 3G that's going into the low end of the market. And as I think we cited a source earlier, like 80% this year growth in the emerging smartphone. I think that business is a strong growth driver for us. And our reference design position is stronger in the sense that we have products that carry a higher ASP. And with our chipset partners in that space, we are first on their bills materials as they enter the market. So I am very pleased with our position for the chipset partners who are well positioned in open market with higher dollar content with far fewer competitors. This is going to be a great market for the next 3 years.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then as a quick follow-up, one of your competitors on their call talked about securing additional capacity for filters. You talked about your expectations being one of the largest sellers of filter-based product this year where you partner with third parties. Can you talk about whether you're seeing the filter supply getting tight in the market? Or you are comfortable that you have adequate access to both SAW and BAW filters going forward to meet your demands?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I am satisfied, although it's come with a great deal of work with our supply chain team and a lot of partnering, lots of discussions, lots of airline miles. So we have teams and folks that have been working, that have worked daily with our filter partners, and there are multiple partners because there isn't one size fits all for filter technology. And so we've got their attention as we are the ideal partner. Think about it. If you're a filter supplier and you don't make PA, whereas the big filter suppliers do not, then we're the perfect partner. We're the market share leader, and we have had a very clear strategy that we don't intend to produce filters. So that makes us the perfect partner, and we have -- we're getting good capacity answers from them as they continue to invest. So I'm comfortable with -- that we have the capacity.
Operator: Our next question is from Cody Acree with Williams Financial.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Dave, with the linear and the cellular mix being relatively steady, with all of the opportunities outside of cellular that you highlighted from the initial comments on, a little surprised that maybe -- I guess, first off, do you expect that to remain relatively steady? Or into the out orders, do you expect to see maybe that linear piece start to outpace?
David J. Aldrich: I think over time, the linear piece will outpace. But Cody, let me be clear. Within a mobile platform, for example, we have our PA products. And if you look at it, I think the great example is we try to demonstrate that with the press release on the Samsung S4. If you look at the content, I think there's 8 parts on that device and only a couple of PAs. So it is the case that we will have a lot more analog and even some mixed signal and power management type content in mobile devices, while we also round it out with increasing vertical markets.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: And so if you look at that 40/60 split, if you have to look down -- I guess, when you look at it this way, but you looked down at your bottom line. What does that split look like given the margin difference between the 2 profiles?
Donald W. Palette: The step-back and you look at the split, it's going to be a little higher percentage for the linear piece because that business overall has better margins and better returns, so -- but we don't -- we wouldn't provide that exact percentage. But the takeaway is that, that number would be higher.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, we don't segment the business because we're using the same basic core manufacturing and design platforms across. That's the beauty of our business model, right? So the analog products that we develop for mobile, we also, then, reconfigure those for specific system performance in these vertical markets. They do pass, so we think about it as sort of contribution margin. The contribution margin is higher in those vertical markets, but the volume is much lower. So we have more margin dollars in mobile. We have higher contribution, but when you blend it all together, we come up with an accretive model.
Operator: We will go next to Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First of all, you're talking more about the connected home, Internet of Things, machine-to-machine opportunities. How do you see those opportunities grow? I mean, can units start becoming material, perhaps, rivaling phones one day? And also, what are the margins there given that these are somewhat low-bandwidth opportunities, perhaps cost sensitive?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. We think the connected home and the Internet of Things is a real significant upside for the overall industry, the wireless industry, the connected industry. And we've had some early success with ZigBee technology and smart energy. We've done a lot of good work with utility and metering companies. We've moved into home automation. We've now also moved into smart appliances, thermostats and even white good appliances, Whirlpool, for example. So we think that this could be a tremendous opportunity for the market. Fortunately for Skyworks, we do have some technology in works data like [ph] ZigBee, we mentioned. There's implementations in Wi-Fi that could be beneficial for us. So we think we can outperform in this space, and it has an entirely different demand curve and market structure than what we see in mobile. So we're looking forward to it, and the margin there should be accretive.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And my follow-up is guidance on incremental gross margins, 48%. Is that largely reflecting just the gross margins of the new revenues coming in? Or is there also a manufacturing component there, utilizations and -- okay. So do you have like a peak capacity at this point per quarter?
Donald W. Palette: No. I mean, the beauty in -- that what we have is when you look at utilization, there's 2 types of utilization. There is sort of your line, your manufacturing line utilization. We run that, typically at 100% or theoretical capacity, but you also have square footage utilization, and we've got the opportunity for very short CapEx to expand. So we put ourselves in a position where we can drive the right incremental returns very efficiently, so...
Operator: We have a question from Tom Sepenzis with Northland.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: I'm just curious. You've talked about several product categories in automotive and home appliances, utility metering. Do you have -- what -- how big is that business right now? And where do you see it going to over the next, let's say, 2 or 3 years?
David J. Aldrich: Well, in aggregate, the nonmobile portion of our business is around 40%, and it is, by definition, not a very volatile group of businesses because it's so broad. So think of the classic diversified analog businesses that have certain core competencies which we've outlined, and we just keep applying them with a more system know-how in underserved vertical markets, and we get a disproportionate ASP and a lot of stickiness because the product life cycles are very, very long. So that's kind of the strategy there. It's very diversified, not terribly customer concentrated.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: And I'm sorry if this was asked, but I'm just curious as to why the tax rate was so low and why you think it's going to remain the 7% to 10% range over the next 1.5 years?
Donald W. Palette: It's just based on some business restructuring initiatives that we successfully implemented and how that translates into the end of the day or cash tax rate, so something we worked very hard at. And if you go back and look at our trend, we've been effectively been able to manage that at a number around what you're seeing as 7% or so.
Operator: Going next, we have Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brad Erickson: Two quick ones for me. First, can you talk about the back half of the calendar year ramp and on the shoulders of dollar content increases? Curious to know if there's any expectation of share gain, particularly with your handset customers built into that expectation. Are you just kind of talking about basically grabbing most of the available market growth?
Donald W. Palette: We're making an assumption of some share gains, as we've said. If you look at our prepared remarks, our recent press releases and Samsung and elsewhere, we expect that the complexity facing our customers is playing uniquely into Skyworks' capability with a broad system footprint. And as a result, with each successive design, subsequent design in smartphone space, for example, or the tablet space, we see the need for more integration in order to hit the size, price performance requirements. And that integration plays well into the fact that we're the only supplier in this space that produces about 6 million multi-chip modules every single day. We have unique IP in how one integrates chip scale and the like. And So I think the more there is complexity, the more share we expect to gain, and the more content we expect to be able to add. That's our strategy.
Brad Erickson: Great. That's helpful. And then on the pricing front, can you kind of just give us an update on how the pricing environment looks? It would seem that you're obviously speaking quite bullishly around the low-end smartphone growth and historically, have talked about how the high end has sort of supported those declines you've seen in the 2G market. Can you kind of give us an update how -- if anything's changed there in terms of the pricing in the market?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. As Don and David indicated, we're taking more of a system solutions orientation to dealing with customers and working with our customers. The complexity is going way up, and the types of products that we deliver to solve that challenge or to overcome that complexity with our customers are changing rapidly. They tend to be highly customized, defensible IP, real architectural solutions. And with that approach, we've seen much less ASP pressure, and we think that will continue the vertical markets much less ASP pressure, some cases, the lower-end space where you have more of a commoditized portfolio. The ASPs will run a little faster there, but that's becoming a smaller percentage of the business.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating tonight, and we look forward to seeing you in upcoming conferences.
Operator: Thank you, then, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference call, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti  David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and Corporate General Manager
Analysts: Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brett Piira Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Parag Agarwal - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Nitin Kumar - BNP Paribas, Research Division Mike Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thanks, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' first fiscal quarter 2013 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich; Don Palette; and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release, and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that our results and guidance we will discuss today are from [ph] our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Skyworks is off to a great start to fiscal 2013. Our strong first quarter performance and better-than-seasonal guidance again demonstrate how our diversification and expanding market opportunities enable us to consistently deliver superior financial results. At a high level, we're capitalizing on the proliferation of connectivity in all its forms across the diversified analog landscape. In fact, it's virtually impossible to find a segment today that is not incorporating some form of always-on access. And as the enabler of all things connected, Skyworks is benefiting from, and in some ways facilitating, this market transition. Today we bring to bear an entire portfolio of leading-edge technologies along with world-class system engineering capabilities to provide differentiated, performance-based solutions, spanning the entire diversified analog market. So as the world at large becomes increasingly more connected, we are uniquely positioned to lead this transition. And our strategy is paying off as reflected by the strength of our financial results and guidance. During the first quarter, we delivered revenue of $454 million. Now that's up more than 15% year-over-year. We achieved an operating margin of 25.3%. We posted [indiscernible] earnings per share and generated $148 million in cash flow from operations. [indiscernible] capital remained very strong at 21.4% [indiscernible]. In short, Q1 was an excellent quarter for us across all our key metrics. And for our second fiscal quarter, we see continuing momentum as key program ramps and growth in new product categories helped to offset normal seasonality. The combination of mid-teens revenue growth and mid-20% operating margin that we've demonstrated thus far into Q -- into fiscal 2013 puts our financial returns among the best of breed in the semiconductor industry. With the opportunity pipeline and design win momentum we have in place today, the stage is set for continued revenue growth, continued margin expansion and earnings leverage for the remainder of 2013 and beyond. Now for a more in-depth review of our financial results, I'll turn the call over to Don for his outlook.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone, we appreciate that. Revenue for the first quarter was $453.7 million, up more than 15% versus the year-ago quarter and nearly 8% sequentially. Gross profit was $195 million or 43% of revenue, which is in line with our prior guidance. Operating expenses were $80.2 million, consisting of R&D expense of $50.7 million and SG&A expense of $29.5 million. We generated $114.8 million of operating income, yielding a 25.3% operating margin, which is a 70-basis-point increase over the prior quarter. Our cash tax rate for the quarter was 7.3%, producing net income of $106.6 million or $0.55 of diluted earnings per share or $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our first quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $148 million in cash flow from operations; we invested $26.4 million in capital expenditures with the -- with depreciation of $18.5 million; and we repurchased 1.9 million shares of our common stock, representing a $42 million investment. Given our confidence on our business outlook, we continue to believe that repurchasing shares of our common stock represents a highly attractive use of our cash. And finally, we exited the quarter with $378 million in cash and no debt. Now for our second quarter business outlook, with the order visibility and specific platform launches we have in place today, we expect Q2 revenue to be $420 million, representing better-than-normal seasonality and a 15% year-over-year growth. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin in the range of 42.3% to 42.5%, with operating expenses of approximately $80 million. We continue to see opportunities for sustainable margin expansion in the second half and beyond as we leverage our current capital investments and benefit from the transition to a richer mix of margin-enhancing system solutions. Below the line, we anticipate $100,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate around 7%. We project our tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of our 2013 fiscal year. We expect share count to be around 193.5 million shares, resulting in second quarter EPS of $0.47. All of the underlying drivers are in place for Skyworks to continue to outperform, putting us on a clear path to achieving our mid-term business model of 30% operating margin which, as a remainder, generates around $3 in annualized earnings per share. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Don. For the remainder of the call, I'd like to provide some additional perspective on how we see the trend towards always-on connectivity transforming our analog markets. One of the overriding themes at this year's Consumer Electronics Show was the Internet of Things, which is comprised of sensors and embedded connectivity deployed across a seemingly endless range of devices that touch our everyday lives. We see this trend driving a proliferation of access points from conventional mobile devices, like smartphones, like tablets, to nontraditional devices like home appliances, medical devices, gaming consoles, industrial machinery, home entertainment systems, Smart Energy and security systems, just to name a few. Just compare the number of connected devices in your home today versus just a couple of years ago. The result may surprise you, and I can assure you that the list will only continue to grow over the next few years. In fact, some analysts are projecting over 50 billion connected devices within the next decade. This trend is happening today, and it represents the next major growth stage for the analog industry. Along with the explosion in access points, complexity is being driven substantially higher. Most network devices span a variety of communications protocols, including some mix of cellular, WiFi, Zigbee, peer-to-peer, Bluetooth, NFC on both licensed and unlicensed spectrum and across multiple operating frequencies. And the design challenges within this environment require competencies across mixed signal, analog and RF, including signal transmission and conditioning, seamless handoffs between disparate air interface technologies, power management, voltage regulation, battery charging, isolation, filtering and tuning, among others. And we have spent, at Skyworks, the last decade putting in place substantial differentiators to simplify these complex design challenges. Some examples: first, we are the experts in RF and analog system design, we're leveraging a global force of systems and applications engineers; second, we offer an unmatched technology portfolio that includes deep expertise in silicon on insulator or SOI, CMOS, gallium arsenide, BiFET, silicon germanium; and third, we have the leading capability in advanced multichip module integration; and finally, we are the low cost producer. By leveraging these core competencies along with the broad market footprint that we've created through our catalog business, we are rapidly transitioning our product mix towards integrated analog solutions and across diverse end markets. One interesting example of how this is playing out for us in real time is when -- is within the automotive market where we offer a portfolio of application-specific solutions that include GPS receiver modules, sensors, telematics, electronic transponders, diagnostics monitoring and collision avoidance. The automobile itself is transforming into a networked hub, incorporating in-dash infotainment consoles, navigation, real-time traffic and other demand-based services through a host of communications protocols. And looking ahead, we see substantial opportunity for continued growth as OEMs continue to increase functionality and therefore, analog complexity. And it's clear that these trends in the diversified analog market are moving in Skyworks' direction. As a solution provider with a broad technical footprint, our addressable analog opportunity is exploding. And as an enabler of all things connected, Skyworks is uniquely positioned as a direct beneficiary. We expect these positive underlying trends to fuel our TAM growth for years to come, and as our product highlights demonstrated, we're capitalizing today. In fact, during the quarter, we captured new design wins across a number of diverse applications that include Comcast's Xfinity home security and surveillance systems, high voltage protection circuits for Boston Scientific heart defibrillators, switch modules for in-dash automotive infotainment applications. Connectivity supporting -- connectivity ICs supporting Nest's energy-efficient intelligent thermostat, a 16-channel LED TV backlighting controller for LG and others, antenna-tuning and control module supporting multiple smartphone OEMs, connectivity solutions within several new set-top box designs across 3 leading OEMs, radiation -- and radiation-tolerant optocouplers supporting new iridium satellites. So in closing, we're quite optimistic about our prospects for the remainder of 2013 and beyond. Trends in the broader analog market are moving in our favor and our strategy of continuing to diversify and expand into new verticals, while maintaining a laser focus on operational execution is clearly working. Okay, that concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First, just a clarification, what was the mix between handsets and non-handsets in this quarter and where do you expect that mix to be in the March quarter?
Donald W. Palette: The mix, Vivek, this is Don, this quarter was similar to the mix that we had last quarter. It was 60% -- approximately 60% handsets and 40% HPA. And as far as the March quarter, we don't guide that, but we wouldn't expect that number to change materially in that quarter.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And that's my question, Dave, you are guiding to better-than-seasonal trend. And I think you mentioned share gains in your prepared remarks. Can you give us any more color around that? Is it driven by share gains at one single customer's new model? Is it more broad based? Because we have heard a lot of weakness at one of your larger customers in the March quarter, but you are guiding to better-than-seasonal trends, so I'm trying to understand where that strength is coming from.
David J. Aldrich: Sure, Vivek, thank you. In fact, we see -- you're probably right, March normal seasonality is in the 10% to 12% range. We're going to do better than that. And as you mentioned, some of our customers are doing very well, others not so well. They're challenged. We are seeing new analog opportunities ramping, antenna switch modules, wireless LAN devices, some tuning products. We've also -- as we talked about in the prepared comments, we've expanded into some new verticals. We are seeing sequential growth there in some cases in a seasonally down quarter for mobile. So I think it's just a combination of those identified programs, as well as beginning to ramp into some of these new verticals.
Operator: A question from the line of Craig Ellis of B. Riley& Co.
Brett Piira: This is Brett Piira here for Craig. I guess could you just talk a little bit about your 802.11ac design wins and then once in that, when do you see the ecosystem evolving into the smartphone, tablet, PC-type area? And do you still expect that to be meaningful in 2013?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Brett, this is Liam. 802.11ac is a major upgrade opportunity for the WiLAN ecosystem with Skyworks being a direct beneficiary. We are today closely aligned with the leading chipset providers, number one. We have design wins today and access points and routers that are shipping. We have new design wins that just occurred in the last quarter in notebooks and netbooks. And we see Q3, Q4 fiscal significant ramp in 802.11ac and handsets. So it's a story that is building momentum. And we think it's sustainable for a number of years.
Brett Piira: Okay. And then could you just provide me with your mix of 2G in the quarter?
Donald W. Palette: It was roughly 20% 2G and 80% EDGE and WEDGE.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Mike Walkley of Canaccord.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: This is Matt Ramsey on the line today for Mike. Just a couple for me. I wondered if you -- this is kind of building on the last question. I wondered if you might break out your 4G mix in the quarter, just because now, I mean with the 2 big guys kind of ramping 4G phones globally, it seems like that's probably a material portion of sales, and you hadn't broken out before. So I was just wondering if you might today.
David J. Aldrich: Well, our -- it's a little -- Matt, it's a little hard to answer that question specifically because as Don mentioned, it's about 80% 3G, 4G, 20% traditional feature phones and the like. And within those smartphones is a combination of 4G, 3G backward compatibility all the way to 2G. So it's difficult to break it out. But those products in smartphones for us are 3G and 4G PAs, increasingly WiFi enabled, the GPS and LNAs, the analog power management devices. So it's a pretty broad suite. And now antenna-tuning devices, and so on. So it's a pretty broad suite of analog products that make it up, of which 4G is an element. But it's hard to break it out specifically.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And then I guess as a follow-up and kind of unrelated, Apple talked recently about launching the iPhone LTE-enabled with 36 new carriers. From our work, it seems like LTE network rollouts outside of just the U.S., Korea, Japan are starting to pick up a little bit of steam. Maybe you could talk about what you're seeing on the wireless infrastructure front? Because I know that would be margin accretive for you guys. And anything that you're seeing different from the last several quarters where that market's been pretty weak?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Yes. The wireless infrastructure space, as we've discussed in the past, has always been a major opportunity for Skyworks, and it had been relatively sluggish through 2012. We are starting to see some design wins pick up and some demand pick up with customers like Ericsson, Huawei in Asia, Nokia-Siemens. So we have a great footprint there. We have a deep portfolio of analog mixed signal technologies and margins. And we agree, we think the LTE rollouts on handsets are going to be a catalyst for a major upgrade cycle.
Operator: And next question from the line of Parag Agarwal of Topeka Capital Markets.
Parag Agarwal - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Don, first question is about gross margin. How should we expect the gross margin to trend as we go forward? And if you could highlight specific margin drivers that we should look for.
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Parag. I mean, it -- this is consistent with what -- when we talked about our goal of a 30% operating margin. The incremental revenue at this point -- what we recommend that you do is on a -- is to drop that through at about 46% to 47% incremental margin. And we've said our goal is to drive that back up into the high 40s or even 50. But at this point in time, the best way to model it for '13 is to use that 46% to 47%. And that improvement from the drop you've seen in the last few quarters, I mean that's really driven by a combination of things. It's more of a -- it's a mix shift from -- going from 2G lower margin products, where we're going more towards high-end smartphones. And also the contribution Liam talked about as far as the overall content we're getting from the non-PA part of the business. And those margins are all accretive to the overall Skyworks. So you get your mix shift towards more and more content that's outside the traditional PA space and it's also a movement away from 2G. Those things, coupled with the extra volume, are going to drive margin enhancement for us in the back half of the year.
Parag Agarwal - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And, Dave, regarding the share gains, should we expect your share gains to accelerate as we head towards the end of the year, maybe driven by LTE and SkyOne and SkyHi? And also if you could talk about the traction you are seeing with SkyOne?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. I think you should see more the -- the trend of high share for Skyworks in smartphones and tablets and related devices, but you should also see more content bolted around the traditional transmit products for us. So as you see from recent Teardown reports, we're finding increasingly that our customers are coming to Skyworks and they're looking for more of a complete-system approach. They're asking us to figure out how to shield the -- how to shield frequency interference or coexistence issues, they're asking us how to figure out how to tune the antenna and work on the power management side, or the the architecture to improve current consumption. There's a lot of switching content, and of course, as you know, we're doing high performance GPS and LNAs and WiFi devices. So you should continue to see more dollar content, more functional content from Skyworks in each successive rollout and design. That's what you should expect.
Operator: A question from the line of Alex Gauna of JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could -- if I could take another step -- stab at this, Dave, and ask you about LTE exposure disjuncture. Maybe if just limit the question to PA opportunities specifically tuned for LTE. Is that maybe 5% or less of your mix or 10% of your mix or less, ballpark, and what could it go to by the end of the year as your mix improves?
David J. Aldrich: If I understand, Al, among our PA segment of the business, LTE is much higher than 5% or 10%. The only -- my only comment earlier was really meant to point out that we tend to tally the revenue and the content at which LTE may be a functional block or just simply one transmit path. So I don't have the number at my fingertips exactly, what percentage is, but it is increasing rapidly, and it's much higher than single digits.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I was wondering if you could talk about the backlog coverage for the current quarter and maybe what the turns were last quarter and what you need to do to make that into this quarter.
David J. Aldrich: It's quite similar. Our -- we're largely booked. I'll call it 80% to 90%. That, plus our Hub contract, give us a great deal of comfort that we put an appropriately conservative model out there.
Donald W. Palette: Pretty much fully covered when you include the Hub forecast, Alex.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Harsh Kumar of Stephens.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Two questions. First of all, I know, Don, you said expect the mix to be 60-40 again. But is there any standout category or any particular end market that's a stand out in the March quarter for you guys?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, I would say -- we talked about it a bit here. You're starting to see more traction outside of mobile. The 802.11ac opportunities, although they will address handsets in the second half, right now we're seeing a nice swing out here with routers. We've got MIMO contents so we could have 2 to 3 streams of devices in a single router. We've got some nice uptick now in our ZigBee portfolio, spanning home automation and security, we mentioned a few of those in the opening comments. So there's a lot of diversification outside of mobile that is moving us above seasonality and then we have some nice design wins that we're putting in place today in handsets that will affect us in the second half.
David J. Aldrich: We're also seeing some lighting in display, power management products that are ramping incrementally for a relatively small base, but those are products that we either acquired or have developed in the last couple of years that have -- that we have been presenting to our mainstream customers where we're starting to gain traction as we provide more of that overall system solution. We're seeing the same thing with more customers for our LNA products, and we continue to take share and ride the growth of WiFi.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. As I -- I mean, listening to your commentary and again reading the press release, seems like a lot of good things happening in the high-performance analog. And I think you just answered my second question. Seems like you're on a -- would you agree that you feel like you're at an inflection point with respect to that business?
David J. Aldrich: I think we had a -- it's been a long investment. We've been investing in building out the marketing and the design infrastructure and the product building blocks and now the solutions. We've been doing that now going on 6 or 7 years. So -- but we are beginning to see sequential growth as we have more content, and we're able to leverage the existing relationships we have. So these products are becoming more battle hardened. We are becoming more established with a footprint in the designs, and we're starting to see a snowball effect if that's what -- I think that's what you mean.
Operator: A question from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You mentioned the antenna tuning wins in your preamble. I was wondering if you could just kind of frame your thoughts on just the overall market there and when you expect to be shipping in phones?
David J. Aldrich: Well, actually, we are shipping antennas tuning solutions today using a number of different architectures and topologies. We think it is an increasingly important part of the architectures when you look at multimode, multiband and LTE. And what antenna tuning does is it effectively -- synthetically lengthens or shortens the antenna to improve matching, and Skyworks have some great IP around this. So what we're doing today is leveraging our switch technology SOI and pHEMT, also some of our developments, integrated solutions and packaging technologies to deliver custom solutions. So we are in production with antenna tuning, quite frankly it's not a one-size-fits-all solution. You have to look at each customer, each OEM, what their antenna is doing what bands they have, manage coexistence and filtering, in some cases. But we think it's going to be a powerful revenue driver for us for many years. It's early days for this, and we're well-positioned at the start.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And maybe if you could address -- you talked about 2G but maybe just address the overall emerging market and low-end 3G market, whether you're seeing any uplift there and kind of what the inventory picture is and how you're positioned?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. This is Dave. We don't see any inventory position there so inventory position is lean and appropriately so, for us. We typically address that market through a combination of distribution and direct. I would say about the 2G market, the beauty of some of these emerging markets is that, at China in particular, is that we are now seeing an inflection point where 2G, 3G, smartphones, high-performance devices are proliferating throughout that market. So there's a great deal of more content. Some of them have -- a lot of these phones have backward compatibility or they may, in fact, have a transmit path on 2G but they are 3G. Smartphones with a lot more contents, a lot more bands, a lot more filtering, a lot more switching, more WiFi connectivity just like the rest of the world. 2G is a standalone product, is -- has declined -- continues to decline perhaps mid-single-digit percentage of our revenue. That market is crowded with competitors. The ASP pressure is high and in fact customers simply don't want -- making -- successful customers making the transition to more high-performance smartphones and devices, simply don't want a discrete 2G PA. They want someone to integrate that solution into entire transmit and receive path. So you won't see much 2G standalone component business at Skyworks, it's simply not an attractive market. We're looking to facilitate the upgrade cycle to the smartphone.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Anthony Stoss of Craig-Hallum.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Don, could you talk about your in-house capacity utilization, and maybe start with the percent that you guys manufactured in the December quarter versus subcontracted out, if you will? And then, Dave, could you talk about where you stand on your BAW filter products and how competitive you think you'll be?
David J. Aldrich: Sure, Anthony. As far as utilization, I think it's consistent with the discussions we've had in the past. When you look at that utilization, we really look at it in 2 forms and one is sort of a equipment line utilization and the other is facility, square footage, bricks and mortar utilization. As far as the lines and the equipment again, we're fully utilized. That's been consistent for us for a long period of time. When you look at our ability to ramp production when you look at square footage utilization, we've got, particularly in Mexicali, we have square footage available. So for Shore Capital, we're able to expand capacity and drive incremental margin benefit because there's a fairly significant cost differential for us to do that internally versus externally. As far as internal versus external, how we actually source that, when you look at the last quarter, our HBT -- our GaAs wafer supply was about 20% externally sourced and 80% internally sourced. And then you got a keep in mind that as we've continued to grow in some of these bolt on opportunities that we've talked about, we're sourcing more and more of our products, they're silicon-based, and we're sourcing more and more of those from the outside. But as far as the GaAs goes, it's about 80/20 on the wafer supply.
David J. Aldrich: This is Dave. I think the second question was around filters. Let me try to clarify. We participate in filters as part of an integrated power amplitude -- tune to a power amplifier in the same of package of PAD. SkyOne has the complete suite of filters for all frequency and band. But we don't sell discrete filters. That's not our business. In these applications, in fact, today we're one of the largest integrators of filters in the world today. And let me kind of give you a sense for it. Below 2 gigahertz or so, we use SAW-based product. Their performance is high, the cost is low. And when then there's narrow spacing, so in other words, when their band's on top of one another at transmit and receive on top of one another in that market, we use temperature-compensated surface acoustic devices, temperature-compensated SAWS. That allows us to eliminate the temperature drift and have real spot-on performance. In very high frequency bands or bands -- AM bands that were -- again the TR is right on top of each other, transmit and receive, while the bands themselves are -- there isn't a lot of adjacent frequency gap. We do use some bulk devices for high frequencies, BAW, primarily Bulk Acoustic Wave, and that's an appropriate technology for high frequency. And so there's always a trade-off between a SAW does well and what a BAW does well and what a temperature-compensated SAW does well. We have strategic partners aligned for each of these devices today we are in production. And it gives us a great deal of flexibility because those suppliers are different. No one in the world has competencies that will handle all bands and all configuration at high performance. So it's a far better return profile. And we think -- and gives us a great deal more supply flexibility to work with the best process technology for given the existing application and band configuration. And we're doing that across the board today.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Dale Pfau of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Don, you've sort of danced around this, but maybe you could talk a little bit about the share of your products that are going the outside foundries versus internal, and how that's going to affect our margins. And can we get some margin expansion over the course of the year? Is the mix going to shift or the utilization get better? But how are we going to get some margin expansion here?
Donald W. Palette: No, it's consistent with what we've talked about in the past. First of all, as we continue to grow, we've got a 15% top line growth opportunity. We're going to get a significant benefit both in what we in-source, the manufacturing internally and we manufacture externally, we'll get a margin benefit in that. So that's point number one. Number two is, as we continue to move -- as the margins that we get on this incremental dollar content that we're getting, that both Dave and Liam would talk about, is accretive to the overall Skyworks margins. So as we see the greater and greater attach rate for GPS/LNAs, for instance, for WiFi devices. All of that within the mobile and outside of the mobile space, that's going to add margin dollars and margin percentage to the company. So that's a real [indiscernible]. Then we're going to see a mix shift in our traditional space where power amplifiers in the handset space were primarily part of the revenue, where we're moving away from 2G to 3G low-end smartphones and high-end smartphones. All of those products have accretive margins. So it's that combination that's going to continue to drive margin expansion. And, yes, we are outsourcing content. When you look at the incremental revenue and capacity we've added through acquisitions, all of that content -- and it's silicon-based, all that's outsourced. So that's been a consistent part of what we've been done in order to drive the margin profile for the last year, 1.5 years. That's not new.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And then as one follow-up, as your content hits would increase in the system architecture and customer dealing with the system, at what point do your customers get a little twitchy about having so much content with one supplier? Or have we already crossed that bridge?
David J. Aldrich: I think -- Dale, this is Dave. I think we crossed that bridge. If you look at it from a -- as the front-end complexity, if you will. By the front end, I mean analog, analog-mixed signal RF. As that complexity begins to rival the complexity in the applications processor in the modem and the overall system and it has a big, huge impact on the overall performance of the device itself, it is increasingly becoming -- they need a best system solution that is integrated, that's bundled, that's shielded, that's bulletproof. And just as most of our OEM customers have gotten over the fact that they're going to have custom baseband, for example, they're going to have a custom front end, and I think we just need to make sure that we have flawless execution on the supply chain side, high yields, never have reliability hiccups, and we're good at that. So I think they have crossed that bridge. Some more than others. Some like to generate more competition. But the fact is, that is increasingly a custom business, and very few customers are going out and shopping for the best discrete component. So very few, if any. And so we think that, that ability to integrate by keeping a broad technology footprint, by keeping our cost structure low, by being able to integrate both the semiconductor, as well as the module, the laminate and the passive gives us an opportunity to add a lot of value for our customers. And as long as we continue to support them as we have, I don't think there's an issue with that.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Vijay Rakesh of Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I had a couple of questions. When you look at your -- when you look at last year, you had good traction, the top couple of question why you did very well. Just wondering as you look at fiscal '13 or we look at 2013 here, how you look at -- how you feel as your top customers, how do you see those guys ramp? How do you guys -- how are you guys doing on the new platforms coming out, the market share there?
David J. Aldrich: I think that we well, in the mobile smartphone portion of our business, you will -- you should think about us having the kind of penetration and concentration that the market, the overall market has. So unlike many, we do participate with all the leading -- all the OEMs, and we participate on all the baseband providers, reference designs and systems. So we will look an awful lot like the market. We'll exceed the growth of the market because we're bolt on more content, and the demands of the market are looking -- customers are looking for more of the kind of solution we provided versus point products. That's good for us. So I think you should continue to look at it that way. I would expect you to see subsequent design iterations with our customers maintaining the content that we have today in the functional blocks, in which we participate. But seeing us bolt on more content, more shielding, more filtering, and switching, and all the rest.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. I mean, as a follow-on to that, success for us in 2013 and 2014 and beyond isn't just execution in the front end, where we're we've been successful. But now you're really going to see and you're just starting to see it now. ASM, antenna tuning being bolted on, multiple bands of WiLAN 802.11ac, display devices, LED backlight, camera flash, and a whole suite of power management, so that the opportunity around the center of the plate in multimode, multiband PAs and LTE is there. And we're going to execute, but we can really surround that with some complementary devices in analog and mixed signal and drive not only revenue but margin.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And the 802.11ac that you just mentioned, how big is it now? And how do you expect that growth year-on-year, if you could give us some color on whatever?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, it is a small percentage of our WiLAN portfolio today. It's going through an upgrade cycle from 11n. We think it's going to accelerate, but we love the opportunity. It's early. We're moving fast. We've got great relationships with the OEM partners in the chipset side, and we like the applications that are being driven by 11ac. It's going to enable quite a bit of interesting new consumer level applications.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Nitin Kumar of BNP Paribas.
Nitin Kumar - BNP Paribas, Research Division: My quick question on the pricing environment, especially on the handset side. I know content has been increasing and -- but like has been mentioned before, there's been some weakness in the higher and and more momentum in the lower end of the spectrum. Have you guys any seen pricing pressure or anything like that?
David J. Aldrich: We've seen pricing pressure be the most dramatic on the point products in 2G. We've seen increasing content offset any pricing pressure on the mid- to high-tier products or smartphone products, whether they'd be low, mid or high end, and a more normalized pricing pattern with these newer devices. We need to be on a path to continue to add value. We've been able to sweep in more functionality so that our customers pay us more, even though for the individual functional block, they're seeing enough value that they can meet their bill of material cost objectives. And that's our goal.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, and if you look that actual year-over-year price erosion number that we track and monitor very closely, we're tracking pretty much at that same 9% number that we've seen over the last few years. So anything new. The only -- at the low-end, as they said, there's been maybe a little bit more pressure, but overall our percentage is in line with what it's been historically. So that points to the upside in some of the other parts of the market.
Nitin Kumar - BNP Paribas, Research Division: I know linear products has been very strong, and I think, Dave, you mentioned automotives. As you sit here in the cycle, what are your thoughts for the rest of the year in terms of 2013? Do you see an improvement from this point on or any specific thought?
David J. Aldrich: I see the continuing -- a few years ago, we were kind of 80/20 on the mobile FAS space. FAS being dominated by transmit power. We are now more like 60/40. I see that trend continuing to be more balanced as we ramp vertical markets and as we add more content within our mobile customer systems than simply the transmit chain, and more system solutions, more functionality. So I think you will see the trend of more dollars and a more balanced portfolio, both in terms of a number of markets we address, the verticals we're penetrating, but also in terms of the amount of content we have, and how diverse it is within a smartphone for example.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Burton of Brean Capital.
Mike Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit about the -- if you could give us a little color about ET? When does that really become important to you? Do you have PAs to work with Qualcomm? And maybe to your strategy there, are you developing your own pHEMT or is it as a partner? And do you view ET as an opportunity for Skyworks to differentiate?
David J. Aldrich: Let me clarify that a little bit. That's a good question, Mike. ET is important. And for the big baseband providers out there, and you mentioned one, ET will be integrated as part of the chipset. And the system, the front-end PA system, if you will, is being quite customized around high performance to dovetail into that chipset solution. So it's not an ET PA as much as it is a PA that's optimized to deliver envelope tracking in the overall system architecture. So it is very important. And in fact for the first reference designs -- for the first designs that are hitting the market, we are the reference design with our multimode PA on the largest chipset supplier's ET System. So we are -- it is a growth driver for us. Most chipset suppliers, the large ones, at least, will facilitate ET, and there'll be a partnership between what the PA does. It won't be a separate PMIC for ET that the PA supplier provides. It will be more providing the right PA, maybe antenna tuning and bolting around it. There will be some small percentage of the market in our view that will have a discrete ET device. And we've been working on those devices. We have that capability. We also as you know, we bought a power management company. We've got PMIC capability. And that DC to DC converter technology gives us an advantage to drive the supply voltage and drive the transmit chain. So it's a good opportunity for us. We're leading today on the reference design with the largest, and we're excited about it.
Mike Burton - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And also your view on the CMOS PA market. You guys obviously bought the volume supplier at the time when you bought Axiom. Can you maybe size that market for us now? That market is progressing to some day capture low-end 3G. And if so, what sort of impact would that have on the space and for Skyworks obviously?
David J. Aldrich: The low-end CMOS PA market is tiny, frankly, because the 2G market continues to decline in units and in price. We do CMOS. We do low-end gallium arsenide. We do very cost-effective front-end modules to take that PA and integrate it with switch and control and logic to have it more integrated solution. But we're finding that the market for those discrete 2G products is dwindling. And so it's not frankly not a very attractive market for us. It's maybe 5% or 6% of our revenue, and it will not be accretive to margin. That's just not the way that market's going to play out. It is, however, 2G, you need backward-compatible to 2G in these low-end smartphones. And so that is where we're focused on. Integrated devices, there'll be CMOS content, there'll be gallium arsenic content, there'll be silicon germanium and SOI content in that transmit path. And we're really quite agnostic with respect and indifferent with respect to which technology it is.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Aalok Shah of DA Davidson.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just if I just pick your brain real quick on WiFi, especially on the 802.11ac. A lot of companies tell us there's, of course, the 2 bands. And some companies were in the couple, some were in the high band, some in the low band. How do you guys attack that market? are guys going after both? And how do customers kind of view that opportunity for you guys?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Well, first of all, we absolutely are attacking both bands, 2, 4 and 5 gig. And we have been, for the most part, the incumbent supplier in 11n. So in many cases, it's continuing to fortify the chipset partnerships that we have with the 2 leading players. And we have very strong positions with both. It's taking our current customers through the upgrade cycle. We were very early in sampling the technology, again provided by the support of our baseband partner. So we look at an absolute upgrade cycle at 2, 4 and 5 gig. We're seeing, as I mentioned before, MIMO, multiple streams and routers and access points that really magnifies the content. And then by and large, the handsets that we see today are going to go 2, 4 and 5 gig as well. So there's a lot of momentum there. I think if you listen to what Broadcom said as an example, how bullish they, we're right by them on those designs. So 2, 4 and 5 gig absolutely. I think if you look out a few years, there's some opportunities for us to integrate that into a single solution. But we are very well positioned in, quite frankly, what customers that we have solid relationships with.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Are you guys [ph] preferred vendor or preferred partner with Broadcom? We heard multiple different competitors of yours talk about the market and how they're well positioned with Broadcom. Can you describe how you think your relationship with Broadcom is?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, we think our position is very strong. We've been a partner for quite a while. And if you go back to our partner, SiGe, that we've acquired a year ago, that they had been involved there for years. So the relationship is solid. They're a lead player. There's others. And our position, we believe, is very strong.
Operator: Next question, from the line of Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Dave, can you give us an update on SkyOne, the design activity, the revenue ramp over there?
David J. Aldrich: Sure, Ittai. SkyOne, just as a refresher, SkyOne is a product that moves from the baseband chipset, the output of the baseband chipset through the antenna and back. It has all switching control, logic, filters, all filter bands and PAs. And it's really, Ittai, it's really a platform because we have devices that are going to be for more network-specific customers, who look to be more narrow, geographically. Others for the world phone market. The idea is that it's completely shielded and integrated that we take the analog complexity away for which we get paid for, which is nice. So we have released that product. We have it in various stages of qualification with at least 3 OEMs, and you will see that product ramping throughout 2013. It's just beginning because it's a very different architectural approach, and our customers need to get comfortable with it and go through the qualification of the sourcing, reliability, analysis, and it looks very good. So it's going be a good for us. It's going to -- it'll take a little while. It'll ramp faster than most because the ASP is very high. But nonetheless, it'll take a little while.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. And another follow on to that, Ittai, is that if you think about the R&D burden putting out a smartphone, the next-generation smartphone, what our customers need to do in terms of industrial design and display and performance that have nothing to do with RF. There's a tremendous amount of R&D burden, budget and challenge that is moving towards the display and look and feel. The RF budget is getting smaller, so we have an opportunity to come in and really solve that problem with multiple bands, antenna tuning and switching. We can make it configurable. So SkyOne really can be modulated and customized depending on the needs and the bands of the end OEM. So we are seeing that value being delivered and received with our customers, and we think it's great opportunity.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just to follow-up on that now. Correct me if I'm wrong, it was my impression that you have already revenue for that in the March quarter. Is that not true? And as a follow-up question, can you talk about China? Your business activity there sequentially in December, and how do you expect that to be in the March quarter?
David J. Aldrich: Ittai, with respect to SkyOne, I think given the rate of qualification you will see in the spring, if there's anything in March, it will be de minimis, it will be very small. So what was the second half?
Liam K. Griffin: With respect to China, what we've talked about here for a couple of calls is that kind of a smaller 2G business right now. So we have a lot of great relationships with companies like MediaTek and Spreadtrum. But the 2G business for us right now is getting smaller, and that's totally okay. Now to combat that though, on the upside, we're seeing some pickup in 3G. We're seeing better performance our of Huawei and ZTE. We're seeing performance out of Lenovo, for example, on smartphones. So we're seeing that migration from low-end single band GSM 2G to an upgrade cycle in 3G. It's playing out quite nicely.
Operator: And the next question, from the line of Quinn Bolton of Needham.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Steve, just wanted to ask 2 quick questions. You spent a lot of time on the call talking about the bolt-on content around the traditional transmit chain. But as you look forward in 2013, 2014, given the trends toward sort of multimode converged PAs or wider band PAs, do you think that the actual PA content starts to level out or actually declines and your overall content growth comes from this bolt-on analog content?
David J. Aldrich: Well, it's hard for me to distinguish. The content that will grow will be given the band proliferation. There'll be some architectures that we'll use on multimode PA. So while there have been more band that will tend to keep the price of the MMMB up and consistent, but clearly the cost per band needs to drop, right? It's got to scale somehow. It's got to be some semiconductor integration advantage on the MMMB. But where those customers will use an MMMB, there'll be some very -- the [indiscernible] filter is very, very complicated: complex filtering, switching, logic and control. So it's a great deal more content than the switch and on some of the other bolt-on functionality. So you kind of get to the same place of growing TAM, but in the case of an MMMB, you would see some integration advantage of the PA. The other bolt-on you're talking about are quite independent, which is the GPS products, the power management products, the antenna tuning, the WiFi, and that will be bolt-on. And we continue -- we think there's going to be growth for us as the system becomes more important than the individual device. That will facilitate growth for us for the next several years.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And just on the ET question. You talked about the tight coupling with the chipsets. Does that mean you end up having to do specific PAs for each reference design, or is the ET PA broad enough that it can interface with multiple chipsets or multiple vendors' ET chipsets?
David J. Aldrich: I think it's quite unique per chipset and oftentimes will be customized by customer platform. Not only the PA, but the power management scheme, the PA device and the antenna tuning.
Liam K. Griffin: And having said that, there's a limited universe of suppliers that have the sophistication to handle that matching. Having power management in our wing is definitely an advantage for us.
Operator: Next question, from the line of Tom Sepenzis of Northland.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: I just wanted to -- I had a couple quick housekeeping things. One, can you -- I think your tax rate is going to be 7% for the rest of the year, is that correct?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, that's correct.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: And what is driving the low rate?
Donald W. Palette: We had guided to 7.5%. The change from 7.5% to 7% was really just the passing of the recent tax legislation. They confirmed that they were going to extend the R&D tax credit and bonus depreciation. So that's what drove it down from 7.5% to 7%. When you look at our 7.5% and compare it to others in the space, we have a very competitive tax rate. And it's really a result of what we've been doing with some business restructuring initiatives. And that's really helped us drive that rate to a very, very competitive level. But that small changes because of the legislation.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: And do you expect that to continue beyond 2013 and into 2014?
Donald W. Palette: Well, we don't guide. Guiding the rate is hard because it's based on the whole elements of earnings and -- but what we've said is that as earnings and revenue grow, it's not linear. So that rate probably is going to roll up a little bit. And I think if you're looking at beyond '13 and '14, I think using a lot [ph] [indiscernible] rate is probably pretty competitive. But again we haven't specifically guided that. But it is going to go up a little bit.
Operator: And next question, from the line of Edward Snyder of Charter Equity.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Dave, you look at over the landscape a little bit longer term than the next couple of quarters. You've got a lot of excess cash capacity in the industry right now. You got MMPAs, dual-band pads, things that are compressing the overall GaAs ASP per band I would say. And at the same time, as you've mentioned and as some you have pointed out, the filter business is starting to boom, especially in the BAW side of the thing. We've got these new antenna tuners as a new technology out here. Skyworks is very strong in the analog side of the business. Would it be unreasonable expectation to suggest that maybe the business models starts moving more to that direction. I don't want to say away from GaAs, of course, but maybe less of an accent just on the kind of classic historic RF GaAs business? And where does that put Skyworks, given you're likely not going to get into the BAW side or even SAW given the unit volumes? Would you be pushing more into some of the more infrastructure fragmented markets and then maybe away from such a large reliance on RF GaAs?
David J. Aldrich: And I would say that you've already seen a transition where a few years ago, or a couple we were 80/20, 80 mobile, most of which was gallium arsenide. Today, that number is getting closer to half-and-half. And within the PA space in the transmit side, we've got a mix of technologies. And you're right about too much GaAs capacity. But I'd characterize it this way: For those who are -- who have a good broad footprint and are gaining content with the smartphone leaders and the like, capacity utilization is not an issue, and we don't believe will be an issue for years to come. If you don't have that broad footprint, you have to try to fill vertically integrated capacity, and you do it by dropping prices on 2G PAs, for example, and that's not good from a return standpoint, and that's not our business model. So you should continue to see the diversification go on. And, Ed, while we don't participate in BAW filters or discrete filters of any type, that's not our business. That's mostly -- our Japanese suppliers are in that business, and they tend to -- they've had decades in that business. We are a leader anytime that filter is tuned with and integrated with a PA: SkyOne, PADs. Look at paradigm reports for customers who use PAD. And we see margin-accretive products where we can gain a lot of content and value by tuning that filter in PA using different technologies depending upon the band configuration. So we're using a combination of SAW -- temperature compensated SAW and BAW devices. We expect to be a leader in filters in the sense that when the filters are tuned on the transmit side to a PA.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And so to the safe kind of point, you've always been kind of a leader on the cost side of the GaAs business. You got your own assembly test, which is unique in the industry. RF Micro just picked up Amalfi, was formerly the largest 2G supplier. RF Micro's pretty big in 2G enough. They certainly are the largest. And from our check, it sounds like pricing has eased a bit. Skyworks was early in the CMOS. It's not a big part of your business now or I would expect neither is 2G. But if that segment starts to grow and the margin starts to -- or at least ASP start to rise a bit given there's less competition today than it was a year ago, is that an area where Skyworks could possibly grow? You still have the Axiom product lines. I don't know how much they've been updated over the several years that you've had them, but given your cost advantage in testing and assembly, is that something that could be reasonably assumed in outyears if we see growth in the area that Skyworks should move back in?
David J. Aldrich: No, I think you should assume that where 2G is required in backward compatibility for low-end smartphone, for example, Skyworks will be a leader there. And it will be a mix of technologies that will have CMOS but we'll have silicon and insulators, some gallium arsenide for sure. I don't think you should expect growth in margin units or total TAM dollars in the 2G standalone market, whether it's CMOS or gallium arsenide. That market, that ship has sailed. I mean, that market is in a unit volume decline. And the competitors who are in that space, think of the local indigenous suppliers in that part of the world, as well as the silicon guides you talked about, we bought one. The margins in those businesses are just not consistent with the margins that we want to generate in our business model. They're very dilutive. So we just don't think investing any money in that business is good for our investors.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. And I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Thank you for joining, everyone, and we look forward to seeing you in upcoming conferences.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti  David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Analog
Analysts: T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks fourth fiscal quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report a strong finish to our 2012 fiscal year with fourth quarter results exceeding our prior expectations. As we enter fiscal 2013, our market drivers remain strong and we're capturing more content than ever before within our existing mobile and diversified analog markets. On top of this, we are rapidly expanding our footprint in complementary new verticals like automotive, like medical and the connected home. Our competitive positioning continues to strengthen. With this design momentum and new product pipeline we have in place today, the stage set for us to outpace our addressable markets in 2013. Now turning to the fourth quarter results. We posted revenue of $421 million. That's up 8% sequentially and slightly above our previously updated guidance of $420 million. We produced fourth quarter operating income of $103.6 million with operating margins of 24.6% and that's up 100 basis points sequentially. We earned $0.53 in diluted earnings per share, and that's a $0.01 better than our updated guidance. And we're guiding to 14% year-over-year revenue growth in the December quarter with expanding margins. So it was another strong performance for Skyworks. For a more detailed commentary on the quarter, I'll turn it over to Don now for his financial review and outlook.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave and thanks again for joining us, everyone. I'll first provide a more in-depth review of our fourth quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2013. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $421 million, up more than 8% sequentially. Gross profit was $180.7 million or 42.9% of revenue. Operating expenses were $77.1 million, consisting of R&D expense of $49.2 million and SG&A expense of $27.9 million, yielding $103.6 million of operating income and a 24.6% operating margin. Our cash tax rate ended the year at 4.8%, down from 6.3% in 2011, primarily driven by our successful implementation of multiple business restructuring initiatives. And as a result, we paid no cash taxes in Q4 based on favorable year-end adjustments to our annual tax rate. Net income was $103.5 million or $0.53 of diluted earnings per share, $0.01 better than our updated guidance range. Now turning to our fourth quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $50 million in cash flow from operations, bringing our fiscal 2012 total to $285 million. Exited the quarter with $307 million in cash and no debt. Invested $31 million in capital expenditures during the fourth quarter with depreciation of $17 million. Now for our first quarter 2013 business outlook. With our new platform wins and design momentum, we expect Q1 revenue to be up 14% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Assuming a revenue level of $450 million, we suggest modeling gross margin to be up slightly to around 43%. Looking ahead, we see opportunity for further gross margin enhancement as we realize the benefits of our current capital investments and ramp up margin accretive products like SkyOne, SkyHi and our portfolio of a high-performance analog products. We expect fourth quarter operating expense to be approximately $80 million, resulting in operating margins just north of 25%. Below the line, we anticipate $100,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate of around 7.5%. We expect our cash tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of our 2013 fiscal year, and that's better than our prior expectations of around 10%. As a result, we expect Q4 EPS at $0.54 using a base of 195 million shares. And as Dave will discuss, the drivers are in place today for Skyworks to outpace market growth, putting us on a path to achieving our midterm business model of 30% operating margins at quarterly revenue level of $550 million which, as a reminder, produces around $3.00 in annualized earnings per share. Now with that I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on our business drivers. Dave?
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Don. Now for the remainder of the call, I'd like to highlight 4 key elements of our strategy that underpin our growth and expectations. First, we are levered to high-growth markets. Second, we are broadly diversified across customers, product set and end markets. Third, our competitive differentiation provides a sustainable advantage in the market. And fourth, our unique business model enables us to efficiently convert strong top line growth into superior operating results. So starting with our market opportunities. We are fortunate to be a participant in many of the highest growth markets within the technology space today. By every measure, the mobile broadband phenomenon continues to advance on a global basis, slowly displacing traditional computing. Internet stalwarts like Google, Amazon and Microsoft, who historically have not participated in mobile devices, today see mobility as a critical component of their long-term strategies. This has spurred a race to provide the next generation of leading-edge smartphones and tablets as a gateway for eCommerce, for on-demand content, location-based advertising, mobile apps, cloud-based services and social networks. In emerging markets like China, the mobile broadband adoption rate is just beginning. Among China's top carriers, 3G still comprises less than 20% of the total subscriber base, creating a significant growth driver over the next 3 to 5 years as 2G subscribers upgrade. And in fact, a recent report from Barclays estimates that in China alone, 1.2 billion smartphones will be shipped throughout 2015. As a benchmark, around 300 million will be shipped throughout 2012. As this technology revolution is by no means limited to mobile, wireless connectivity is becoming pervasive throughout a growing array of applications in consumer products, machine-to-machine, home automation, even spanning automotive and medical applications. According to ABI Research, the number of Wi-Fi enabled devices shipped is expected to surpass 1.5 billion this year. This is more than twice the number shipped just 2 years ago. Second, we are broadly diversified, enabling stronger and more consistent financial results. Now as a reminder, there are 3 elements to our diversification strategy: diversification across our OEM customers, within our product offering and across a broad array of end markets. The result is that today, we are the supplier of choice with a leading share position at every mobile device OEM and baseband partner, helping to insulate us somewhat from customer share shifts. We address more RF and analog content today than ever before, beyond traditional power amplifiers and RF front ends into power management, Wi-Fi, GPS, switch modules, filters and tuners. We're addressing a broader set of end markets. Increasingly, we are seeing new opportunities in consumer products, home automation, automotive, medical and military. Third, complementing our diversification, we have well-defined and long-established competitive differentiators. We're experts in RF and analog system design, leveraging a global force of system and applications engineers. We offer an unmatched technology portfolio that includes deep expertise in SOI, CMOS, GaAs, BiFET and silicon germanium, along with a library of nearly 1,000 patents. We have leading capabilities in advanced integration, including proprietary shielding, 3D die stacking, flip chip and others. And we are the lowest cost producer based on our global scale and our integration capabilities. These differentiators allow us to produce the highest performing devices with the highest levels of integration. And SkyOne is a great example of this. Our customers are placing higher value on total solutions. And there's a clear premium placed on performance, supplier reliability and application support, which further reinforces our leadership position. And fourth, by leveraging these competitive advantages, along with our industry-leading scale, integration capabilities and hybrid manufacturing models, we've assembled an engine that efficiently converts above market growth into best-in-class returns. We are firmly committed to achieving our target operating model of 30%, which puts Skyworks among the top of the class within the semiconductor space. And we believe these 4 strategic pillars provide us with a clear competitive edge in the market. Now looking ahead to the year ahead -- now looking to a new year ahead, we have some very specific growth drivers in place that provide us a high level of confidence in our growth trajectory over the course of 2013. First, LTE. We're already engaged in developing activities supporting several major 2013 phone models that incorporate entirely new LTE bands like 9 and 10; 18, 19 and 38, 41, in support of deployments in Europe and Asia, resulting in more addressable content. Second growth driver are the emerging market smartphones. We have significant design momentum in leading smartphone reference designs within the China market, where we see our RF content opportunity more than doubling. On top of this, even the most basic smartphone provides new addressable analog opportunities that further expand our content. In total, it's not uncommon for us to be pursuing up to $3.00 or more in addressable RF and analog content in these applications. Third, is the growing adoption of tablets. The recent introduction of smaller screen sizes and lower price points is expected to dramatically increase adoption rates over the course of 2013. In fact, analyst forecasts predict that tablet shipments could reach more than 350 million units within the next 3 years. This market segment is clearly performance driven. And based on the strength of our technology offerings, Skyworks has established a leading share position with strong incumbency advantages. And finally, an explosion in mobile connectivity. Over the course of 2013, we expect to see a wave of 802.11ac enabled notebooks, tablets and smartphones enter the market with higher addressable dollar content for Skyworks. We already have significant traction in the 802.11ac market and have been designed into some of the first ultrabooks and smartphones to incorporate this technology. In total, as we look at the year ahead, we see these trends providing a mid-teens TAM growth opportunity, representing a powerful tailwind for Skyworks. So in closing, our fourth fiscal quarter marked another strong performance for Skyworks. And we're very optimistic about our prospects for 2013. We believe that our strategy of continuing to diversify our business, expanding into new verticals and maintaining a laser focus on operational execution is clearly working. This concludes our prepared comments. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of Craig Ellis representing Caris & Company.
Unknown Analyst: This is Brett Perry here for Craig. Could you just give some granularity on the segments in the quarter and the outlook between cellular and linear products where the growth was coming from?
Donald W. Palette: Well, the actual revenue breakdown, Brett, for the quarter was 40% high performance analog and 60% handsets, smartphones.
David J. Aldrich: And I think from a segment standpoint, from a market standpoint, we expect strong growth in smartphones and tablets. We also expect strong growth in mobile connectivity. And we expect to see some ongoing softness in areas like smart energy and infrastructure.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, thanks. And then on your intermediate term financial model, what's your confidence in reaching that in 4 to 6 quarters? And I guess, given that the revenue target on that is 20% above current levels, is that really needed to hit your 30% operating margin? Just maybe some gives and takes within the model.
Donald W. Palette: Sure. I mean, well first of all, I think you have to look back to the track record. At various points in the last 3 or 4 years, we put together mid-term models and we've had a very high success rate at hitting those every time and, if you think about that 550, it is about 22% growth. But if you look at what we've been talking about, as far as the market opportunity, without even gaining any share, we see 2013 as a 15% kind of growth opportunity. So that kind of hangs with the 4 to 6 quarters that we've talked about. So we clearly see that opportunity in that 6-quarter horizon, within that horizon. And the volume is critical to hitting the 30%. You do need revenue level to leverage the OpEx as well as to continue to enhance and generate margin improvements. So you do need that kind of level to hit the 30%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the lines of Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Dave, just a little bit of -- clarifying that, just for Q4, do you expect stronger mix of smartphones? Can you maybe just a bit on the macro environment? Certainly looks like on some high-volume smartphones you had strong content share, so can you maybe discuss if you might be losing short-term share in other customers or if it's still the macro backdrop has different customers struggling?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Okay. First, we're quite pleased with our second-half performance. If you look -- include our guidance, that puts us up about 15% in the second half versus the first half. So we're pleased with that, that's higher than the growth rate of the market. We are a very broadly diversified supplier. We ship to everyone. Therefore we are a bit of a proxy. And we continue to take share among the leaders while diversifying. So we're growing faster than the market. And I think that our sequential guidance this quarter being up 7% in the market, it's probably up in the mid-single digits range, is consistent with that.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, thanks. And Don, can you just share with us, the 10% customers in the quarter, and the 2G and 3G mix within the wireless?
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Mike. The 10% for the quarter were Foxconn, Samsung. And 2G was roughly 20% of the revenue for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. In terms of the pricing environment, is there anything we should make note of as to what might be going on in, particularly, in the smartphones space this quarter and maybe next quarter?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Aalok. This is Liam. We certainly see some pricing activity, some pressure in some of the lower end markets, the 2G markets in China. In the smartphone space, however, we see this market driven by performance and value, and our technology there has led us to a number of new design wins and that's given us pretty defensible position with respect to pricing.
Donald W. Palette: And Aalok, just like to add to that, if you look at our historical ASP erosion, and we do it part by part, year-over-year. I mean, it's a metric that we look at very closely. We are well within the historical ranges. We see a little bit of a bump in the open market 2G pricing maybe a little higher discounting than we see in the past, but other than that, it's right within historical ranges for the rest of the portfolio.
T. Michael Walkley - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And, Liam, in terms of kind of how you see the next few quarters, I guess this question's more meant you, you had a good ramp with Samsung on their flagship platform. Are you guys seeing some softness maybe at that customer, maybe going into this quarter? Or is there anything else we can make note of as to how you're progressing with that customer in the near-term?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. What I can tell you, in general, that with the leading smartphone accounts, one of the things that we're quite pleased about, and Dave alluded to this is that we are -- we're gaining additional content here. We're gaining share but we are also adding new products to our mix. For example, I think, when you look out over the next several quarters, you'll start to see an increasing attachment with embedded Wi-Fi devices from Skyworks, 2GB, 4GB and 5GB, oftentimes 11ac. And we're one of the first to market with that technology. You going to see an increasing attachment with the GPS LNA suite of highly customized devices, higher margin, very high performance. You're starting to see antenna switch modules now become part of our story. So those are some of the themes here, as well as power management by the way, not only camera flash but also RF power when we move into voltage regulators and soon, DC to DC converters. So there's really a real upswing here in new products that we're bringing to market that complement our existing high share position in front-end solutions.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Tavis McCourt representing Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about kind of the flexibility in the operating plan if, for some reason, economic conditions or something else happens that makes that 15% TAM growth increasingly unlikely next year, how quickly can you kind of scale up or how much do you have to forward invest on the operating cost in a situation like that?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the first we'll -- I think the first and most importantly talk about the hybrid manufacturing model, I mean, we -- I think we're extremely well positioned to handle any revenue volatility, whether it's upside or downside, with the combination of internal sourcing and external sourcing, so from a margin standpoint, we think that positions us for best-in-class margins regardless of what happens to the top line. So that's very positive. And from an operating expense standpoint, I mean, we have some flexibility. There's variable costs on the line. But at $80 million, we think we are sized appropriately. And we wouldn't expect to change that dramatically. But I do think from the margin standpoint, we will produce the best results, given any revenue condition.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then a follow-up on the balance sheet. How much of that cash is in the U.S. and unencumbered? And as we get close to the cash levels you were before the acquisitions just a couple quarters, how should we think about cash...
Donald W. Palette: The lion's share, that's in the U.S. It's probably 80% -- at 85%. And the amounts that aren't onshore can be invested in some investments we're making in some of the new business structures, so it can be utilized very effectively.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And in terms of cash usage, as we watch the cash grow now back to pre-acquisition levels?
Donald W. Palette: It's the same for us at all times. We're interested in using the cash as a competitive weapon and to generate shareholder value. So we're going to continue to look at the right M&A opportunities, where we can grow and accrete not only EPS but operating margin. We'd look at share buybacks at times. And so anything that we believe is going to add shareholder value would be a possibility for the company.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I wanted to drill into the OpEx, just wanted to understand why it is that you're guiding to such a significant quarter-over-quarter increase in OpEx?
Donald W. Palette: It's really when you look at where we ended up, Ittai, for Q4, the $77 million, we're guiding up to $80 million, and it's really there's some targeted headcount adds that we're doing both from an R&D and field application support standpoint. And we've got some variable R&D expenses that are tied to key programs. All these investments if -- we're very confident shareholders are going to be pleased because we see some significant return opportunities down the road for these investments.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Can you be then a little bit more maybe forward-looking in commenting on how should we think about OpEx growing from that December quarter level moving forward? I mean, is this a one-time kind of jump up and then it lands up somewhat?
Donald W. Palette: I wouldn't be expecting it to go from 80 back down the 77. That isn't that -- I don't think that's what you should...
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: No, can it stay flat? Or I mean, I'm just trying to -- it really seems unusual and I look at your increase last year also, and last year your OpEx was flat moving from September to December. So there wasn't anything seasonal to it. I'm just trying to understand again how do I get my hands around this?
Donald W. Palette: Well, yes. Exactly, exactly. My comments weren't seasonal at all. Hopefully that didn't confuse you about what I said. I was talking about program investments, they weren't seasonal at all. But yes, you can expect the 80 to be flat certainly into -- through the March quarter. We have pay raises midyear that start June 1 so that there's a -- there can be a slight increase with that. So there will be some increases beyond that. But they are really immaterial in the scope of things when you look at the amount we are investing.
David J. Aldrich: I think this is, Ittai, that these were variable expenses more than anything else. So we have a high masked charge, for example, this quarter, as we are ramping and transferring a lot of designs into production. So it's pretty simple. It's as simple as that.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. But this still leaves you comfortable that, with this increase, you can reach that 30% operating margin target at that specific revenue level?
Donald W. Palette: Absolutely. Because again, we're going get there as a two-pronged approach, as we always do. So our goal is both margin expansion and leveraging at 550, whether the OpEx is $81 million, $81.5 million a quarter. That's well within the range of what we can do to deliver the 30%. So yes, we are totally confident in that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Don, I just wanted to follow up with the mix of your business between RF and analog. I thought you said the mix was 60 40. Last quarter was 65 35. I know it's not perfect math but obviously, there's some rounding in there, but it would suggest the RF business really didn't grow quarter to quarter, if you get the math to work. I'm just wondering if you could give any clarity as to if that's the right math? And then conversely, what's driving the growth in analog?
Donald W. Palette: Well, Blayne, just to clarify, we're 40% high performance analog this quarter and 60% handset. And last quarter, 65% handset and 40% -- or 35% high performance analog. Correct? I just want to make sure your comments were tied...
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Then the mix of handsets just declined but yet your revenue went up. So I'm just trying to understand the moving pieces. It would suggest the handset portion hasn't grown that much but yet the analog portion is.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, we have seen some improvement growth on the high performance analog piece. Again, you have to take into account that we have some acquisitions that have come in, that we've been able to lever up with share gains. We've been able to take, for example, a high performing WiLAN portfolio and drive it into numerous customers. Not only handsets but also routers, we're enjoying an 11ac ramp, the GPS technology is launching and looking very strong for us. And then if you look at some of our antenna switch products and advanced antenna tuning products, we are starting to see some momentum there. So we've had benefits as well on the high performance analog side. That have -- that propelled the growth here in the last quarter.
Donald W. Palette: If you look at the Teardown and think of it this way, if you look at the Teardown reports and these numbers, 35% to 40%, we're kind of rounding a little bit, it's a little bit less than 5% sequentially, but be that -- but having said that, if you look at the Teardown reports and then listen to our commentary, we're seeing a lot of smartphone growth, for example in GPS LNA power management devices, camera flash drivers, antenna switch modules and Wi-Fi devices versus a traditional PA. So when you look at those products as being non PA-based or high performance analog, that explains parts of it. So think of it in those terms. Where we got your PA business, it'd be up slightly and bolt-on products that are up more dramatically because those are new growth drivers for the company.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: As your volume increases, anything you can do on the materials cost side to try and get better pricing from your suppliers? Also, as you're launching new GPS technology and Wi-Fi in the AC side, is that accretive to gross margins? I'd love to hear kind of your view on those 2 pieces and SkyOne ramp and [indiscernible].
Donald W. Palette: Anthony, as far as how we manage our supply base and we absolutely -- I think we're do an excellent job, we have very specific targets year-over-year as far as driving material content out and volume certainly helps with those discussions. But that's something we talk about and execute on every day. So that's clearly part of our ability to expand margins on a go forward basis and has been part of it for the last 3 to 5 years.
David J. Aldrich: I think as you look forward to 2013, the products that you are seeing in the most recent Teardown reports and that we have been highlighting on this call are on balance and, on average, accretive to our company gross margin. That includes SkyHi, it includes SkyOne, it includes Wi-Fi and GPS. Those products are all accretive to our averages. They're relatively new to us and they're ramping now. So as we look at the mix of products moving away from to 2G, more commoditized segments and towards more highly integrated products at which SkyOne is probably the most dramatic example, those products are indeed accretive. And you'll see those playing out through 2013 in improving margins.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thanks. A couple questions here. It's clear that your analog products are starting to grow here and I guess that's where some of your balance shift towards HPA has been on the quarter. How much of that are your acquiring to hit your target market? Sounds like it's going to be a big growth area for 2013 especially since these new acquisitions, you're leveraging the share gains. So is that a big component, Don, of the target market? And then I know SkyHi was introduced last year, I think it's sampling, now, when is it likely -- are we likely to see that in a Teardown of a production phone? Is it -- are you targeting first half of next year, late next year? Any idea at all?
Donald W. Palette: So Ed, just to clarify your first question, you meant for the target model? You said, market. You mean, model, right?
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Yes, exactly.
Donald W. Palette: And in order to achieve that 30% we are not assuming a big shift in the HPA handset percentage at this point in time. So if that 60 40 goes more towards high performance analog, that's a positive. That actually accelerates margin accretion. But we are not expecting a big movement from that in the model estimate.
David J. Aldrich: And I'm not sure I understand you, did you mean SkyOne? When did we see SkyOne, you said SkyHi.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: . Yes, I meant, SkyOne.
David J. Aldrich: Okay, just because SkyHi is in production now. SkyOne, we have sampled to multiple customers. We have a lead customer who's putting it through its paces now with an expectation that very early in 2013, you'll be able to buy by a phone with SkyOne incorporated. And just to remind the listeners, SkyOne is a complete multimode PA addressing both 3G and LTE bands. It has all the duplex filtering, all the switching logic and control to extend from the output of the transceiver chipset, right to the antenna and back. It is the most highly integrated product in the market, in the world. In fact, in RF front end and it's accretive to our margins.
Operator: And we'll go to the lines of the Vivek Arya from Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm curious, if your analog products are growing faster than some of the handset parts, why are gross margins under some pressure? Is it because of more outsourced parts or is it just that some of these new analog parts are going into a handset also? And if also, the same time, if you could comment on Q1 gross margin outlook, I think the fall through appears to be about 39% or so, which is below your 50% target. So if you could just address the Q4 and Q1 gross margins there, the moving pieces in that.
David J. Aldrich: This is Dave, I'll take the first part of that. First, the smartphone and these higher level mobile devices incorporate both our FVS [ph] products as well as the suite of HPA products. So again, the GPS LNAs, the mobile connectivities, the high throw count switches, the power management devices, LED products, they're high performance analog. So it is a mix.
Donald W. Palette: Yes and as far as the question on the margin, yes, you're right. We've historically -- as we've been generating margin expansion, we've been dropping through in the high 40s. And just to remind everybody when we had our Analyst day, we talked about that going into 2013, when we had recommended modeling 45% to 46% kind of drop going -- and it's really -- in the guidance that we just gave on the 450, the 43% off of what we produced in the fourth quarter is a little over 44% drop. So it's pretty consistent with what we said. And the reason for that is, that we talked about, it's a higher mix of outsourced material with volumes ramping. We've made some CapEx investments, it takes 2 or 3 quarters, we're working through the payback on that. So some of that benefit isn't yet in the numbers. Some of the higher margin segments as we talked about on Analyst day, like infrastructure, still a little sluggish. And we had a little higher in Q4 and Q1, a little higher 2G mix which is, again, has had the most ASP compression, a little bit lower margin. So those are really the reasons. But again for modeling purposes, we would recommend using 45% to 46% going through the balance of the year, as far as contribution.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Gauna from JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I know you don't guide 2 quarters out, but I was wondering if you could give us an idea of what you would consider normal seasonality in this environment? And based on your visibility, if you think you can better than normal seasonality in the March quarter and maybe some of the puts and takes on that.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, thank you. It's a little too early to tell what margin is going to shape up to be. It depends somewhat on holiday season sell-through. I think it's -- given our design status and recent wins, we do expect to outperform whatever the market may be. But honestly, I think we need to see a little bit more the December quarter as we move through October into November, December.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. And I was wondering, you mentioned some of the opportunities, I think your content doubling in some of your China opportunities. Can you talk about what percentage contribution you think as an end market China is for you today and maybe some insights into your optimism around that?
David J. Aldrich: Well, the end -- the 2G end market China business is mid-single digits as a percentage of revenue. And that's really defined as kind of the indigenous local providers and the products we sell through the likes of MediaTek and others. That's about 5% or 6% of our revenue. And we step forward into 2013, that business kind of hit a trough of unit volume, where the decline in 2G was more than offsetting the uptake in 3G, TD and smartphones in general. We see the crossover point occurring about now certainly into early 2013, where the TAM will begin to expand again as the most heavily commoditized segment of the whole wireless business today is open market 2G China. I think that business gets smaller and smaller and will finally begin to see real increase in smartphone adoption rate in China. So we think China is a great story in 2013 and '14. It hasn't been a great story in the late 2011 and 2012.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And Alex, this is Liam. As a follow up to that, I think, you're going to see China being a gross margin mover for us, whereas the 2G business today is the lion's share, you're going to see more customized infrastructure solutions to lever to ZTE and Huawei. We're actually starting to deliver some of the Wi-Fi technology that we mentioned to companies like HTC and also Huawei. So I think you're going to see a mixed benefit as well as revenue move in 2013.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, one other thing. It's probably an early indicator is when we're competing now for design win sockets on reference designs, for example, for 3G and so on in that market. We're competing with highly specialized, customized designs for that chipset. In 2G, we're competing with several competitors, many of whom really had no choice but to compete on the basis of price. We do not see that model replicating in the 3G smartphone space. So not only will there be increased content, the products will be far more complex. There'll be more bolt-on capability because there'll be higher Wi-Fi attach rate, there'll be GPS, there'll be other products, there'll be more complex power management needs. We can address those. So it's really -- it's a double whammy. We get the growth in unit volume with higher dollar content driven by complexity and we get to bolt-on a lot of new HPA products as a result of the very nature of those products being more smart than 2G voice only.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dale Pfau from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Dave, may we talk a little bit about connectivity? I know in that's in HPA, are you seeing that grow faster than your overall sort of 15%, 14%-15% year-over-year growth? And can you talk about -- a little bit about how you are seeing that not only in the December quarter but could we see an acceleration of that in the first calendar quarter?
Liam K. Griffin: This is Liam. That is certainly one of the fastest-growing portfolios for us, the whole 802.11 suite. We have 11ac now as the leading driver for growth, but we also have sustainable gains even in 11n. So one of the themes here is just really the attachment into smartphones and tablets, which is relatively new. We see an increased content and margin pop as we move to 11ac, and we are also seeing some of these advanced routers, we referenced a few in our business highlights with NetGear, where the addressable device content for us is 15 to 20 units with MIMO technology, multiple in/multiple out data streams. So that is really an important driver for us. We see that really in it's early innings now. We think 2013 is going to be a big move but we're also going to see more devices be attached 2014, 2015. So we think it's sustainable. We're in the right place right now. Our share position is outstanding but there's many, many accounts that haven't yet turned on the 11ac pump here so there's lots more ahead.
Operator: We go to the line of Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just a housekeeping question first. When you look at your antenna tuning and antenna switch products, you guys put that in analog, right? So when people look at analog growing it's probably some of these products going to handset that are growing also, right?
David J. Aldrich: That's correct. I think it may be useful to think of FVS [ph] as front-end solution, which would be power amplifiers, power amplifier duplexers, multimode PAs and the balance of the products that bolt around those on the analog side, being high performance analog.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. Now when you look at the December quarter, when you look at the handset overall versus, let's say, core analog only, obviously, analog markets now seem to be [ph] weaker into December. Have you seen -- when you look at that December, again, are you seeing [ph] weakness on analog offset by a little bit stronger -- the handset side growing better? Is that how you look at it?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, but let me clarify. Yes, the short answer is yes. We're seeing smartphones, very strong. We are seeing tablets, very strong. We are seeing mobile connectivity, Wi-Fi, very strong. 11ac routers initial ramp plus a lot of home connectivity devices, Wi-Fi devices, attach rates into tablets and the like. So we're seeing those markets very, very strong. We are seeing kind of the broad catalog of analog products not being so great, flattish. Infrastructure remains stubbornly flat. I think that finally starts to see some growth, or our customers are finally beginning to show growth in infrastructure and smart energy, would be, I guess, the third that's showing just flatline here in December. And it is important for us to see that infrastructure -- we are seeing signs of growth in infrastructure, that there clearly isn't enough capacity. Our customers in that space have held off as much as they can, but those products are very accretive to our gross margin. So we really want to see 2G decline, smartphones increase and then a return to growth in the core analog business. We expect to see that in '13, but we don't expect to see it in December.
Operator: Then with the line of Quinn Bolton representing and Needham and Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, just wanted to follow up on that question about the China business you'd referenced in your script, multiple baseband references and targeting the emerging markets, 3G handsets. Can you expand a little bit about that position? And a sort of follow on question, I think you said that 2G was still the dominant mix of your China business. Yes, when do you think you'll see that 3G crossing over the 2G? Is that first half of next year? Is that later in 2013?
David J. Aldrich: I think we see it this year, in the first half of 2013. We're finally starting to see a balancing in that portfolio where the decline in 2G is no longer resulting in a net decline in that business. And we when talk about baseband partnership, it's clearly MediaTek, but we're also lined out very nicely with the chipset providers into Huawei and ZTE and the other foreign OEMs. So we look at Qualcomm, MediaTek and others as being our reference design partners.
Liam K. Griffin: And let me add to that. One of the unique benefits that we bring to the China accounts as they ramp up into 3G and LTE is our architectural experience, our systems knowledge, our application support. It's really critical now as these customers and the OEMs move up in complexity. These are not easy products. I think the Skyworks team is doing a great job of really not only providing product but the architectures and the systems know-how to turn these customers on.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Can I, just a quick follow on that. Do you include the Huawei and ZTE sort of branded OEM accounts in China in that bucket that you discussed? Or would you exclude those branded OEMs and really just looking at the white box?
Liam K. Griffin: No, we include them, but one point to make, is that the revenue -- the 2G revenue has largely been smaller OEMs. There's Huawei and ZTE but it hasn't been -- the 3G opportunity is going to be much more Huawei and ZTE than it will be some of the smaller white box players.
David J. Aldrich: I think those folks didn't play very big in 2G. They really kind of cut their teeth in data cards and they were 3G enabled or EDGE enabled. And so we do include them and we have a very high growth expectations for them. We did not have a high growth in the 2G space for those customers. They really were indigenous, smaller companies supported by local reference designs.
Operator: And will go to line of James Faucette representing Pacific Crest.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions for me. Wanted to once again touch on China and the opportunity for dollar content growth there. As you look at that opportunity, how much do you assign to the ability to capture dollar content from others with your newer products and more complete products, versus how much are you looking at as being an actual step up in the overall RF content within those new phones?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, let me take a stab at that first. One, we do expect to have disproportionately more share as this market converts to 3G and to smartphones because it's where technology differentiates, where the challenges are the greatest. So as there are more brands, as there are more needs for filtering and switching and control, we'll gain more traditional front-end content in that segment than in the 2G where we have a strong product portfolio but frankly the margins are dilutive and there's quite a bit of competition. We do not see that in this space. So that's one element of it. The second area is that we will grow dollar content and grow share in that sort of traditional front-end solution within that market. But we will also see a higher attach rate with GPS, with Wi-Fi and more complex power management needs as an example. More complex switching and ASM requirement simply by virtue of the number of bands and what those phones are going to be required to do. So we'll have a lot more HPA content bolted around that front end, in 3G, where we have, frankly, very little in 2G. There wasn't much we could do in 2G beyond the front end.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Cody Acree with Williams Financial.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: If we think about Samsung for a second, I know Samsung usually does kind of an end of year inventory clean up and then there's a myriad of things that you're designed into, do you expect Samsung to grow for you in the December quarter?
Liam K. Griffin: Actually, that's a good -- that's a good question. And right now, our view for Samsung is it's probably flat into the December quarter right now.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: And I guess could you give me a little bit of color on to how -- is it inventory? Is it specific programs? I guess why the flatness, given Samsung's growth?
David J. Aldrich: I think -- I would at it this way, Cody. It's a great question. We see an OEM shipped in the December quarter where you have a couple of products that are selling so well that other customers will tend to see -- other OEM customers will tend to see less strength in the December quarter. So you do see an offset. And we see that with Samsung and others. However, when I get into the March quarter, there are some new products that have been announced to be released and our content there is very high. And we have really high expectations for those products. So we're very excited about Samsung moving into 2013. But I think you have to realistically expect that when you have a big ramp going on in the December quarter that other OEM customers won't do as well.
Operator: And will go to the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Sounds like you're still pretty committed to the 2, 2.5G China open market while 3G grows. So perhaps you can explain if there's scenarios where that gets more benign? I know you got CMOS PAs, there were a lot of startup CMOS PAs in that market, vendors. Or perhaps as a larger vendor, you're better able to fill some [indiscernible] patterns.
David J. Aldrich: I'm sorry, is the question related to supply? Or just how we're playing that market in terms of...
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just how you -- you sound committed to that market still so how are you going to play that market and...
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, the 2G market is in steep decline in China. Our position there has remained 40%-ish, we think. Hard to -- I say we think because it's hard to calculate. There is a big sort of gray market, if you will. It's hard to really quantify but we sell a lot of product. And so, near as we can tell, we're about 40% share, maybe it's slightly, may be a couple points less than that. We're committed to the extent that we have products, we have a very low cost structure. We have a tiered structure of products, everything from low-cost, relatively low performance CMOS designs to low-cost higher performance GaAs-based designs as well as front-end solutions that are very high performance, and the price changes accordingly. So we are committed to it. It is, however, dilutive. It is where ASP decline has been the most intense because it is by far the most commoditized section of our business. So I'm not disappointed to see that it is getting smaller. And while we are committed to it, we're also delighted that there'll be an upgrade cycle because we're going to make a whole lot more money in China in the 2013 and 2014 than we did in '11 and '12.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And for a follow-up, I know it's early to talk about the impact of Hurricane Sandy but any impacts on internal and outsourced manufacturing? I think for RF, people source pHEMT and silicon and insulator wafers from Massachusetts and New York, any impacts on delivery of materials and cost of that delivery?
Donald W. Palette: No. No, not at all.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Yes, this is a quick follow. Dave, it sounds like -- I mean, you've done so well in the handset side of the business, it's your own show, you're kind of preeminent position in both iPhone and in Samsung, you've done well. And then I know that you got a good position in a lot of other OEMs even if they're shipping. Doesn't this speak to 2013 that more of your growth is going to have to come from the linear side of the business? And I don't necessarily mean organically. You have not been afraid of acquisitions in the past. Your cash probably will start to move up again. I know, having talked to everybody in the space, on the CEO [ph] side that everybody would like to do tuck-in acquisitions on the linear side. Can it reasonably expected that we could see Skyworks' mix, whether through growth, organically or acquisitions, to start moving more towards the linear side and mimic something more like an HPA company, TI or something like that?
David J. Aldrich: I think, Ed, we are committed to continuing to diversify, but that, by no means, implies -- I don't think you implied this, that we are backing away or shying away from the mobile sector. In fact, to the contrary, what we really expect -- I expect our mobile business to grow very strong in 2013. And there'll be components of traditional products there, like front-end modules, we had a long discussion about China, we think we'll get more PA and front-end module dollar content. It will be equally as strong as we bolt more technology that we work very hard to address, that becomes this bundling in system level sell is becoming increasingly important because these products are quite problematic for most of our customers. So we can solve those problems for them and get paid for it. So yes, it will be -- it will be RF ES business, it will also be more analog and, as Don mentioned earlier, we're always looking for opportunities to expand into new verticals and add to our technology and our market footprint. We'll do more of that in '13.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: So if we just take, say, the non-wireless business off the table for a minute, just look at the core GaAs, AM [ph], filter, switch-type business, is it fair to assume that more of your growth is going to come -- not come from that? You got great share everywhere but to increase content it almost seems like you'd have to branch off into power control and a number of the things that you got through ATI and like SiGe, for example, SiGe, the entire group is in your HPA side of the business today, correct?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, well, yes. The TAM growth in the front-end will be double digits, we believe in 2013. So the core front-end business driven by the conversion of 2G to smartphone, the increase in content with LTE, the increased switching content, we expect that to go up maybe double the unit volume increase. So if volumes are up 7%, you would expect a 14% to 15%. We probably are adding more TAM, a bigger target to high performance analog products. So over time, I think you will see the business balance more between diversified analog and our traditional FVS [ph].
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Ed, this is Liam. I think if you look at the individual market opportunities between Wi-Fi, I mean, power management, which is a $5 billion market, GPS, ASM and some of the other organic products that we're developing, mixers, VCL synthesizers, INQ mods, that are traditionally non-cellular go into infrastructure. Those markets, in aggregate, present a very significant TAM for the HPA team. And we've gained a lot of share this year but there's a tremendous amount of room for us to grow in 2013 and 2014. We've seen great momentum in a few of these categories but infrastructure and some of these other markets, we're well-positioned. We get a little tailwind there and you're going to see some upside.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone for participating tonight and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti  David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Analog
Analysts: Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Blaine R. Carroll - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions' Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thanks, Kathy. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Third Fiscal Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with the business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. Well, I'm pleased to report that Skyworks posted another strong performance during our third fiscal quarter, in which we again exceeded prior guidance and we outpaced our addressable markets. Our diversification into new adjacent analog products and in complementary vertical markets, along with an intense focus on operational excellence, have enabled us to produce consistently strong operating results through a variety of market conditions. And from where we stand today, we're well positioned to extend our track record of outperformance. Turning to the third quarter results. We posted revenue of $389 million, better than our prior guidance of $383 million. We produced third quarter operating income of $91.8 million, and we earned $0.45 in diluted earnings per share. This is $0.01 better than our original guidance. Globally, consumer appetite for smartphones, for tablets, data cards and an array of other mobile Internet devices remains high, driven by the boom in social networking and driven by an accelerating shift towards cloud-based content, by mobile computing displacing traditional PCs, and the growing popularity of photo-sharing applications like Flickr, Instagram and Picasa, and the explosion in video conferencing and streaming video. These global themes are in the early stages of adoption and should provide a tailwind for our business for years to come. So while the long-term trends for us are clear, there's no denying that more recently, the macroeconomic climate and other factors have skewed normal demand patterns within the industry. Skyworks' ability to maintain consistently strong growth and operating results in spite of this is the result of key 3 factors -- or 3 key factors. First, new vertical market opportunities. The opportunity for Skyworks is quickly expanding. It's well known that broadband connectivity is proliferating across a growing array of previously unconnected consumer electronics. What's more, the need for high-performance analog solutions is expanding into brand-new markets like medical, automotive, military and industrial. Second, the rising RF content per device. This is driven by a dramatic increase in the number of LTE-enabled devices and a major smartphone upgrade cycle just beginning in the emerging markets. Average RF dollar content per device continues to move higher. This creates a rising tide for the foreseeable future and translates into TAM growth rate significantly above unit growth. This is playing out real time today across major development platforms on which we're engaged. And third, expanding our product portfolio between -- beyond traditional served markets. Through a combination of internal developments and targeted acquisitions, we have added an incremental $2 to $3 of addressable content per device to our core RF TAM. Today, we're seeing tremendous traction by cross-selling these new products throughout our existing customer base. It's worth noting that none of these products were in our portfolio just 18 months ago. So in short, we have strategically positioned the company to outperform our addressable market, independent of underlying market conditions, and we remain quite optimistic about the second half of 2012 and beyond. Looking ahead, we see our target markets continuing to expand for many years to come. And for example, industry analysts project that over the next 5 years, mobile broadband users will grow at a 38% compound rate. In fact, tablet shipments alone could reach more than 350 million units within the next 3 years according to recent reports by Morgan Stanley. And wireless connectivity is becoming the critical link to enable access to a growing library of cloud-based content, including music, online media and publications, on-demand video, personal photos, home movies and enterprise data. And the recent introduction of a -- of family data plans from major network operators will allow an increasing number of devices per household to enable shared access to cloud content on an anytime-anywhere basis. However, one of the greatest challenges facing mobile device OEMs within this landscape is managing escalating RF complexity. And this is resulting from the proliferation of air interface technologies, including 2G, 3G and 4G cellular, dual-band wireless local area networking, Bluetooth, GPS and Near Field Communications. The number of cellular bands alone is increasing exponentially. In fact, we see upcoming smartphone platforms that will support more than 14 different bands, each requiring distinct amplification, filtering, switching and shielding. All of this is happening in smaller form factors with increased battery life requirements, while trying to manage bond costs. This increasing complexity plays directly into Skyworks' core strengths and uniquely positions us to address these challenges. Today, we're providing the broadest portfolio of RF and analog solutions right from the transceiver to the antenna. We're offering an unmatched technology portfolio that includes deep expertise in SOI, high power, CMOS, HBT, pHEMT, BiFET and silicon germanium, along with a library of nearly 1,000 patents and supporting intellectual property. We maintain unrivaled scale and world-class facilities for integrating multiple technologies into highly sophisticated multiple chip -- multichip modules. And finally, we're leveraging a deep heritage in system-level design and a global force of system and applications engineers often deployed within steps of our customers' facilities. These competitive advantages took years to put in place and facilitate the highest level of integration and better system performance, ultimately providing more value to our customers. A prime example of how we leverage these core competencies to extend our technology leadership is the recent introduction of our SkyOne platform. SkyOne is a revolutionary patented front-end system that incorporates all of the RF and analog content between the transceiver and the antenna into a single ultracompact device. This is a complete system in a package, incorporating multiband amplifiers, supporting global 2G, 3G and 4G coverage, along with all associated filtering, duplexers, switching and control functionality in less than 1/2 the footprint of even the most advanced approaches in the industry today. The end result is significant board space savings, ease of implementation, high performance and time-to-market advantages for our customers. In these types of applications, we see a much narrower competitive landscape. Looking ahead, we expect to extend our technology lead as we introduce solutions incorporating sophisticated RF signal processing, more complex switching and even higher levels of integration. Okay, so turning now to specific third quarter product highlights. Across our mobile customer base, we've seen tremendous traction in cross-selling our portfolio of new analog product lines, alongside our traditional RF front-end components. In some recently launched models, Skyworks has secured a total of 7 or more devices, including multimode power amplifier, Antenna Switch Modules, camera flash, DC-DC converters, high-efficiency LTE amplifiers, backlighting ICs, GPS low-noise amplifiers and wireless LAN front-end modules. This level of content was unheard of for us just a couple of years ago. Outside of mobile devices, we are also captured new design wins across a number of diverse applications within our high performance analog products group. These include wireless LAN sockets on a recently introduced ultrathin high-end notebook PC, which includes a total of 9 Skyworks parts. This includes a receiver protection module within a heart monitor application with Medtronic, a high sensitivity mixers for an automotive toll tag application and major set-top box win containing multiple Skyworks components, including the switch matrix and low-noise amplifier modules. And finally, the first 802.11ac router products are now commercially available, containing up to 6 Skyworks devices per router. In total, we've already secured over 20 design wins across a variety of 802.11ac-enabled devices, including routers, set-top boxes, notebook PCs and USB dongles. So in closing, our third quarter marked another strong performance for Skyworks. We believe that our strategy of continuing to diversify our business, expanding into new verticals and maintaining a laser focus on operational execution is clearly working. With that, I'll now turn it over to Don for his financial review.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone, today. We appreciate that. Well first I'll provide a summary of our third quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2012. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter was $389 million, which was up 7% sequentially and more than 9% year-over-year. Gross profit was $168.1 million or 43.2% of revenue. Operating expenses were $76.3 million, consisting of R&D expense of $48.6 million and SG&A expense of $27.7 million, yielding $91.7 million of operating income and a 23.6% operating margin. Cash taxes were $5.7 million, and that translates into a 6.2% tax rate. Net income was $86.1 million or $0.45 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our third quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $44 million in cash flow from operations, and that brings us year-to-date to a total of $244 million. We exited the quarter with $327.9 million in cash, and we invested $31 million in capital expenditures during the third quarter, with depreciation of $17 million. The elevated levels of capital expenditures are a result of our continuing capacity expansion across all of our facilities to support second half product ramps. And as a reminder, these investments consist of equipment adds when our existing facilities gave a very quick payback and they enhanced our return on invested capital. Now for our fourth quarter 2012 business outlook. We are guiding the fourth quarter revenue to be $415 million to $420 million. At this revenue level, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 43% to 43.5%. Looking ahead, we see gross margins continuing to improve as we realize synergies associated with our recent acquisitions and as we capture the margin benefits of some of our recent capital investments. We expect the fourth quarter operating expense to be approximately $77 million. And below the line, we expect $100,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate around 6.5%. And as a result, we expect EPS of $0.50 to $0.51 using a base of 193.5 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, go ahead and open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: First is a clarification. Looking at the quarter's performance, you were $6 million above your guidance. Don, can you tell us how that broke out between either strength on the cellular part of the business or linear products business or was it strength in both that did the results?
Donald W. Palette: It was really strength in both. We didn't see a significant shift in the percentage revenue slip between the 2, so that increase was really split fairly evenly as we normally would see between those 2 segments.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so you're still at 65-35 per year?
Donald W. Palette: Correct.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the question I think on the last call, one of the things you indicated is you expected an above seasonal revenue profile in the back half of the year. Is that still the expectation? And can you just remind us what calendar fourth quarter seasonality would be for you?
David J. Aldrich: Craig, this is Dave. Well, we think there'll be traditional seasonal strength. However, in our space, we're starting to see more and more rather than a simple Q4 growth strength, that being split between the September and the December quarters as we shift into those builds. It's a bit too early to tell what March seasonality might look like a normal seasonality. We have no reason to believe it will be terribly different, but we're feeling good about, again, about those second half ramps.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, you mentioned the word diversification many times. I was wondering if you could talk about diversification on 2 sides. Side one, how are you diversifying in your customer base outside of the Apples and Samsungs of the world? And then secondly, diversification in terms of sockets. Is there a way to get -- to size what your addressable content was last year versus what it is now?
David J. Aldrich: Okay, good questions, Vivek. First, with respect to sockets, one of the things, you probably seen some reason Teardown report, so I think that's probably the best testament to what we've been able to accomplish. We -- you may think of us as a traditional kind of a PA supplier -- PA switch supplier, but in the more recent designs, we've been getting increasingly attach rate -- high attach rates with our GPS LNA products, with our Antenna Switch Modules, with some power management devices, camera flash devices and our wireless LAN portfolio. And so we're seeing as much as more than $2 of incremental content per smartphone and tablet, and we're pretty excited about that. So we are leveraging not only recent acquisitions, but some organic development to continue to look to bolt on to what's been our traditional product offering more and more content. It helps our customers in the process, terrific for us. We're also diversifying into new adjacent markets, and I think we've talked about that fairly extensively. But medical, for example, we talked about medical devices being designed in on the call. We're in infrastructure. We're in various home automation markets that are extremely exciting and growing. And I think from a customer standpoint, there isn't a customer in the cellular smartphone space that isn't a customer of Skyworks. So we're designed into every baseband suppliers, to offering as a reference design partner, and we're also designed into virtually every OEM.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And one follow up on operating expenses and operating margins. What is the progress in integrating your acquisitions? When can we expect to see operating margins get back to your traditional levels of 26%, 27%?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, this is Liam. Well with respect to the acquisitions, we are making great progress through the integration synergies, improvements in margin and also customer traction. So we're doing the right things there as outlined in the past, and I think we'll see continued performance going forward.
Donald W. Palette: And, Vivek, to follow-up on how that affects the overall Skyworks model, the new product lines are on track. They're still scaling up though, so it has had a little bit of a muting impact on the operating model and the returns. But as you could see, our margins in Q3 was 23.6%. The guidance implies 25%, so we're still very focused on the 30% target. And as we continue to gain share and grow the top line, we're going to be on our way towards that number again. So some of it is the impact of getting the acquisitions up to scale, and that's the top line growth.
Operator: . We will go next to Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give a -- could you give us an idea of how far we are, in your opinion, into the LTE upgrade cycle right now? And if you could maybe give us an idea of how you feel positioned in LTE for the second half and maybe what percentage of it is contributing to the mix.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Alex. This is Liam. Well, I think overall in the industry, we're very early innings with respect to LTE. We have a very powerful LTE platform in a number of different devices including multimode devices that address the LTE standard. We do see, however, the design win traction going forward and our ability to gain share in LTE to be very bullish. And if you look at the platforms that we've addressed over the last 6 months and platforms that we're going to be addressing now, we're very confident that LTE is going to play a major role in 2013 for us.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: As a follow-up, I was wondering and you might not have all the details because their call is going on concurrently, but Qualcomm guided units down fairly significantly sequentially for the September quarter. How was your exposure there? And how does that fit in with your guidance for the September -- September quarter?
David J. Aldrich: Sure, Alex. Well, our attach rate with Qualcomm is quite high, and so we see the same or similar dynamics obviously that they would in those segments of the market. If you look at our guidance, what's really driving it are very specific programs that are ramping into production, as well as some of these devices that are continuing to ramp. They're relatively early in that ramp. So there really may -- there are some very specific Skyworks reasons why we may be bucking some of the normal market trends as we go into the second half.
Operator: . We'll go next to Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Steven Chin calling on behalf of Parag. Just a throw down on that previous question regarding some of the exposure that you have in platforms where Qualcomm is as well. Can you discuss in terms of your component content introduced that you may be seeing, any kind of rough numbers you can speak to in terms of rough percentage of the bandwidth you have out there where you're seeing content grow? Or is it a mix shift to higher LTE content perhaps that's helping you to see your revenues grow in the -- grow sequentially as opposed to some of the unit-related headwinds that Qualcomm may be seeing?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think it's difficult to be -- it's hard for me right now to be terribly precise. I will say that the -- if you look at those Teardown reports, we are seeing, for example, the Samsung Galaxy Teardown reports that recently came out. I don't have the [indiscernible] 6 parts of Skyworks, 7 parts. So it had a pretty broad suite of Skyworks products. So what was -- the dynamic, it kind of goes like this. Smartphones continue to displace 2G devices. So we see that little bit of a wind at our back as we always get more dollar content for the traditional products in smartphones and tablets than we did in 2G. Our attach rate continues to improve starting with our top customers where we start to put more of those new products bolted around the existing products. That's growing. And then we have been gaining quite a bit of leverage and traction from things like home automation, where we're putting our Wi-Fi devices in gaming consoles, or we're putting them in various applications and appliances around the home. So that's an example where those markets really were nascent a couple of years ago. They continue to grow, and I think they're really beginning to explode in the early innings, frankly.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And if you look at the smartphone, as Dave articulated, you've got the core RF TAM increasing by virtue of multiple bands. But now that'd there be more explicit. We have wireless LAN devices both 2-, 4- and 5-gig. We have powered management, backlighting, DC-DC converters. We have Antenna Switch Modules. We have GPS. The last set of products I mentioned were really not in play for us over the last 2 years. They're new products. Some of those were organic, some came by virtue of deals, but they're absolute drivers now going forward.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And just a -- follow-up question is on some of the new products that you highlighted in the prepared remarks, products such as the Antenna Switch Modules, the GPS LNA and also the SkyOne products. Can you give us a little color on the sort of design time for those new products? Like is it comparable to your existing RF components? Or is it a longer or shorter lead time? And what's the sort of revenue ramp that you'd expect from the different product lines later this year or going to 2013?
Donald W. Palette: The SkyOne product is new. It's been in development for a couple of years, but the product has sampled, the feedback has been good and we expect lead customer production sometime later in this year. So there's no revenue contribution right now from the SkyOne products, but I will tell you there's a lot of development activity, and this truly is an unprecedented level of integration. And I don't know if you really listened to the comments when we described it or looked at the press release. It has all the analog and RF functionality between the chipset, the radio, the RF, the antenna and back, filters, amplifier, switches, all of the shielding. So I this is a product that for those customers who really want to have a world phone but looking for ease-of-integration, size, it has great current consumption, we think that's going to be a real winner for us, but it's brand new.
David J. Aldrich: Right. With respect to GPS and the ASM product, I mean, GPS location-based systems and services, you see now in every smartphone, every tablet, even in netbooks and notebooks. So we developed a cutting-edge product internally organically that we believe meets all the needs of leading tier ones. We're fortunate to have a suite of new design wins, and that's looking very good. And again, it's new business for us. The Antenna Switch Module really is built off of our core strength and RF switch. We have great in-house technology in pHEMT. We have SOI capability and then also some filtering capabilities in packages to bring that to bear to the market. So both of those of those products are a combination of organic work and then understanding what our customers need.
Operator: We have a question from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Dave, can you talk about your underlying assumption for market growth in September? It looks like -- I mean, 7% sequential growth into September is well below your historical averages. So I'm just trying to understand how bad of a scenario are you modeling from a market standpoint.
David J. Aldrich: Well, there are a couple of things that I think is going on right now. We do see seasonal strength. We do see customers gearing up for that year-end push with products and, again, in the August, September, October timeframe. I do believe that there's been a bit of a mix shift away from the smartphone sales because there are different phone launches that kind of impact that and create some choppiness to the markets. So I would say in general, the September quarter is been a bit muted. We expect December to be strong. But I would say that, that's probably the biggest impact is simply some -- looking at the big -- looking at program launches and how that kind of changes that dynamic a bit, and it makes it hard to handicap normal seasonality.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Dave -- Don, I'm sorry, maybe can you talk about the customer concentration? I know you don't give the exact specific percentages of your largest 10% customers, but can you tell us in aggregate your top 3 customers account for what percent of your revenue this quarter and what was it last?
Donald W. Palette: Ittai, I will give you the top 10% customers this quarter. It was Foxconn and Samsung. Nokia dropped out of the top 10%, but they're still high-single digits, but we don't disclose anything besides that on a quarterly basis, so we don't aggregate that, give you a specific number.
Operator: We will go next to Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity.
Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: This is actually Matt Ramsay on for Mike. A couple of questions for me. I guess the first one is have you disclosed, or will you, the 2G to 3G to 4G mix of your wireless business in the quarter?
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Matt. It was roughly the same as it was last quarter, 20% 2G and 80% EDGE and WCDMA.
Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And I guess as a follow-up, no one really brought it up yet, Don, but I wanted to dig into this $5 million -- $5.4 million credit that you guys got on the pro forma SG&A line around contingent liabilities for acquisitions. Maybe you could dig into a little bit more what that was around. And I guess maybe discuss what your pro forma numbers and results would've looked like absent that and discuss where it would have been relative to your guidance.
Donald W. Palette: As far as the $5 million, that $5 million relates to some M&A activity where we consummated some deals with earn-out potential for the people who own the company that we purchased. And that's just shoring up what that liability is going to be for us based on a 12-month period after the acquisition. So that's all it is. And as far as what the numbers would be, you just basically back that out of the numbers. I mean, it's a one-time adjustment. It's related to -- it was an earn-out related M&A activity. That's all it is. And just so you understand, you have to make an estimate upfront, and then you just shore it up at the end of the period. That's all.
Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, great. I think I understand the mechanics of it. But I mean, does it then imply that the numbers would've been a bit lighter on the earnings line than where maybe your guidance was before?
Donald W. Palette: No, absolutely not.
Operator: And we'll go next to Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just maybe a little clarity on the guidance. If you could talk -- clearly doing better than the market. Talk about what the drivers there are. And then I think, Don, you mentioned that the linear and the RF business was roughly the same contributor in Q2. Do you expect that to continue into September?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, Blayne, I would say that the primary driver, our specific programs where we're beginning to ramp production and shipment of those sockets that are second half drivers for us. So that's it. Plus some of the organic and acquired product lines where the attach rate to our traditional OEM customers is getting higher. So as we're launching programs, we're launching them with more dollar content, not just LTE and traditional expansion of PA bands, but also the analog functionality that bolts around it in the system. So I would say that's probably the second largest driver. And I don't expect -- Don, maybe you could comment on this, but I don't expect the September to see any meaningful split -- difference in the split between our high-performance analog business and our mobile business.
Donald W. Palette: No, that's exactly where the forecast was. We don't expect any major change in that percentage.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then maybe just talk about the consolidations of some of these RF blocks. You highlighted SkyOne. You're also shipping a lot more multiband chips. You highlighted the GALAXY S III. Maybe address kind of where you see particularly the SkyOne fitting in the market. I mean, you say it will address all the bands. Is this kind of low end or across all spectrums of phones? And then would tier ones be using this? Or -- and then maybe just talk about how that places you versus the competitors? I mean, clearly, you're the only guys who introduced something now, but how do you see the competitive field?
David J. Aldrich: It's a big question. I would say that whether or not this hits the high end of the market really depends because when you -- the level of integration, to be clear, is we're taking all the bands -- all the popular bands -- of transmitting amplification, we're integrating the amplifiers with the switches using various process techniques. We're adding the duplexers as well as other filters. So it's fully shielded, so it truly is the, by far, by far the most highly integrated device in the world today. Now whether or not -- now inherent in that level of integration is a certain degree of inflexibility. The device is very small, but it is highly integrated. We've developed it as a platform strategy to allow us to reconfigure bands over time and to be able to address OEM customers as they look to either be perhaps more regionally based or add bands that others don't want to add. So we've anticipated that. That will determine in large part whether or not it's broadly applicable among the tier ones. There are different approaches with each different baseband partner, different approaches with the OEM, which will determine how broadly applicable it is. But there is a segment of the market, low end for sure, but I think maybe even some high-end sockets, where this is going to be an opportunity for a customer to get in the market quickly with a product that's fully shielded, where they can drop it in and run. With respect to the competitive landscape, the problem for many of our competitors is that either they lack the system expertise because there's a lot of system integration thought that goes into how you architect a device like this. So it's difficult for component players. It's also difficult, if not impossible, if you're, for example, a filter company or a switch company or a PA company to be able to deal with this level of integration. So we think that, that kind of rules out some of the point product folks. And finally, the level of manufacturing and packaging integration is really unprecedented for this device. Remember, we are vertically integrated in packaging. That helps us both in the design time-to-market and the cost side. So the ability for us to make high margins on this product is really, we think, somewhat unique to Skyworks. You wouldn't want to source all these components and try to compete with us. So we think the competitive landscape is quite narrow.
Operator: We now have a question from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: A couple of questions. You are a little bit weaker seasonally than we would've expected, which suggests maybe some more upside or shift towards the December period. Dave, how do you see that content would again be -- 35% linear? Or do you expect given some of your new acquisitions and maybe some new slots and the tablets or smartphones to favor more of the linear product once the ramps start picking up?
David J. Aldrich: I think December -- my expectation is the December quarter will be a strong quarter for smartphones, a seasonally strong quarter for smartphones. And within those -- within smartphones, we expect to not only see our traditional PA products, but some, as you mentioned, some of these other products. So there will be a lift to both our traditional PA business, as well as to some of these high performance analog products that are bolted around those PAs. So I still see that split being reasonably constant. Now it's quite -- it is possible you might see a slight shift towards the mobile devices just given there's more seasonality there, but I don't think it will move the dial much beyond that ratio.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: I mean, if we look at both sides in your ATI and we -- as separate for mobile products, and if we believe -- I mean you purchased them for a reason, and part of that would be the traction you can bring to bear with those companies into the smartphone world, one would almost expect to see kind of a shift, I won't say away, but a higher mix of those products than you've seen in the past, given you've acquired these guys since the first holiday season and you're truly running with them full bore. That doesn't sound like that's going to be the case though?
David J. Aldrich: Well, you will see a higher -- certainly higher revenue for those products. I don't know that it's necessary a higher mix, see higher revenue in the traditional products. Don mentioned that we're 65-35. Not that long ago, we were 75-25 and prior...
Liam K. Griffin: And 80-20.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, not that long ago.
David J. Aldrich: So I think that's a relatively new phenomena that we're...
Donald W. Palette: So you're seeing some of that percentages already. I mean, that's the way to think about it.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. Exactly. And the other thing in here is that we are really expanding the design win footprint with those products. So I think you should expect as we go through 2013 to see more evidence of success with both the WLAN portfolio and power management. One of the things we do is certainly cross-sell inside of smartphones, but there's a lot of new markets that were entering by virtue of those products. We're getting into cloud-based sharing, we're getting into infrastructure spaces where we can put in DC-DC converters, and there's going to be collaborative plays where we use power management within our front-end modules to try to create differentiated architectures. So as we move forward, I think we'll continue to hear growth in both sides, but hopefully in some different applications.
Operator: Your next question is from Anthony Stoss with Craig Hallum.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Dave, can you -- are you comfortable with your production capabilities or capacity, both internally and externally later on this year and entering 2013? And also let me hear your thoughts on AC, when do you think it's really going to have a role to play in the handset marketplace.
David J. Aldrich: Well, I am comfortable with the capacity. And if you look at this quarter as an example, we spent, I think, just over $30 million against depreciation of $17 million, and that's all addressing any bottleneck that we may see for the second half ramp. So I do feel good about that. We made investments over the last 3 years, 2.5 years for sure, and the big-ticket items like bringing up more HBT capacity, going from 4 to 6 inches and so on. So there are no bricks and mortar requirements. So I feel quite good about not only our internal capacity, but what we've been able to do with our supplier partners to keep that hybrid model so we're able to offload some of that capacity to take some of the volatility out of the seasonality of the volatility. So I feel good about the supply side.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And with respect to 11ac, I mean, we are right now building product, supporting routers and supporting kind of the first leg in the infrastructure for 802.11ac. Following that today, the handset applications, the smartphones that we're looking at, right now a high percentage of those are looking at 11ac attached. So starts with the routers, we're well positioned there. We have a great deal of content. As you know, it's multiple in, multiple out. You can have up to 8 streams in our router. We typically see 4 to 5, tremendous content. And then following that, we are starting to see leading OEMs now embed 11ac into their handsets.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I can sneak in one more quick question. Is there a -- can you just comment on the pricing environment if there's any considerable changes from last quarter?
Donald W. Palette: Anthony, this is Don. Nothing from last quarter. I mean, just a reminder, we're-- overall, our current erosion's within historical range. The only place that you might see -- we're seeing some slight change, that's the open 2G segment that's maybe increased slightly from what we'd experienced in prior years. But that's continues to be the only segment where pricing you have a chance to win business on price only. And the majority of our customers are making those decisions based on performance. And with us having the lowest cost structure in the industry, that allows us to continue to deliver strong margins. So we're really not seeing anything different than that, and we've articulated that the past several quarters.
Operator: We'll go next to Suji De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: So visibility, what kind of turns do you need for the quarter?
David J. Aldrich: I'm sorry, Suji, could you...
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: How well booked are you to the guidance for the September quarter?
David J. Aldrich: Typical for us. We've got between hub pulls and actual POs in hand, we're pretty much 100% booked, which is not unusual for us.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then for the China low-end smartphone market, I'm imagining that's a more competitive market from a price perspective. How do you expect to compete there? And do you consider that a significant opportunity for yourself?
David J. Aldrich: We do consider it a significant opportunity because we think that there is a great deal of pent-up demand. We think it's not only for the traditional chipset-enabled smaller local players, the indigenous OEMs. We also think that's an opportunity for the major international brands to really address that market using brand recognition and great products. So we think it's going to be a terrific market for us. There will be price pressure on those devices for sure, but we really compare it to what it's really -- what that customer will be upgrading from, which is a 2G device with less -- much less than $1.00 content. So it won't be the -- perhaps some of them won't be high-end world phones, but they will certainly have a great deal more content than a 2G product sold into that market. So we're -- and we're positioned with it with a number of products. We've got multi-converged devices or multimode devices that are low cost that will be tailored for that market. We have hybrid and high-performance devices as well. We've got a whole bunch of content that we're bolting around it in a way that we hope will facilitate ease of entry to market for some of these customers as well as increasing our dollar content. So I'm excited about the market, aware of the price pressures, but I think we're prepared to have a real strong play there.
Operator: We have a question from Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Liam, just if I could, and I know Dave kind of addressed this a little bit, but I'm just -- I just want to make clear, you guys are winning PA market share now because of the additional solutions that you offer? Or is it the other way around that your PAs are simply better and you're just kind of bringing along all these other things like LNA drivers and LNA switches and other things like that at this point?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, I mean, I would say that the relationships that we've built over the duration of Skyworks since we started our company, the deep relationships with OEMs and also chipset providers, has put us in great position to win with power amplifiers and we've been doing that for a while. And then one inside the account collaboratively sell power management, WLAN, GPS, whatever is needed. So I think the leadership that we provided over the years in our power amplifier suite has really kind of paved the way for success in these other products. And we're doing a great job of satisfying customer needs and leveraging technologies in-house and through acquisition.
David J. Aldrich: The products have to be competitive. But it's clear that the credibility -- for example, when we acquired a couple of businesses, I think their biggest stumbling block was just having the credibility to sell into these huge companies and satisfy these big ramps. And our balance sheet is quite strong, our customers increasingly look for a profitable supplier partner with a good balance sheet, who can weather the storm. So we think that the viability that we have is critically important. So it's easy for us to get a product evaluated, but it has to be competitive.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Then can you guys give us an update on where you are now with the BAW filters?
David J. Aldrich: Sorry, where we are with BAW -- we don't make BAW filters. We source them, and we are in high-volume production in multiple sockets with PA, SAW and BAW devices, mostly SAW, frankly, because that's where the market demand is the highest and where the price is the lowest, or the price is most competitive, I should say. But we are in production with PA duplexers and multiple sockets in high-volume production, have been for sometime, and we're winning some sockets there as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dale Pfau with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Let's talk just a little bit more about the emerging markets and the trend from 2G to 3G. Could you talk about how that's affecting your share out there, what you're seeing the trends are? And then the other question I've got is what do you think your total attach rate and percentage of business is from laptop, I mean, tablets and notebooks are right now?
David J. Aldrich: We think the 2G market continues to not only decline in dollars but decline in units. So the market is becoming -- the 2G market is becoming a smaller percentage. And in fact, our 2G into the local China market, if you will or the open market, is probably in the order of magnitude of mid-single-digit percentage of revenue, so it's pretty small, Dale. Now we do sell more 2G products in that because we have big business with other customers who sell into that market or sell elsewhere. But -- so we're pretty convinced that the 2G market is going to remain in fairly steady decline. It won't go away, but in fairly steady decline.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And with respect to tablets, Dale, I think we -- we're in very good position there. We have market share in tablets that's at least as good as what we have in smartphones on the RF amplifier side. But tablets is a great opportunity to leverage the highest performance wireless LAN mobile connectivity product. We're doing very well there. We're also bringing in switch and some of the other technologies that we mentioned. So we're very upbeat about the general market outlook for tablets. We think they're going to be rapidly adopted. We have high expectations going forward, and we expect to be a share leader.
Operator: And next, we have Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit about -- I guess all that's left is the 2G feature phone market in China. That used to be a pretty big opportunity for you guys. It seems like you're still there, you're still active there. Is that true? Is that -- or should we just stop worrying about that market entirely?
David J. Aldrich: We're very active there. We've got a reasonably high market share, and it's been a good market for us, right. It's been kind of a workhorse market. It's been around for a long time. It is declining. It is -- if you think about that, the way we look at that market is a couple of different ways. We do have -- believe we have the lowest cost structure. We address it with a combination of pure CMOS devices as well as very low-cost gallium arsenide devices, and we're sold with partners like MediaTek, for example. The issue with the market is it is declining. The consumers in those markets want smartphones or they want high-end feature phones, and that's just where it's headed. And we like that transition because, frankly, there are more margin dollars there, there are more dollars per phone, so we think that's going to be a growth driver. But we don't shy away from the 2G market. We expect there to be the most price pressure there because frankly, for companies who -- competitors who have been unable to kind of make the leap to multimode designs and now even more integrated devices we're talking about today, that's sort of one of the last frontiers to go at it, and you go at it with price as the primary weapon. So we do see ASP pressure there. But we make money there, and we're going to continue to ride it.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, and alongside that, as we start to see the 2G market in China trade down, and as you know, that was a market that was less than $1.00 per SKU for us in terms of content, you're seeing local players like ZTE and Huawei really deliver low-end smartphones, in some cases high-end smartphones. We're seeing data cards where you have a couple of bands of WCDMA with GSM. So there's an active market there. And as Dave indicated, there's an appetite for global brands. And I think we're well positioned with some of the premier smartphones globally, and those products will eventually be big drivers in China.
Operator: Your next question is from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I wanted to follow-up on the SkyOne product. You talked about sort of data more mainstream smartphone product. But wondering if you could talk from the baseband supplier perspective. Was this developed in conjunction with, a, your multiple baseband partners? Or do you anticipate this as really more a sale to sort of leading tier one or high-volume OEMs? And then I've got a quick follow-up on LTE.
David J. Aldrich: Well, Quinn, I would say it was really to address a worldwide OEM market demand for ease of integration as the complexity increases. It really is a challenge with all those filters and all those PAs and switches and shielding it and coexistence or interference between, for example, Wi-Fi and 2-plus gigahertz cellular bands, so it's a real problem. And the more bands you layer in, the size constraint becomes an issue as well as just shielding it and handling all that RF complexity. So we really addressed it to try to figure out a way to make life easier for our customers. It won't be for all, and it wasn't geared towards any specific baseband. It was really more of a world product. It can be baseband independent. The interface was designed that way, so we weren't approaching it with any one specific platform in mind, although we have leading customers who have been sampled and who will be first to production with it.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just quickly on LTE. You talked about LTE becoming obviously important in 2013. I think there's something like 10 to 14 different bands being used for LTE around the world. Any sort of sense you can give us as to how many bands on average you think you'll see in phones in 2013? I mean, it gets hard to imagine you're going to see full 10- to 14-band LTE phones plus 2G and 3G backward compatibility. So just trying to wonder, do you think it's on average 3 to 4, 4 to 6? Any thoughts you have on kind of the 2013 LTE devices?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think it depends on the architecture. Some of the higher-end smartphones really will have, I mean, 8 devices or more. There are multiple bands of LTE. There's multiple bands of WCDMA. And then you have backward compatibility. So we have seen a trend at least today to drive as many bands the carriers will support, and we see those smartphones being designed today going into production next year.
Donald W. Palette: And we're using 2 approaches. One is were looking to continue to integrate at the die level these multimode designs and sweep in more bands and where performance demands it, we're having other -- using other manufacturing and packaging techniques to make it small and relatively low-cost. So that's where the kind of the system expertise of being able to play the ability to integrate upward within IC as well as in the package as well as in the MCM is an advantage for us. And that's where the customers are struggling as they -- LTE was in many ways the straw that broke the camel's back. Layering in those bands sort of made it impossible to go through a traditional discrete model.
Operator: We now have a question from Blaine Carroll with Avian Securities.
Blaine R. Carroll - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess a couple of questions if I can. First of all, Dave, you talked about the 2G dollar being down, units being down. Don, did you give out the split of what the 2G versus 3G revenue was during the quarter?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, I did. It was roughly the same as last quarter. It was 20% 2G and 80% EDGE and WCDMA.
David J. Aldrich: But even within that -- even within that 2G, most of that is foreign brands sold into the China -- the open market 2G is somewhere below 10%.
Donald W. Palette: Yes.
Blaine R. Carroll - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Liam, when you think of those, the LTE bands are the popular right now, I'm assuming that it's 13, 17, maybe some activity up around 26 and 4, are there any other bands that we -- that are sort of bubbling up as far as LTE and LTE capabilities?
Liam K. Griffin: Well, there are a few that will go out further into 2014. But I think if you look at those 4 and then you go and look at typical WCDMA Band I, Band II, Band V, Band VIII. Okay, now you've got 8 bands and you add your GSM or your EDGE. So there you go. That's how you get your 8 or 9, and that is the type of architecture that we're seeing today. We're seeing that type of layout.
Operator: We have a question now from Tom Sepenzis with Northland Securities.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: I'm just wondering if you could give us any kind of insight into the geographical strength or weaknesses that you're seeing.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I mean, it's actually tough because we don't really look at the business that way. I mean we have our key customers, and we do see regionally within the HPA space pretty good traction in the Americas and also in APAC. The smartphones players are real global brands, and we look at our sales directly to those accounts and we really have to kind of follow the money where they sell.
Thomas A. Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. And in terms of the new markets like medical that you're targeting, are any of these -- I take it none of these are 10% of the business at this point, but are you targeting any of them to be in the next say 12 to 24 months?
David J. Aldrich: Tom, right now, no. The answer is that they're not 10%, but we have our eye on growing a lot of the key vertical markets that we're just seeing some traction in because they're accretive to the margin, the overall return of the business. So our goal will be to continue to grow those to a more meaningful revenue number for the company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing remark.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone for participating. And we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Ferranti -  David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Analog
Analysts: Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anne Edelstein Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jaeson Schmidt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Ferranti, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Jamie. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Second Fiscal Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with the business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions.  Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings.  I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP.  With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report another strong performance for our second fiscal quarter 2012, in which we exceeded prior guidance, and we outpaced seasonal trends. Our second quarter results demonstrate how our diversification strategy, our flexible business model and ongoing focus on operational execution contributed to healthy financial returns in the seasonal trough, but more importantly, positioned us to outperform through the remainder of the year.  Specifically during the second quarter, we posted revenue of $365 million. That's ahead of our guidance of $360 million and is up 12% year-over-year. We maintained best-in-class margins, producing second quarter operating income of $84 million. We earned $0.42 in diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.02 better than our guidance. And we generated cash flow from operations of $117 million.  And looking back at the first half of our fiscal year, despite a product transition at one of our key customers and despite March quarter seasonality, we maintained strong profitability, producing a cumulative $189 million in operating income, we earned a combined $0.92 in diluted earnings per share, and we produced $194 million in cash flow from operations. These accomplishments demonstrate Skyworks' differentiation and highlight the sustainability of our business model. And we see our momentum strengthening in the current June quarter and accelerating in the September quarter based on strong first half design win activity and a robust opportunity pipeline.  At a higher level, the global megatrends of mobile computing and ubiquitous connectivity will provide powerful growth engines for Skyworks in the coming years and are fundamentally reshaping the world around us. As an example, wireless is becoming the next strategic pipe for content delivery. Upcoming smartphone and tablet platforms feature multi-core processing, high-definition displays and lightning-fast data speeds, making them the ideal third screen for consumers and blurring the traditional boundaries between televisions, PCs and mobile devices.  Cloud-based services are expanding at an incredible pace. Content providers like Google, like Microsoft, HBO, Amazon and many others are building out massive libraries of cloud-based on-demand content. And the result is an exploding demand to be connected to the cloud.  And also, mobile is displacing landline broadband. Today, the capabilities of LTE can exceed equivalent wireless services like DSL to a point where mobile broadband is becoming a viable alternative to wireline. This is especially the case within the emerging markets where virtually all of the growth in new broadband subscriptions is from mobile devices. These megatrends are in the early stages, and they'll play out in the span of the next decade. But there is some very tangible offshoots that were strengthen -- that we see strengthening our business today.  During 2012, LTE devices will hit critical mass. A recent forecast by Strategy Analytics suggests that LTE shipments could grow by nearly ten-fold in 2012. As demand for global roaming expands, smartphones and tablets that incorporate only 1 or 2 regional LTE bands will begin to adopt additional LTE frequency, along with full backward compatibility to 3G and to 2G. Also during 2012, smartphone adoption will skyrocket in developing countries. According to recent market research, smartphone growth in China and India could nearly double this year and approach 200 million units. The embedded base of 2G subscribers is tremendous, creating a massive upgrade cycle that will play out over the next few years.  And finally, wireless connectivity will expand into even more consumer devices. By 2016, analysts forecast that there will be over 10 billion connected devices. Wireless attach rates are exploding in traditionally unconnected devices like gaming platforms, like televisions, appliances, set-top boxes and many others.  So as an enabler of wireless connectivity in all its forms, Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize on these trends. We see all of these driving substantial growth in our TAM, driven primarily by 3 factors. First, the average dollar content will continue to rise within our RF front-end market. As smartphones replace feature phones, our core TAM will grow at around a 15% compounded rate, as band count and complexity rise with the adoption of new LTE bands. Second, on top of all this, we are capturing incremental -- the incremental new dollar content within mobile devices with our growing portfolio of antenna switch modules or ASMs, wireless networking front-end solutions, a GPS low-noise amplifiers, and now power management and display and backlighting solutions. And I think it's worth noting that none of these products were in our portfolio just 18 months ago. In fact, today, we find ourselves pursuing as many as 7 or more addressable sockets per device as compared to 1 or 2 PA sockets just a couple of years ago. And finally, we're leveraging the core competencies from our mobile segment to expand into entirely new high-margin vertical markets. For example, within our high performance analog products, we're seeing a tremendous amount of activity in wireless networking and wireless networking solutions. Wireless connectivity is becoming a critical link to access content in the cloud or to stream video and other rich media content. And next-generation technologies, like 802.11ac, utilize multiple transmit and receive chains, dramatically ratcheting up RF complexity. Much like the cellular market, performance requirements are becoming more critical, complexity is going up and overall RF dollar content is rising.  And Skyworks has established a strong early-mover leadership position, and we've already secured over 20 design wins across a variety of 802.11ac-enabled devices including routers, set-top boxes, netbook PCs, USB dongles and others. And we expect to begin high-volume product shipments later this year in support of late 2012 product launches.  Okay, now, turning to our second quarter in our mobile internet business, we secured new design wins on Samsung's Galaxy S3 platform with an entire suite of Skyworks products. This include multi-mode transmit modules that include high-efficiency LTE amplifiers, wireless LAN front-end, GPS LNAs, antenna switch modules and power management products. In addition, during quarter, we captured new socket wins on a host of new smartphone and tablet platforms from Huawei including the LTE-enabled MediaPad and Ascend smartphone lineup. We ramped our integrated multi-mode engine on the HTC 1 smartphone platform.  And finally, we entered into high-volume production with our SkyHi family of ultrahigh-efficiency amplifiers in support of several major platform launches for 2012. These are the highest efficiency amplifiers in the market today, and we're seeing tremendous design and activity across our customer base.  Now within our high-performance analog business, we captured new design wins in the quarter across a number of very diverse applications. These include connectivity sockets in Sony's high-end gaming platform, custom switch modules in a military avionics applications for ITT systems, a 16-channel backlighting controller for high-definition LED televisions from LG and others, a next-generation leadless implantable defibrillators with our portfolio of optocouplers, and remote gas meter reading solutions with Aclara. Increasingly across all of our markets, we see a narrower pool of competitors with the engineering capabilities and the full technology portfolio of Skyworks. Looking ahead, we see this trend accelerating. With the advent of more sophisticated RF signal processing and more complex modulation requirements to support higher and higher data rates.  So in closing, our second quarter marked another strong performance for Skyworks. We believe that our strategy of continuing to diversify our business, expanding into new vertical markets, while maintaining a laser focus on operational execution, is clearly working.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Don for his financial review.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone, today. I'll first provide a summary of our second quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2012.  Revenue for the second fiscal quarter was $364.7 million. That's up 12% year-over-year. Gross profit was $157.5 million or 43.2% of revenue. Operating expenses were $73.7 million, consisting of R&D expense of $45.4 million and SG&A expense of $28.2 million, which yielded $83.9 million of operating income and a 23% operating margin.  Cash taxes were $3.8 million, translating into a 4.5% tax rate, slightly better than our prior guidance. Net income was $79.8 million or $0.42 of diluted earnings per share, $0.02 better than our guidance, including a $0.01 tax benefit.  Turning to our second quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $117 million in cash flow from operations. We invested $26 million in capital expenditures and had depreciation of $18 million. We expect capital expenditures to remain above depreciation levels through the remainder of fiscal 2012 as we increase capacity across all of our facilities in preparation for second half product ramps. These investments -- these CapEx investments consist of equipment add-ons within our existing facilities which have a very quick payback. That expands our product margins and our return on invested capital. And finally, we exited the quarter with $307.3 million in cash.  I wanted to briefly highlight for you how the strength of our business model has translated into strong earnings and cash flow, and that's enabled us to significantly improve our balance sheet and capital structure. Since the beginning of fiscal 2011, we've generated a cumulative $560 million in cash flow from operations. We retired the remainder of our convertible debt in favorable terms and without any equity dilution. That makes us debt-free for the first time in Skyworks' history. We completed strategic all-cash acquisitions, which significantly expanded our addressable markets, and we repurchased 3.5 million shares of our common stock at an average price in the low $20 range.  Now for our third quarter 2012 business outlook. We are guiding third quarter revenue to be a 5% sequentially. So assuming revenue of $383 million, we suggest modeling gross margin in the 43.5% range. Looking ahead, we do see gross margins continue to improve as revenue growth accelerates through the remainder of the year and as we realize synergies associated with our recent acquisitions. We expect third quarter operating expense to be roughly $76 million. Below the line, we expect $300,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses. And we now expect our cash tax rate to be around 7% for the remainder of fiscal 2012. And as a result, we expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.44, and that's on a base of 192 million shares.  So that concludes the prepared remarks. So, operator, why don't you go ahead and open up the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The first question is there has been -- I mean, there had been some shortages of baseband from Qualcomm on 28-nanometer products. Just wondering if that shortage has impacted your results or the outlook for the next quarter, and by how much.
David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Parag. This is Dave. We have seen some demand pushout based on shortages. It's been factored into our June guidance. And I'll just add that diversification in our end markets and diversification among the -- our customer set within our mobile business is helping us -- it always helps us to minimize the impact of these kinds of swings. But it's all been factored into what we talked about in our Q3 guidance.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay fair enough. And the second question is that you are leaded to a strong second half starting from the September quarter. Just I'm not asking for a specific guidance, but do you think the strengths in your business will be better than seasonality in the second half?
David J. Aldrich: I do, and it's really driven by specific program ramps across both our high-performance analog and our mobile business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Anne Edelstein: It's Anne Edelstein calling in on Vivek's behalf. We just had some questions about your diversification strategy. It seems like you guys did a good job with that last quarter. We were wondering how exactly your strategy is going to change as the top 2 players, Apple and Samsung, continue to concentrate smartphone handset customers, and as your competitors seem to steadily gain share at those platforms, how you can differentiate yourself?
David J. Aldrich: Okay well, that's a pretty broad question. Let me kind of break it up a little bit. The way we are able to deal with customer concentration is the best way possible, which is to try to be a strategic partner and aligned with all of the customers, with all the major customers. We've done a very good job of being able to do that. Furthermore, we focus on our chipset and baseband partners. And by being lined out with virtually every chipset in the market today, we are able to address those swings. So as OEMs look to bring forth a new platform and they begin with a reference design, we're on that reference design, and we're well positioned with their chipset partners. So I think those 2 things allow us to be as diversified as one can be within the mobile business. It has some inherent concentration. Beyond that, we look to diversify into new markets. Logically, we have a high-end performance analog business. We have a strong, robust catalog business, so we're able to address markets like wireless infrastructure, automotive, we talked today about medical, so we have a diverse set of markets we address, which also gives us an opportunity to have less volatility.
Anne Edelstein: Okay. And then can you just tell us how many, and if so, which ones are your 10% customers, 10% or greater, and if any of them are over 20%?
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Anne. We had 3 10% customers for the quarter, and they were Foxconn, Samsung and Nokia. And -- but we don't break it out beyond who is the top 10% customers in a quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe just for reference, if you could just, in the March quarter, breakout RF and linear. And then when you look at the strength you're seeing in June, I mean, clearly, one of your competitors had a customer that was down in June. You seemed to be able to offset that. Any color on where your offsets are coming from would be helpful.
Donald W. Palette: Blayne, I'll just take the housekeeping question first. The -- for the quarter, we were at 35% linear HPA and 65% handset smartphone, which is consistent with the percentage we were at last quarter. There really wasn't a change in it.
David J. Aldrich: And to explain the second part of your question, we're seeing some strength in our Korean customer base, we're seeing strength with some of our Chinese customers like Huawei, our HPA portfolio is performing very well, the catalog business is strong, and we're seeing WiFi and some of the connect rate with gaming and some of the home automation markets doing very well for us. It's a combination of those things.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then maybe just following up on the WiFi, I mean, you highlighted 802.11ac. You talked about late year ramps. I was wondering if you could just frame -- I know it's a high content, maybe just from the unit opportunities this year, and next is sort of the adoption curve there.
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Yes, I think this year, we have right now, just to give you a little bit of a backdrop, we have a very strong position with the leading chipset provider, and by virtue of that, have a fairly strong insight into the OEMs and the ramp that we'll see late 2012 and into 2013. So we believe that's going to be a pretty aggressive phase in. We're bringing ac up in 11, and we'll roll out. You see gigabit speed with 11ac, you see MIMO, we have literally multiple screens, so you'd double or triple your RF content. We see that playing out late 2012 as a ramp and then into 2013 and beyond. We're really excited about it. And as I said, we have very good visibility into the chipset in the OEM side.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about your Nokia exposure, that it's greater than 10%, how is that revenue trending for you? I know you can't get into too much detail, but with regard to the upgrade cycles with some of the legacy exposure, how should we think about that as a risk factor for you or an opportunity?
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Alex. Liam?
Liam K. Griffin: Certainly, Nokia, as Don indicated, are 10% customer for us, and we have a very broad footprint from 3G, very high-end, even LTE-enabled phones, and in this year, down to the lower-end 2G business. We continue to work very hard to gain share. I think one of the things that you should expect from us, as we get into 2013, is to go beyond the power amplifier space. We're currently working with them on GPS products. We have a great opportunity for the antenna switch modules. And quite frankly, the power management IP that we bring forth today could be a real driver for us into 2013.
David J. Aldrich: And I think, just to add onto that, Alex, it really is, again, part of our diversions -- our diversification strategy. Nokia has been a great customer of ours. They build a lot of phones. And as we see, shares move and the strategy has changed. We just always want to make sure that as we see our OEM share shifts, we're there to address the entire base, and we do a pretty good job with that.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Yes and a follow-up on that, could I ask -- you mentioned Huawei earlier. Are there any other players getting close to that 10% mark? I know HTC has been important to you, Huawei, how are those second tranche customers doing? Anybody knocking on the door at 10%?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. Huawei and ZTE both -- they're not 10% customers, but I think that they are really the big guns that they are in, in China, of course. And what we like is, unlike some of the challenges that you see with 2G business in open-market China, Huawei and ZTE really have been playing up with 3G and LTE ramps. We also like the infrastructure opportunities there. As you start to see subscribers increase in China, more smartphone adoption, and that's predicated now by our ramp in infrastructure. We play there as well, so that's the story we like.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the either 2011 ac activity that you're seeing. Liam, when we look at applications like notebooks or home routers or dongles for TVs, how should we think about the dollar content for Skyworks in those types of applications?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Craig, thanks. Well, we actually are seeing a couple of things. First of all, on a unit-per-unit basis, the 11ac product is much more complex. You're driving 256K QAM versus 64K. The channel bandwidth virtually doubles versus 11n. So on a part-by-part basis, this is a more complex device, higher ASP, higher value. But now when you bring in MIMO, multiple in/multiple out, you could take 2, 3 or 4 screens. So you have an individual power increase, and then you have the multiplication factor of MIMO. So this is a substantial TAM pop for us.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And can you put any numbers to that, Liam? Is it from $1 to $2 up to mid-single digits or any further quantification there?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. I mean, it's certainly a multiple of 2x to 3x what you'd see in 11n.
David J. Aldrich: And in the routers -- in the MIMO routers, the dollars are huge.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes the dollars are huge because that's certainly you want a screen, and you also look at extended range. So we're really pleased by it. And I will say that we've had the benefit of early engagement with the leading chipset provider, and that's put us in a great leadership position.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then just related to that business, but at a higher level, for Don perhaps, as you look at the deals that you've done, how do you look at the integration progress and any positive or negative surprises now that we've got 2.5 to 3 quarters of SiGe underneath the belt and a fourth quarter of AATI underneath?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Craig, this is Liam. With respect to the integration with both of these franchises, we're very pleased with what we've seen. Certainly, SiGe we've had under our wing here for a little more time. And I think what you're seeing now is the benefit of our customer engagements, the Skyworks sales force and the relationships we forged. With AATI, we love the product, we love the technology, and I think you're going to start to see real benefits again as we roll that out to Tier 1 accounts that had not been addressed in the past.
Donald W. Palette: Yes so I think and when you think of it, Craig, it's a timing thing. And as Liam said, SiGe, we've just had to integrate it longer, so we're starting to look [ph] at the benefits curve a little faster. But we fully expect AATI to be there as well. This is just a question of timing, but they're going very, very well. They're very -- going very, very well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Maybe, Liam, if you could talk about the China market a little bit more in detail. We've been hearing that, of course, the 2G market, there has been a pricing war between all these guys. But trying to get a sense of how you view the 2G market going forward in China. Is that a market you want to continue to play in? And how do you think pricing will look like? Secondly, in terms of 3G, can you give us a sense of how we should think about the 3G market for you guys in China market share-wise and in pricing?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Yes, the 2G market in China, as we indicated earlier, it's really a very broad open market portfolio of small OEMs and a number of chipset providers. We have a very good position there. We had been a partner with MediaTek for quite some time. But that portfolio now, in general, as the market is compressed, the ASPs have come in a little bit, and the overall share of China's overall demand is lessened in 2G. Now having said that, we are excited with the 3G ramp. We're starting to see that being led by the 2 main players I mentioned before, Huawei and ZTE. We have a very good position there. They tend to use chipset and baseband providers that we know well. Very often, we lead with a reference design. And those accounts are also more willing to leverage the complexity and the value and add additional components, ASMs, et cetera.
David J. Aldrich: And I'd add to that, that we have -- we've established a product lineup, everything from CMOS devices, an acquisition we did a couple of years ago with ultra low-cost, and it's very high-performance, very low-cost HPT devices for the next tier of that 2G market. And so the way we think about this is, while the ASP pressure has been felt in that part of the market, we are convinced that we have by far the lowest cost structure, we have the scale, and we've got the right -- and positioned on the right reference design. So for us, it's points of market share, and we leveraged that volume to continue to drive down the cost curve in our factories and drive our utilization higher. So we like that business, but we're careful with it to make sure that it continues to have a positive contribution and that we maintain our overall worldwide market share because that's very important to us.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Can you give us -- I want -- Dave, I want to go back into your comments about TAM. Just started going through the 3, 4 opportunities that you see ahead for yourself. And you've talked about, if I'm not mistaken, the opportunity in your core cellular business of 15% CAGR. Correct me if I'm wrong.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, no, you're right. You're right, Ittai.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: If we layer that in, and assuming that we add the other things that you've talked about, which are the antenna switch modules, GPS LNAs, displays, power, and also the 802.11, like the high-margin markets that you've talked about, is that the assumption we need to take, that your business starting 2013 and thereafter will grow north than 15%? Is that the conclusion here?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I'll say it a little bit differently. The market is going to grow for the core RF TAM by more than 15%, and as you know, we've been very clear that we intend to gain share. And so, that 15%, by the way, is looking at the -- looking at multiple bands of amplification, it's looking at the complicated switching and conditioning and filtering that occurs, that needs to occur, and fortunately, for us, all that complexity is creating real problems with size, with shielding, with interference. And so we've spent a great deal of time and effort working with our customers to solve those problems for them. And as a result, we were able to, not only take points in share, but really work through a real issue that they have right now which is hitting the current consumption battery talk time with all of this -- as they try to add more functionality into these devices. And so it's really a great time for us.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So in short, is that a yes?
David J. Aldrich: Yes.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And, Don, it's been a while since you've kind of -- you've gone through the 2 acquisitions in the last couple of quarters. Clearly, you've been working internally to strengthen those out, as they say. But can you give us a little bit more color now, and have you given some thought on how do you think then longer-term your margin profile needs to look like? And now with the addition of these 2 businesses, what are sort of like the margin profile we need to think about, let's say, 24 months out, that is something aspirational?
Donald W. Palette: Well, clearly that there's been no change in our aspiration to have a 30% operating model. That's still where we're focused. And the best way for you is to step back and look at our businesses. We're still -- and we've talked about this a lot, we're still dropping through our incremental revenue on a gross margin line 48% to 50%. So you start with that. Okay, we are going to be making some targeted investments in OpEx in future opportunities. You see that in our Q3 guidance. Those aren't going to be material, but there will be something there. So you're still going to see leverage. And as you layer in this revenue and drop it to the 50%, you get a real good feel as to when that 30% target is doable. That is really, Ittai, the best way to do it. But that goal is clearly in front of us. We're going to continue to expand product margins, and there's a tremendous amount of leverage in the business. There is no doubt in the short term that the acquisitions have stalled that a little bit because as we -- we're synergizing them and incorporating them into the business, they've had a little bit of a diluting impact on the incremental returns. But we're going to go through that, and as the revenue ramps, you're going to see the leverage in the model. That's for you to do that, just to run those scenarios and you see it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: A couple of questions, if I could. First off, on the high-efficiency PA, SkyHi, you're one of the very few people that -- companies that have this. Who else are you seeing when you compete for these sockets? Can you give me a rundown of maybe who else you think your competition is on that? And then, Don, the linear business seems to be doing particularly well. Any color on what your aspirations are for growth in the next quarter, and maybe for the full year? But you've added a couple of new companies. That's giving you a lot more traction. I know part of the rationale for that was to port their products into your much larger client base. How is that going, and what can we expect for growth on it? And then I have a couple of questions on pricing.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Ed, the SkyHi PA, as you said, that's a product line that's really tailored to our ultrahigh-efficiency amplifiers, LTE bands and the like, and the difference in our model over the last couple of years is we see different competitors when we sell PADs, when we sell discretes, multi-mode devices, ASMs, we tend to see a different customer set. To answer your direct question about SkyHi, we'd probably RFMD more than anybody else today.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. And Ed, with respect to high-performance analog, we certainly expect to be at least growing as fast as our mobile business. But by benefit of some of the new product categories we have and design win traction that we're pursuing right now, we hope to do even better than that getting into 2013.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Cody Acree with Williams Financial.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Maybe you can go back to the dollar content question, I think, was asked earlier, and look at it on an incremental PAs as we kind of grow band into 3G and 4G, and then also as you're layering in things like the antenna switch modules and the power management, can you talk about maybe the percentage growth that you expect over the years or just dollar content growth as you get into these new markets that -- and how those might offset just typical ASP decline?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think that's -- Cody, maybe I misunderstand the question. I think that's the 15% answer. What we -- the way we get to 15% is we increase the number of bands the way we think the market will morph over years. We've -- typically, we take the 2G market, which, of course, has the lowest ASP, and that is now in decline, a fairly rapid decline as a matter of fact. It's not going to go away, but it's in decline. And then we look at the mix of high-end, mid-tier and low-end smartphones, those that may be addressing local or regional content, and therefore, have fewer bands. And when we do that, and then factor in ASP on a phone-to-phone basis over time, we think that 15% for the next few years is a good number. In fact, we've come at that in many ways, we'd seem to come to that -- close to that answer, cut lots of different ways. And then of course, the other products we're talking about that we didn't previously address, that expands beyond that. So -- and you're going to begin to see in 2012, as you look at teardown reports and so on, you're going to start to see it -- lots of examples of Skyworks having a front-end, having a PAD, having filter and PA technology, ASMs, GPS products, multiple modes of WiFi, and you're going to see that being not an atypical lineup for Skyworks in teardown reports.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: But some of these markets are relatively new for you, so would you expect that wowed [ph] maybe 15% CAGR over a longer term that you actually have an acceleration of that growth in the shorter term as you start to get into some of these new markets?
David J. Aldrich: That's absolutely the intent.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt Thornton with Avian Securities.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you guys break out, I guess, in the March quarter, 2G versus 3G? And then as we look out too to the June quarter and beyond, if I kind of understood you correctly on some prior comments, should we continue to think about 2G as in continuous decline here, and then the HPA piece, then the 3G, 4G piece kind of growing in step with one another over time here? Is that a fair way to look at that?
Donald W. Palette: Matt, I'll just give you the statistics real quick. The 2G was roughly 25%, and EDGE, WEDGE, with WCDMA was roughly 75% for the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: And I think the answer to the second part of the question is yes. You should see 3G and 4G continuing to displace and become a bigger percentage of our business, as it will become a bigger percentage of the market as well.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got you. And then one follow-on, if I could, on the next-gen Samsung Galaxy products, it sounds like -- I think I probably lost count, but there's at least 5 sockets that you rattled off there. Do you care to throw a content -- a dollar number around that? And would that be the global variant? Or is that a CDMA-only variant or any color you have there?
David J. Aldrich: It would be the global variant. And I really rather not get into the specific dollar content. That's a little proprietary. And our customer probably wouldn't appreciate that. But it is high, and I think you're doing the part count right.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, I mean, it's one that's -- one real good case study of about seeing that diversification. You see our product in their traditional product. You see switch product, wireless LAN, GPS, and even some other technologies, so I think it's a great example of what we're capable of doing now at this full suite in technology.
David J. Aldrich: It's also -- I'll add on to what Liam said. It is also a case, if you look at a lot of products, we've talked over time about their being discrete, high-dollar content, high-performance and then much more highly integrated, and even those sockets where the amplifiers themselves are highly integrated, there's a lot of opportunities. So I think it kind of -- it reverses this notion that when you put lots of bands in a multi-mode device, all of a sudden you TAM-drops it. That's really not the case. We're not seeing that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dale Pfau with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Let's talk about your antenna switch modules. As I look at the competitive landscape out there, that seems to be one of the areas where you're really beginning to differentiate yourself from -- there's always been only a handful of guys really good in switches. Could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing there in the competitive landscape? How many people there that might really be able to address some of these multi-throw switches and even the multi-throw that we're going to see in wireless LAN? And then how fast do you think that TAM could actually grow? I think that could grow much faster than your 15% CAGR?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Dale. Yes, I mean, so a couple of things. As you know, Skyworks has been a major, major supplier of switch for many years. I mean, we ship over 0.5 billion devices here, primarily out of Woburn. So we understand that business, but what's been great is, as you move into these multiband phones, you always need to be switching among bands, right? So you need to basically be communicating across bands, you need isolation, you need low insertion loss, and we've been masters of that for quite a while. The beauty now is that the throws are going up. The number of bands that we need to interact with are going up substantially. And our technology and our IP and our R&D team here is well-equipped to do that. We also have the unique advantage of working very closely with the RF amplifier team at Skyworks, so we can build solutions that work in concert. So with having said all that, we're seeing an opportunity now in some of these handsets where the ASM value could be over $1, in some cases $2 dollars, and we're starting to enjoy our first taste of those design wins in the second half of this year.
David J. Aldrich: And, Dale, one of the reasons why we steered away from that market in the past is why we did a lot of switches, mode switches, TR switches and the like. And as the antenna switch module in a simple dual-band phone, for example, it's more about the filter device, and the switching was done in pin diodes, and it really wasn't that complex. The ASPs were low. What's happening with the complexity is it can no longer be done with a pin diode matrix on a hunk of LTCC and some ceramic. It is really now requiring some pretty sophisticated signal processing and multi-throw switches. We do a lot of that SOI, for example. We don't need to do that in gallium arsenide, where we can integrate some logic and functionality. And so it's now become semiconductor-heavy, so it plays into Skyworks' strength.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And to my question there, is the TAM on that growing at faster than a 15% CAGR?
David J. Aldrich: For us, yes. And I think for the market as well because of the complexity.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I wanted to just dig a little bit more in something you said in your opening remarks about your platform wins, the Huawei and the Samsung Galaxy 3 and the HTC 1. Could you just talk a little bit more about which products you're selling into those? Because those are 3 sort of -- aside from Apple, those are probably the 3 leading smartphone platforms out there. I want to get a better sense of what your content there is -- sort of looks like?
David J. Aldrich: It's a little different curve, but it is -- in all cases, it's fairly broad. It has amplifications, so transmit amplification. And in some cases, it's more functionality, where we're sweeping in things like ASMs. So amplifiers in all cases, but ASMs, GPS LNAs, WiFi devices, and I think maybe WiFI [indiscernible].
Liam K. Griffin: And some power management. And I think in some cases, Jay, we have some really customized multi-mode, multi-band engines in our apps, so we noted those as kind of marquee wins that reflected the customer but also some of the newer technology that we're releasing.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Those are substantive, meaningful dollar contents in each -- in all of those?
David J. Aldrich: In each case, yes.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, each case.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jaeson Schmidt with Craig-Hallum.
Jaeson Schmidt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions for me. Don, what's your backlog coverage to your guide? And then just wanted to get your thoughts on channel inventory.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, our backlog coverage, as we do typically when we provide an outlook, is we're pretty much 100% booked at this point in time, and that's a combination of hard purchase orders and also the humbles [ph]. It's a combination of both forecasts that get us to that level.
Jaeson Schmidt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: And then just kind of your thoughts on current channel inventory?
David J. Aldrich: I think current channel inventory is normal. I don't see any areas where there is excess inventory. So I think it's pretty normal for this time in year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sujee De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: In terms of -- just under a year ago, you guys pulled up 2 big acquisitions. I want to understand today, sitting here, maybe the conditions that are different in terms of thinking about more acquisitions, or whether there are any holes you still need to plug to do more acquisitions?
David J. Aldrich: Well, our strategy has been pretty clear. We look for acquisitions that are very quickly or immediately accretive, and that have an opportunity for us to add a platform that we can grow from. So this on bolt-on, wedge fillers, we're really looking for growth engines and -- so we don't see any technological -- technology gaps per se today, at least not major ones. So you have -- but you have to think of us looking at it that way. We opportunistically look for a cultural fit, something that we could integrate very quickly, and something that would be immediately accretive.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up to the Samsung Galaxy 3 questions. Across the variant around world, are you sole source to -- on the PAs for those, or is that shared through the variance?
David J. Aldrich: It's not typically -- we're not sole source on the platform, although on the models, it would be sole source, so the custom per model, but not on the platform. We have company on the platform.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to catch up on the mix in the 3G, what was it? And how did it grow Q-on-Q?
Donald W. Palette: The 3G mix -- well, 2G was 25%. And as I said, our EDGE, WCDMA mix was 75%.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then what was the -- when you look at this switch side -- switch -- antenna switch module, what was the revenues in the March quarter?
David J. Aldrich: What sort of revenue was this ASM?
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes.
David J. Aldrich: It was a few million dollars, below $10 million. It's really just beginning. But it ramps pretty -- it ramps solidly in the second half.
Operator: And we'll go next to Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Don, just a quick question. You talked about acceleration in revenue growth based on the new platform ramps. Just wondering if that is a comment you're talking about in calendar year or fiscal year? And then was just wondering, Don, you talked about the -- I'm sorry, Dave, you talked about the customer diversification at prepared comments. Is there a way you can quantify that maybe, say, looking outside of your top customer, what the next, say, numbers 2 to 5, I mean is there some metric you can give us about how you're spreading it out over the customer base?
Donald W. Palette: As far as the growth opportunity, I really -- refers to the fiscal quarters for us through the calendar year as well. We just see what's the design pipeline and the wins that we've had in place earlier in the year. We just see some really nice growth opportunities. For the balance of our fiscal and the calendar year as well.
David J. Aldrich: And I think it's quite -- it's a little tough to answer that question because it really depends upon how the market evolves. In the case of we're about 65% in the mobile space, 35% in our diversified HPA business, and within the high-performance analog. And within that 65%, our goal would to be as diversified as we possibly can be with the products that we address. In which case, a really good strategy would be implemented such that we mirror the customer concentration of the market. And that's as good as we can do it. And we're not exactly there today, but we're pretty close. So when you look at who's beyond the top 2 or 3, it really is a who's who among OEMs. So you'd look at LG, you'd look at ZTE, you'd look at Huawei, Motorola and others, almost stacked as if you would see them in the market.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And within HPA, you can expand that suite beyond mobile, so you can start looking at gaming opportunities. You can look at the wireless infrastructure space. And there's a lot of things now with our power management suite that we can expand. So you've got customer diversification across the major Tier 1, but there's also a whole another's opportunity base now with newer products coming in through acquisition and organic growth, and also newer verticals that we're penetrating.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to you, Mr. Aldrich, for any additional or closing remarks.
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you for participating on today's call, and we look forward to seeing all of you in upcoming conferences.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-01-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Stephen Ferranti -  Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Analog David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Todd K. Koffman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Elizabeth. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' First Fiscal Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating future results that are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone. Well, I'm pleased to report that we're off to a strong start to our 2012 fiscal year. Despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop, we have once again exceeded our prior guidance. Our first quarter financial performance demonstrates how our market diversification strategy and our focus on operational excellence continues to drive stronger financial returns for the company. And during the quarter, we delivered revenue of $394 million, that's ahead of our guidance of $390 million and up more than 17% year-over-year. We generated strong operating profits, producing first quarter operating income of $105 million and cash flow from operations of $77 million. We earned $0.51 in diluted earnings per share, and this is $0.01 better than our prior guidance. Also during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 750,000 shares of our stock, and we retired $9 million of our convertible debt. And following the close of the quarter, we further enhanced our balance sheet and eliminated dilution by retiring the remaining $17 million of our outstanding debt. This leaves us now completely debt free. And we successfully closed our acquisition of Advanced Analogic Technologies or AATI. But before delving into the specifics of the quarter, I'd like to first describe for you, in broad terms, some of the key dynamics we're seeing in our business environment today. And as I'm sure everyone is aware, the market backdrop remains challenging given the current global macroeconomic climate. But despite this, we have continued to generate strong profits and cash flow even while absorbing the impact of a product transition within one of our major customers. And furthermore, we believe that the trough of our business occurs in this quarter, in the March quarter. And there are 2 primary reasons that Skyworks has been able to navigate through these cross currents and to maintain our track record of strong financial results. The first is over the last couple of years, we have strategically positioned ourselves as a significantly more diversified company. Not just in terms of served markets but also in terms of our addressable content within these markets. And secondly, we maintained a relentless focus on being the most efficient operator in the space, leveraging our scale and leveraging our flexible manufacturing model. This dual-edge strategy has enabled us to perform during tough market conditions, but more importantly, positions us for substantial growth as the market environment improves. Now while the economic climate has created challenges in some of our segments, we saw a healthy holiday season demand across all categories of mobile Internet devices, including smartphones, e-readers and tablets. In fact, these were some of the season's biggest sellers. Recent market research suggest that a staggering 6.8 million new smartphones were activated on Christmas Day alone. With application downloads surpassing 242 million in one day. More broadly, there are a number of irrefutable market trends that are playing out today that are bullish indicators for a long-term industry fundamentals. The first is wireless data usage is exploding. Ericsson recently projected a tenfold increase in wireless network data traffic over the next 5 years as the mobile Internet supplants the wired Internet. Second, driving this usage, smartphones are proliferating on a global basis. Unit shipments are now expected to exceed 450 million during 2011, which still only accounts for less than 30% of overall handset unit shipments. In fact, some forecasts are predicting 4 billion cumulative smartphone unit shipments between 2011 and 2015. Furthermore, tablets are replacing PCs. More than 60 million tablets are estimated to have shipped during 2011, 60 million, with some projections calling for more than 100 million in 2012. The adoption rate of tablets and similar devices like ultrabooks should accelerate as applications like cloud computing and digital textbooks becomes mainstream. An increasing number of these are shipping with 3G and 4G connectivity, I might add. And finally, more and more consumer devices are going wireless. The number of wireless radios shipped into non-mobile segments like gaming, like PCs, televisions, like set-top boxes, crossed the 1 billion mark in 2011 and is expected to grow 27% compounded rate through the year 2015. But these are all quite positive trends for our company, for Skyworks, and will provide healthy growth in our core TAM for years to come. The proliferation of air interfaces, cellular frequencies and global roaming, dramatically increases front-end complexity, placing a premium on integration and a premium on performance. Quite incredibly, I think, today's smartphones can operate on as many as 12 different RF frequencies as compared to only a dual band 2G phone from just a few years ago. And we see the number of frequency bands only continuing to rise. In fact, we're now seeing architectures on the drawing board that incorporate a whopping, a staggering 23 bands, 23 frequency bands. So to be clear, this translates not only to higher average dollar content per mobile device but frankly fewer qualified suppliers with the engineering depth and the technical breadth to address these advanced RF design challenges. So at the highest level, we have positioned Skyworks as an enabler of mobile data in all its forms, and we believe we're uniquely positioned to capitalize on these megatrends. First, we have the broadest product portfolio in the industry by far today, which encompasses all RF architectures, including highly-integrated multimode PAs, power amplifier duplexers and hybrids of all forms supporting all standards. Second, and in a similar matter, we have deep relationships spanning all major device OEMs and all major baseband partners. None of our competitors have the breadth of engagement that Skyworks has today. And it's no coincidence that Skyworks is currently designed into every one of the world's leading smartphone and tablet platforms. Third, on top of this, we're now capturing incremental dollar content within mobile devices. We're having a great deal of success leveraging our strong customer relationships, leveraging our scale and technology advantages to drive additional expansion of our TAM with our portfolio of Antenna Switch Modules, or ASMs, diversity in band switches, wireless networking front-end modules spanning both 2 gigahertz and 5 gigahertz bands, GPS low-noise amplifiers and now, power management display -- power management and display and backlighting solutions. The end result is a target-rich environment for Skyworks within today's most advanced mobile devices where we are competing for as many as 7 or more addressable sockets per device. So we're clearly not just a PA company, but rather a full-service RF and analog specialist focused on the mobile Internet and adjacent high-growth market opportunities. So let me give you a specific example how these opportunities can play out in the real world application. A recent teardown of the Galaxy Note from Samsung that was published by Chipworks highlights Skyworks as the supplier of the RF engine using our multimode, multiband SKY604 [ph] product. Further, the teardown revealed a complete suite of supporting Skyworks products, including our ASM or Antenna Switch Module, our band switches, our GPS LNA and a wireless networking front-end module. In total, we captured 5 sockets within this particular platform. And looking ahead, we only see this trend accelerating with more complex architectures as we incorporate more sophisticated signal processing, antenna tuning, advanced switching, multi-transmit chain, wireless LAN technologies and power management. With these incremental addressable opportunities, some of the upcoming platforms we're currently engaged on contain more than $10 of addressable content for Skyworks. Okay. Now switching gears, within HPA, our HPA business, or high performance analog products. We are also seeing increasing traction across a wider range of end markets, through both our catalog analog component products and our custom vertical market solutions. And this has been a key contributor to our ability to outperform. Specifically during the quarter, we captured numerous design wins across a number of diverse applications. Some of these include an entire lineup of General Electric smart appliances, including washers, dryers, refrigerators, dishwashers and ovens. And we expect these products to ramp over the course of fiscal 2012. We've captured new content within a remote heart monitoring device from Medtronic, leveraging our portfolio of advanced tuning ICs. Land mobile radio applications for emergency responders utilizing up to 20 of our low insertion loss switch arrays and a new residential FEM tel platform using our fully integrated receiver subsystem. And with Ericsson, a TDD-LTE base station where our high-power transmit/receive switching module was incorporated. And wireless networking front-end modules for an ultrathin notebook platform with a leading OEM. This high-performance module features 3x3 MIMO connectivity and incorporates a total of 5 Skyworks devices. We think all of these wins clearly demonstrate our success in diversifying our business in the highly profitable adjacent market segments. And additionally, we continue to seek new avenues for expanding our high performance analog business. Last week, we closed our acquisition of Advanced Analogic Technologies, which provides us with an entree into an incremental $2 billion in TAM with power management ICs, with display and backlighting solutions. And AATI further strengthens Skyworks' technology leadership position with complementary new product, process and technologies, as well as a portfolio of nearly 300 patents and patent applications. And by combining AATI's leading edge product portfolio with Skyworks' strong sales channels, this acquisition further expands our product offering within the mobile Internet, but it also broadens our market footprint into exciting new growth markets like e-books, like digital cameras and cable modems and LED lighting, where AATI already has significant momentum and design wins. We're excited to have this acquisition complete as it opens up several new market opportunities and is accretive to our 2012 earnings. So in closing, our first fiscal quarter marked another solid performance for Skyworks in which we added to an already strong design win pipeline. We believe that our strategy of diversifying across baseband partners, across OEM customers and now new vertical markets, while capturing new dollar content and continuously improving operational execution, is clearly working. And with that, I'll now turn this over to Don for his financial review.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone. We appreciate that. I will first provide a summary of our first quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2012.  Revenue for the first fiscal quarter was $393.7 million, up more than 17% year-over-year. Gross profit was $174.4 million or 44.3% of revenue. Operating expenses were $69.3 million. That includes R&D the expense of $41.4 million and SG&A expense of $27.9 million, yielding $105.2 million of operating income and a 26.7% operating margin. Cash taxes were $8.9 million. That translates into an 8.5% tax rate, which is in line with our prior guidance. Net income was $96.2 million or $0.51 of diluted earnings per share, $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our first quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $77.2 million in cash flow from operations. We also invested $6.4 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $17.3 million. We expect our CapEx to remain below depreciation levels until the second half of fiscal 2012 as we increase volumes. We produced free cash flow of $70.8 million, which implies a 9% free cash flow yield based on our recent equity value in our calendar 2011 free cash flow. We repurchased 750,000 shares of our common stock and $9 million of our convertible debt and exited the quarter with $446.5 million in cash. Following the close of the first quarter, we completed the acquisition of AATI for roughly $200 million in net cash. It is worth pointing out that we elected to pursue an all-cash structure for this transaction in order to avoid issuing equity. In addition, we repurchased the remaining of our 2007 convertible notes. We are pleased to report that we are now completely debt-free. Now for our second quarter 2012 business outlook. We are guiding second quarter revenue to be approximately $360 million, including roughly a $14 million stub contribution from the acquisition of AATI. Excluding AATI, our second quarter guidance reflects slightly better-than-normal seasonality. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin in the 43% to 43.5% range, which factors in the impact of the seasonally lower revenue base. Looking ahead, we see gross margins improving in the third quarter as sequential revenue growth resumes and as we realize synergies associated with the AATI acquisition. We expect second quarter operating expense to be in the range of $74 million to $75 million, including AATI expenses for the period. Below the line, we expect no contribution from interest income and other expenses. We expect our cash tax rate for the remainder of fiscal 2012 to remain steady at around 8.5%. And as a result, we expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.40 on a base of 189 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, go ahead and open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Alex Gauna from JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Dave, I was wondering if you could touch on some of the puts and takes during the quarter. What allowed you to exceed your guidance? And I was also wondering about linearity. And if you could touch on here visibility into Q1, I know you said it's a little bit better than seasonal. What are the puts and takes on that with regard to visibility on backlog, where we are in the uptick of LTE and also maybe where we are in wireless infrastructure spend?
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, Alex, I would say that it was reasonably linear this quarter. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary in the December quarter. December has a slightly different profile than others as you can imagine, but nothing out of the ordinary. I think some of the puts and takes, our business, with, for example, Samsung was very strong with the launch of new products. Our HPA business in general was quite good. Our home automation and mobile connectivity business performed very well. Our standard catalog business went along strong, was sequentially up for the quarter. We saw some softness in pockets of 2G open market China, which was offset by the introduction of 3G and some of the momentum we're seeing with customers like Huawei and ZTE. So I would say those were kind of the puts and the take -- puts and takes. Infrastructure was a little soft as well. I think in Q2, we expect kind of more of the same. It's a seasonally low quarter. I don't see anything out of the ordinary in terms of overall inventory. I still see choppiness in the low end of the market in China. I still see a lot of launches -- new launches we're participating in for 3G that are penetrating the same market. Tremendous amount of design activity, which I think bodes pretty well for the second half of the year.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: There was a large analog peer of yours that reported recently some more encouraging trends in terms of business picking up. Are you getting any glimmers of that would make you encouraged on the kind of broader semiconductor cycle?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Alex, this is Liam. Yes, we are seeing some signs of improvement across the broader landscape in HPA. The last -- the end of December seemed to get a little brighter. And as we get into the March quarter now, we feel like we have an ability here to perform very well against the to market. Our mobile connectivity, our wireless LAN portfolio looks very good. The Antenna Switch Module business, which is heavily weighted towards multiple modes and multiple bands across all RF applications is doing quite well. And then we are -- we believe that Infrastructure is going to start to pick back up. They had been soft, as Dave mentioned, in December. So we do see some encouragement there across the broader market.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Dave, just wanted to get a feel for your design win pipeline. So if you look at your pipeline right now and compare it to your, say, 6 months back, do you see your design win momentum increasing? And do you think that you can grow faster than the market in the calendar 2012?
David J. Aldrich: I do see it increasing because there have been a great deal -- there's been a great deal of emphasis on incorporating bands of LTE, creating more world-based ubiquitous products, more tablet design activity where the complexity is very high. So I think that the basic trend of increasing content and all that, that implies from design win standpoint is very much alive and well. It had been playing out, now, relative to 6 months ago. And I think that trend will continue, frankly. I think you'll see that throughout 2012, 2013.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And secondly, I mean, you hinted to your design win activity at LTE. How would you handicap your share in the LTE versus your competitors? And what do you think that you would be able to gain sockets in some of the upcoming Marquee [ph] LTE platforms?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, our sky-high LTE is now demonstrating, and in real world environment is showing really, I'm quite -- our customers are quite impressed with the power-added efficiency and the low-current consumption. We're seeing PAEs north of 50% for this product line. They're quite rugged. We've been sampling them for some time. They're in production. We've been picking up reference design sockets. I would say, we probably are in the 40% overall market share range in terms of the total business. I think LTE is going to be a similar platform for us. I expect very high growth and an awful lot of design momentum right now as carriers are demanding this, even in networks that don't have that -- that are not enabled with LTE, they want these products to have LTE.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. We're also seeing, in parallel, if you talk about infrastructure, the real driver right now in infrastructure is to put out that ecosystem and develop the carrier model to support high-frequency LTE. So you're starting to see a build-out with Ericsson, Nokia, Siemens, Huawei, names like that. So that's a little bit more back half of 2012, but that infrastructure is also rolling.
David J. Aldrich: And I think probably as 2012 rolls out, we get into the late 2012, 2013, I think we will be by far the #1 producer of LTE. I think we will lead that space.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nathan Johnsen with Pacific Crest Securities.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: On the LTE side. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about, in your guys' expectations for the year, how many or what percentage of smartphones do you expect to be LTE enabled? And then when you look at how many LTE bands kind of the typical LTE smartphone would support, I was wondering if you can give an idea whether they will typically be dual band LTE or if there's other variations that you see kind of dominating? And then secondly, just in terms of looking at the competition, clearly you've got a couple of competitors that are in underutilized situation, just wondering what your strategy is for keeping ASP pressure from bleeding [ph] into the mix in the mid-part of the year?
David J. Aldrich: Sure. With respect to LTE timing, you are starting to see the initial launches across some of our OEMs. We think that the real excitement around LTE in the consumers' hands will occur later in 2012. You'll see it in smartphones, potentially even tablets, which will be an ideal platform. So that's one part here. In the second question that you had related to content, we are absolutely amazed with the number frequencies and the RF addressable content that we see in a typical LTE device. You'll often have 2 or 3 bands of LTE, maybe 4 bands of LTE, backward compatibility to WCDMA, where there could be another 3 or 4 bands, and then even an EDGE device. So when we speak of content of $8 to $10, it's absolutely true. It's power amplifiers. We bring in our ASM. We could also add wireless connectivity to 5 gig and 2.4 gig modules. But we are looking at the $8 to $10 of content in these devices.
Donald W. Palette: And, Nathan, as far as -- this is Don, on the pricing issue, there's been a lot of talk, you're right, from competitors in this space. And actually, we're not seeing anything unusual in the marketplace regarding pricing. Our current erosion and projected erosion is well within historical ranges. The ASP erosion is a market dynamic we're well accustomed to dealing with. And what's important is, now more than ever, this is not a commodity business, we're pricing along win share. I mean, customers are making decisions based on your product performance, technical capabilities and breadth. The baseband partnerships, you have scale and supplier reliability. Aggressive pricing really only works in the open market -- open China market, 2G. And as the low-cost producer in this space, we're in a much stronger position to manage this dynamic, and our financials consistently reflect that. So it's really that it's our ability to manage through that and our ability to have the products in place to take advantage of the requirements that the customers need. And it's just we don't see any different dynamic than we've been used to dealing with over the last [indiscernible].
David J. Aldrich: And, Nathan, furthermore, to add what Don said, underutilization in this space is not a function of bad pricing decisions. It's a product issue. So if you -- there's plenty of market demand to fill capacity. We've been incrementally adding it. So I think if you look at where there are pockets of excess capacity, it's a product issue, it's not a pricing problem.
Operator: We'll hear next from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I had a few questions. Can you talk about your revenue concentration in your cellular business now that outside of Samsung and Apple it seems like every other vendor is stumbling. Sony Ericsson, bad numbers. Motorola, bad numbers. HTC, bad numbers. Can you tell us what -- how many 10% customers, how many 20% customers you have in your cellular business? And how do you expect that to change going forward?
Donald W. Palette: Ittai, this is Don. The 10%, which is a number that we talk about on a quarterly basis, it was Foxconn, Samsung and Nokia, consistent with what it's been over the last multiple quarters. So that did not change in the quarter.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And have any of them been above 20% at least without calling who?
Donald W. Palette: No.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And with regards to your guidance, so $14 million is coming from AATI. A, can you give us a little bit more color why such a low number? This is a company that typically does in the mid-20s. And since the deal closed on January 10 are you just being overly conservative here, just feel that, that number should be higher? And also on the gross margin, AATI gross margins in the upper 40s, why should we see a decline in gross margin in your second quarter. Why should not we actually see flat if not up?
David J. Aldrich: Well, the AATI in the December quarter was around $15 million and change, it was around $16 million. Our $14 million, remember there was a stub period here, so our $14 million is only part of the quarter. So if you really go back in time, it's been some time since they were in the mid-20s. They've been running at sub-20. And I think if you look at the analog peers in the power management space, they've seen some pretty significant downturns, and AATI has not been immune to that. So I think that our guidance is pretty consistent with how they've been running since the market for these products sort of corrected a little bit. The other thing that we're doing is we are looking very, very hard at the product portfolio and making sure that we launch this business where we have the most competitive advantages. So we are doing some product line pruning and expect AATI to be emerging much stronger as we go through that process, which began when we closed last week.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My question is, I think on the pricing issue, you addressed the competitive pressures before. But I'm curious, Dave, what role is technology integration playing in pricing where multiple bands are being integrated? You have these multimode amplifiers, you have the conversion amplifiers. So what role is that integration playing in the pricing dynamic?
David J. Aldrich: That's a great question, Vivek. So the way we look at that is that our customers today are, as you can imagine, really struggling with all the shielding and interference and filtering problems created by so many bands. And really, it's quite impressive to see this level of complexity given the current consumption requirements, the battery voltage issue, size, real physical size. And so what our customers are jumping to as quickly as we can provide it, as the industry can provide it, is some way to preserve performance as measured by battery talk time, among others, while at the same time just enabling the number of bands. So we see a steady march where each successive generation, for the most part, in general, has higher dollar content. That doesn't mean higher content per band. So the way to play this is we're able to integrate where we have some relatively modest incremental cost as we add more functionality, but our customer gets the value of not having to replicate the cost for each discrete band. So we get more dollar content. They get a more affordable band. They get a more integrated device, which takes up less size, and most importantly, consumes no more current or less current, hopefully. So the game is very much thinking of microprocessor business, right? We're adding functionality, which is keeping us ahead of the overall ASP curve, while adding value, enabling them to have more complexity that they can afford, that the market can afford. Now the fact is, as we said in the prepared comments, the ability to do that is limited to a very small handful of suppliers, which is very, very good for us, stable for pricing. And as Liam mentioned, we're adding a great deal of more content. We really love the fact that now when we go to an engagement, it's not just a multimode PA with discrete bands of LTE bolted on, it's an Antenna Switch Module, it's a 5-gig PA module incorporating backward compatibility to 2.4 on WiFi, it's a GPS product. And this is not a dream of ours. We're doing that right now. You're going to see products today that you can buy on the shelf that have all that content of Skyworks, unheard of a year ago.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And one follow-up, Dave. So one of your competitors, Avago, has very -- I have to say, very differentiated FBAR and voltage technology that they have been able to leverage and they have had a very good relationship with Qualcomm and on CDMA in the past. Just to conceptually, does a lack of an FBAR filter hurt you from a long-term perspective? And I know that you're looking at partnerships, but how do you look at that competitive threat long term?
David J. Aldrich: Well, we've talked about this before, and it's playing out pretty quickly. First of all, FBAR technology is a great technology. The problem is that these filters are becoming increasingly multiband and low, medium and high band. And so SAW filter from a price performance is absolutely a requirement. So what we're finding is FBAR is great for certain high-frequency applications. But more and more on our customers' roadmap and our roadmap is the combination of these bands that are making a single technology not sufficient. So what we've been doing is we have been partnering with companies who view us the -- remember, we're the best in the PA space. We're the biggest in PA space. We're also -- I think, we're the best, we're the biggest by far. And so the filter providers in the world view as a wonderful partner to them and an entree to the market. So we are not -- these are not our roadmap. We are in high-volume production and we are winning PAD sockets of single band, multiband and their low, medium and high frequencies. So while we think FBAR is a great technology, so is SAW. It has a different performance characteristic, and we intend to play across the entire suite. And you'll increasingly see that if you crack open smartphones in 2012.
Operator: We'll go next to Todd Koffman with Raymond James.
Todd K. Koffman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can I just ask a follow-on to the comments you made on AATI? I think you said they did around $15 million in December, $14 million for March. They were doing comfortably north of 20 for many, many quarters. Is there something about their business that you've changed or you've gotten out of or is permanently impaired? Or do you expect to get their business back to what they were doing in 1 or 2 quarters?
David J. Aldrich: Well, first of all, December -- Don, December was $15.7 million, just under $16 million. This quarter is $14 million for part of the quarter, we didn't own it for the whole quarter. And what was the September quarter, Don, do you your recall?
Donald W. Palette: About $20 million.
David J. Aldrich: About $20 million. So they really have been a 20 or sub-20 for now going on 9 months. And as I mentioned earlier, we think that's a function of the power management space in which they compete. You've seen other -- you've seen their competitors do pretty much the same thing. But we're also tuning up that product line, very much like we did with SiGe, we really expect to be able to put them on the right trajectory because we're adding our scale, our cost structure and our ability to bundle and integrate. And we feel very, very good about that acquisition. But it's not correct that they've been in the mid-20s. They've been 20 to sub-20.
Todd K. Koffman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I thought the September quarter was $22 million, and the June quarter was $24 million, but maybe I have numbers wrong. Just an unrelated question, if you look at the margins of your business in the last, I don't know 3 or 4, 5 quarters, the gross margins, operating margins, they have now flattened out at a very attractive level. But you're continuing to put up fairly, very healthy growth rates. And I was wondering as we go forward, you signaled that you thought the gross margins might lean higher through the year. Are we now at a point where the margins are likely capped and the business can grow with the top line or that's not the case?
Donald W. Palette: Todd, this is Don. That's absolutely not the case. We're going to be -- our expectation is to continue to deliver the margin expansion. It will be in step with revenue growth. It is volume- and revenue-dependent, but we've got the opportunities to drive the expansion clearly defined and they include the increasing dollar content as the migration of more complex architectures continues, we're going to leverage a hybrid manufacturing model with engineering focused on low-cost designs. We're making targeted productivity improvement CapEx investments, and we're going to grow the HPA business. All those things are going to continue to move the margins forward. And I do want to point out, I mean, if you look at the incremental changes that we've built the model off, if you look at the margin change from the December to the March quarter, we guided, that's about a 50% drop, which is what you would expect. Now there is some short-term pressure that you've seen with the 2 acquisitions. We have said they were a little bit, SiGe was a little bit below corporate average. We're moving that forward. We said the target is by the end of this year that they're going to be at or above Skyworks' averages. So when you've added some of this incremental revenue, it just put a little bit of pressure on it. But there's really nothing inherently different in the model. That's the takeaway.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis, Barclays Capital.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions. When you mentioned the Galaxy Note, obviously there's 2 parts in there, the MMPA, you've addressed a little bit and then the Antenna Switch Modules. Just on the MMPA or the converged market, clearly that's with Infineon. I think Qualcomm is clearly moving to this. Just any perspective as to what percentage of the market is going to move these architectures then kind of the competitive view. I think everybody, at this point, has kind of some multimode PAs. And then just any comments on your switch business, kind of any relative, how big that is for you today and what your pipeline is?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the switch business is small for us today because only entered the ASM business in 2011. That's where the action is. As I say, we've had a lot of discrete switches -- our market discrete switches has been very high for us, multiband discrete switches. We've moved that portfolio over to a great deal of SOI incorporated -- silicon-on-insulator -- incorporated filter technology and we've now been producing ASMs, and we're getting really good traction for those products. They're very important on the receive side, insertion loss and how they impact current consumption. And again, the challenge is multibands, and we're quite good at that. So in fact some of these devices have 10-throw switches in them, unheard of a couple of years ago. I think Multimode is continuing to have its play. But remember these are -- these MMMB devices are really hybrids that will have bands of LTE bolted on to them. So picture this device and others like it, could have MMMB, could have bands of discrete or PADs and ASM. This product has a GPS LNA, has a 2.4- and a 5-gig WiFi module. So I think, in general, converged is going to continue or multimode will continue, but it will be part of a hybrid front-end architecture because the performance requirements are so high.
Operator: We'll go next to Dale Pfau with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Could you give us a rough breakdown of your HPA business compared to your wireless business? And then my follow-up is on operating margin of the SiGe and the AATI business, I know you said on SiGe, you thought that the margins would come up. Could you talk about operating margins and where you think those are going to be relative to your overall business by the end of the year, Don?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the breakout is 30% HPA this quarter and 70% handset smartphones, which is consistent with where it was last quarter. And the follow-up on the SiGe operating margins. We don't -- it's a business segment for us. It's rolled into our mobile connectivity business, and it's clearly important part of the business going forward, but it is in a business that we report separate margins on. The only point I was making is we were cleared in the acquisition and if you've followed them in some of their filings, you saw that their product margins and operating margins were partly [ph] below corporate average. And we said we have a specific target in place, which we're well on track or for those to be at or above Skyworks' averages by 2012.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And how about on AATI, same thing?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, it's a similar story. They have a little higher product margins. But when you add in at the revenue level, their operating expenses that they had, it was a little bit below the overall Skyworks return. But again, the plan in place to drive margins forward, we've made some targeted OpEx reductions, and all that combined, we think again is within 3 quarters or so after the acquisition, we're going to be very close, if not, at the Skyworks' operating margins.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Aalok Shah, D.A. Davidson.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Don, just a couple quick housekeeping questions. in terms of AATI, I think you guys said revenues in the September quarter were, I think, what, fixed in the teens. In the 10-Q that I just pulled up, it looks it's $22 million. Can you tell me what happened between September and December to see a 27% dropoff in revenue?
Donald W. Palette: I said that we're talking about December quarter, they were $16 million.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay.
David J. Aldrich: September, I believe, they were around $21 million.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, still $20 million to $21 million. Yes, so that's the number you're referring to. No, the $16 million was what we we're saying is they were $16 million in December and basically flat sequentially. And the difference between the $16 million and $14 million is the $2 million stub period, what we own them. That's...
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And do you guys believe this is a trough level for them as well? I mean, how -- because that's a pretty big dropoff between September and December for them.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I mean, the September to December decline, a lot of that was market-driven. It was a pretty challenging quarter for the analog group in general. If you looked at some of the power management players, I think AATI endured the same headwind. As we bring that portfolio into Skyworks, we certainly think that we can expand the addressable customer set dramatically, alright? We have tremendous position across all the Tier 1 OEMs. We like the technology. We think power management is a very core expertise and competency to have and the IP there is significant. So we absolutely believe we're going to be able to grow the business. We've rightsized the OpEx. We can leverage a great sales channel. I think our operational team here at Skyworks is world-class. They'll be a part of the story. And we'll be, hopefully, reporting more good news to you as we go forward.
Operator: And Sujeeva De Silva with Think Equity has the next question.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: What was the percent of 2G versus WWE this quarter?
Donald W. Palette: It was 25% 2G and 75% EDGE/WCDMA.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And then also perhaps for Dave, it seems like you have a lot of products that go along with the power amplifiers for the handset. Do you get a benefit from your power amplifier being in the design when the sockets or are the wins relatively independent from each other?
David J. Aldrich: Well, no. It's absolutely a bundling benefit. If I take the SiGe as an example, not only we're able to sort of tune-up, if you will, the product portfolio but by presenting it to those individuals sourcing and engineering within our customers where we have a long history, they went from sort of a small company where customers will work about engaging in these high-volume sockets to one of which they had confidence. So there's an immediate bundling and I think -- supply-chain reputation advantage that then becomes a product advantage in some cases. So we were able to take our mobile connectivity business and theirs, our experience with SLI, their experience with SLI, our packaging experience. We were able to drive some pretty compelling multiband WiFi devices an example. I think the -- if you look at AATI, if you look at what they're doing with camera flash drivers, for example, in smartphones. They're doing it with LG and Samsung and HTC. We think we have an opportunity to take those to other customers where they were kind of boxed out based upon scale.
Liam K. Griffin: We also have -- as you know, Sujee, we come from a deep experience, systems-level experience at Skyworks. So our engineering teams, our applications folks, coupled with the sales guys are able to really go in and architect optimal solutions. We understand the current budget for our customers. We know where we can apply some of that budget to 5-gig WiFi, some of that to multimode PA. And I think our ability to kind of work collaboratively with the customer has been really helpful.
David J. Aldrich: I'll give you an example. When we introduced a family of ASM products, quite recently, one thing we were able to do was we're able to put the hands onto design benches and into platforms for them to test immediately across all our top customers. They didn't all buy it, some did, but I think that's a tremendous advantage that these smaller companies lack.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: AATI had, call it, 3 customers in the wireless side. Given your scale, Liam, how quickly do you think you could add significantly more customers? Also, Liam, if you wouldn't mind talking about 2x2 and 3x3 MIMO, the kind of content jump that you expect to see in 2012 and how you think that plays out?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, with respect to AATI, I mean one of the things you said is exactly attracts us. As you probably observed, they have really done well with a small set of customers, and they've done real well. Their share has been high. We think we can replicate that model across all of our Tier 1 accounts. We like -- in general, I think the market for LED drivers backlighting more screens in one's hand, right? From TVs to smartphones to tablets, there's a TAM opportunity across-the-board and their customer set has been very narrow. Their camera flash technology, we think, is outstanding, yet it's only playing in a few accounts. I think they lack the scale. They lack the sales channel to really penetrate some of the other big drivers out there from a customer perspective. We think we can turn that around. With respect to MIMO technology. If you look at what's happening in wireless LAN, that is an area where it's been explosive growth for us. It's been a performance-driven market as Dave articulated. We see the same thing in cellular. And basically, a 2x2 MIMO is 2x the content of a 1x1. It's linear. A 3x3 is 3x the content. So you get multiple inputs, multiple outputs, multiple radios and multiple bands. And we see that trend moving forward as video becomes more important to the user.
Anthony J. Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: One last quick the question. Can you talk about reference design activity on the LTE side?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. We're engaged with all the significant players that would be porting LTE, of course, Qualcomm, Infineon Mobile and others. We have a great portfolio. We have OEM relationships. As Dave mentioned before, we have the R&D horsepower and the application savvy to make sure the best-in-class products are appropriately positioned with the leading baseband providers, and that ultimately will flow through to the OEMs.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: A couple of questions. You pointed to the proliferation of bands and modes in these phones getting to some very high-teen rates for the largest ones. I think just about every OEM is looking at deploying some form of MMPA in 2012. But the pricing for most of these devices seems to be less than the sum of the parts. I know, for example, the Avago part that went into Apple, which is the 3-Di [ph] part, is less than the sum of that part. And some of the pricing we're hearing from Samsung is a similar trend. So the question is, as we move to these converged and hybrid devices, won't we expect to see a significant increase in overall TAM compression? And if so, are you going to make that up through some of the other parts like the Antenna Switch Modules you spoke of in the SiGe acquisition and maybe some of the stuff out of AATI?
David J. Aldrich: Ed, I will say that on average, it's absolutely the case. On average. That as more bands are being added, the TAM is up. So there are couple of examples, where that hasn't been the case. But on average, that -- overall, that's not the case. As more bands have been added, as the transition from feature phones to smartphones, the TAM is up, and not up a little bit, up substantially. There aren't that many smartphones today that aren't engaging in not only multimodes, multiband for 3G but also 4G and all the content it implies it bolts around it. I mean, yes, there's a PA. You can integrate bands in the PA, but you've got to figure out the filtering, the switching, the receive side and it's very complicated, the ASM is higher. So I think there will be more multimode. We welcome multimode because we think that by moving from a discrete implementation to more higher levels of integration, the competitive landscape gets much narrower. Much narrower. And you see that as we're now competing typically in our larger sockets with our customers. If we're competing with -- we're competing with one other company usually. And that company differs from standard to standard, and we like that a lot. We like to see the nature of the competition getting a little bit more niche-y as we become more broad.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. Let me add, Ed, to that. And if you look at what's happening in the China, we talk about the China market contracting and being a difficult base for pricing. But while we see that $1 ASP market go down, we see more plays with Huawei and ZTE and HTC now bringing on 2 smartphones that are $3, $4, $5 in content. So in addition to the net unit-to-unit TAM increase that we see in a given smartphone portfolio, we're seeing the subscriber base gravitate towards smartphones at a much faster rate. And there's still a big upside there in emerging markets.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: That was my follow-on question there. Indeed, like you [ph] -- we've seen the massive increase in content just on bands alone with those additional modes. But we only have maybe 3 models out there that are converged now. You've got Link Co [ph]. You got the Galaxy parts out there. Apple's got a part out there. So we've only got maybe 2 or 3 models that have been using hybrids, much less converged. So I guess the question is, as, let's just pretend overnight that every handset OEM puts half of their phones on the block for converged or MMPAs, I guess what you're saying is, that wouldn't be enough to offset this 1 to 2 bands going 2 to 3 bands in the massive phones. There are still...
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, that's right. The upgrade cycle from feature phones to 3Gs and smartphones is always an increase in content that's rather significant. And even among the company -- we talked about in our prepared comments what's going on at Samsung today. In those products there's a lot more RF content in those products than one they replaced. A lot more. And we have the advantage of sitting here and designing products that are late 2012, 2013, and I will tell you, the average content is substantially higher.
Operator: We'll hear next from Sanjay Devgan on with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question, just kind of dove-tailing off the question on MIMO and wireless LAN, you talked about the content uplift for going 2x2 to 3x3. I wanted to get your thoughts on 802.11ac. I know it's kind of nascent, but we've heard some folks in the ecosystem talk about ac and potentially rolling out ac solutions to access points and I'm guessing eventually to handsets. I was wondering how that plays into you guys in terms of a content adder? And then second question is, just on AATI, now that you've done the SiGe acquisition, you've done AATI, was wondering how difficult -- it's obviously there's a revenue synergy opportunity in terms of leveraging the customer bases for each company, but on an R&D basis, how difficult is it to leverage engineering resources across different process technologies, i.e. gallium arsenide, CMOS, silicon germanium. If you can talk about that and what kind of R&D synergies can we expect to get from that?
Liam K. Griffin: Okay, okay. Let me start with wireless LAN. Yes, you absolutely nailed it. A very key move for us in technology. The 802.11ac space is really the next upgrade cycle in wireless LAN. It would be what LTE is to cellular, 802.11ac is to WiFi. We have an outstanding position in that category. We are partnered up very closely with Broadcom, one of the leaders in the chipset space. This technology is really made perfectly for video distribution and video communication, higher data rates, higher performance. We think it's going to be a great new category and an extension of WiFi. It will raise the TAM. It will raise the performance requirements, be deployed in access points. I think on the receive side, you're going to see this technology in tablets and TDs. We feel real good about it. You'll see more releases from Skyworks this year. And with respect to AATI and R&D, one of the advantages that we have at Skyworks in that we are a technology leader, we're also a manufacturer. We have fabs in-house, we have partners outside and we have a team is here that is well-equipped to manage the most complex engineering tasks. So as we bring this company in, and we make some changes to OpEx and work on portfolio management, there'll be a lot of leverage from the talent pool within Skyworks today to lean into this technology to support ongoing R&D efforts. So you're going to actually see an increase in the ability to deliver complex products as this company comes inside.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from Ittai Kidron.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Don, I wanted to ask about your CapEx comments. I think you mentioned, if I got that right, that in the second half of the year, your CapEx is going to start rising above your depreciation. Can you give us a little bit more color on that? And for how long should we assume CapEx would be above depreciation and by how much?
Donald W. Palette: Just to frame that. With what we spent in Q1 and where we're projecting Q2, we're going to be in roughly $20 million, maybe a little over $20 million in CapEx. And Q2 is the trough, and as the market continues to rebound, and we think we continue to gain share and strengthen our position, that's going to mean some incremental CapEx investment, but it's not a significant amount above those levels.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And as far as your OpEx is concerned, clearly your OpEx now includes AATI. But under the assumption that working quite aggressively right now to reduce that headcount, should we expect OpEx to be flat for the next 2, 3 quarters, down potentially for the next 2, 3 quarters?
David J. Aldrich: No, that forecast does include the AATI operating expenses that will move forward with post-synergies after the acquisition. But there will be -- we're adding some targeted headcount for opportunities in the second half and there's some other expense drivers where you really take the Q2 forecast. You need to model some increase into that in the second half of the year. But it won't be material, but you do need to add some increases to that.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Aldrich for any closing comments.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you very much for participating, and we look forward to seeing you all at the upcoming conferences.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Stephen Ferranti -  Liam K. Griffin - Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Analog David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Todd K. Koffman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Skyworks Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' fourth fiscal quarter 2011 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report a strong finish to our 2011 fiscal year with another consistent quarter of execution by the Skyworks team. We exceeded our prior guidance and we secured a steady flow of new design wins, building upon an already solid foundation for 2012. With this pipeline in place, Skyworks is well positioned to further expand its market leadership in 2012 and beyond.  Specifically during the quarter, we delivered record revenue of $402 million, which was up more than 28% year-over-year and up 13% sequentially. We expanded our profitability and delivered strong operating leverage, producing fourth quarter operating income of $109 million, and that's up 34% year-over-year, and we earned at the same time $0.54 in diluted earnings per share. We generated $123 million in cash flow from operations.  Our fourth quarter results closed out a strong fiscal '11 -- 2011 for Skyworks. And to put our results in perspective, on an annualized basis, we posted 32% of revenue growth. We expanded our market share, and we are now the established, clearly established leader in mobile connectivity. In fact, we grew our 3G front-end module shipments by more than 150% over the course of the year, and we increased our operating income by 56% and we improved our returns by over 400 basis points. We generated $366 million in cash flow from operations and we exited the year with $411 million in cash on the balance sheet. And we created meaningful economic value with the return on invested capital of just over 23%. And this incidentally is more than double our weighted average cost of capital.  So in retrospect, fiscal 2011 marked a year of significant progress for us, and our fundamentals remain solid and sound and our design win momentum continues to build. However, as a diversified company, we are not completely immune to the global economic macroeconomic forces. In the near term, we do see pockets of industry softness and we see more cautious ordering patterns impacting our business. Our Q1 outlook reflects the effects of this environment, offset by key program ramps at specific customers.  To be more specific, we have recently seen more tentative order activity within certain segments of the Android smartphone market, and we've recently seen some signs of sluggishness in smart energy in North America wireless infrastructure. We believe these factors are a function of the current global macroeconomic environment and represent a temporary market pause within a larger long-term growth trend. Given this, we believe that guiding slightly down on a sequential basis is warranted.  Beyond the current period, our strategic growth engine remains firmly in place. Global adoption of smartphones continues to be robust and is being quickly followed by a growing tablet adoption cycle. Moreover, wireless functionality is becoming embedded into a seemingly unending array of new applications. This proliferation of embedded wireless will drive a tremendous increase in the number of connected devices over the next few years. In fact, GSMA recently released research which suggests that the number of mobile connected devices is expected to reach 12 billion by the year 2020. That's twice the number in service today.  Equally as important across all categories of mobile Internet devices, RF complexity and dollar content continues to rise. This is driven by an increasing number of radio frequency bands, a broad array of protocols and multiple simultaneous modes of operations. All of these growth engines are long term in nature, and they're still in the early stage of playing out, providing time expansion opportunities across our markets in the coming years.  And digging a bit deeper into our market drivers, smartphones are entering the stage of mass market adoption globally and becoming even more integral to consumers' daily lives, folding in the functionality of traditional mobile phones, always-on internet connectivity, social networking, portable gaming, digital cameras, HD camcorders and even mobile payment systems, and the list goes on and on. Our customers, in fact, are segmenting features, price points and data plan options to facilitate a migration from high-end business units to more mainstream consumers and ultimately to the emerging markets. So leveraging our leading edge analog solutions, we are actively engaged across this entire ecosystem, uniquely supporting all mobile operating systems and all baseband suppliers.  Within the high-end performance segments specifically, we see a strong flow of LTE-based devices for 2012, many of which is supporting -- or support global roaming and include a combination of multiple LTE bands, along with full backward compatibility to 3G and 2G. In fact, the high-end LTE platforms we are currently architecting for 2012 are some of the highest dollar content devices we've ever supported, with some containing as many as a dozen addressable Skyworks sockets. These high-end devices demand very high RF performance and they tend to rely on highly complex front-end architectures, with very stringent performance-driven specifications. And this plays directly to Skyworks' competitive advantages as evidenced by our early move of position in LTE.  Now at the other end of the spectrum, the sub $150 smartphones are enabling a major upgrade cycle, with prepaid in emerging markets where there is a large embedded base of 2G phones. Now if you look back just a few years ago, we were talking about how the first phone call made by many subscribers in developing countries would be on a mobile phone. And as we see today, this projection has turned out to be overwhelmingly accurate. But similarly, we believe that these same subscribers will access the Internet for the very first time from a low cost smartphone. We see this segment driving a significant expansion in our TAM as 2G feature phones, which today contend less than $1 of content, of RF content as they migrate to entry-level smartphones, which have more than 3x an increase in the addressable content. And in fact, Skyworks benefits from its long history as a supplier in this segment, leveraging deep integration capabilities, our scale and the industry's lowest cost structure, to extend our existing leadership position in this market.  Tablets also represent another significant incremental opportunity for Skyworks. By some analysts' forecast, the tablet market could grow to over 200 million units by the year 2014, which would represent almost $500 million in addressable content. And Skyworks is playing a key role in the evolution of the tablet market. Within this segment, our current engagements and our product portfolios spanning cellular, 3G, 4G and wireless network connectivity provide us with the broadest footprint in the industry. In fact, Skyworks' products are currently designed into virtually all of the world's leading tablets on the market today.  Okay, now turning over to the fourth quarter highlights. Specifically, we ramped multimode, multiband, front-end solution for our Samsung's Galaxy SII smartphone and tablet platform. We commenced shipments for key models of Samsung's Android-based Nexus S smartphone, which include a Skyworks sweep of the entire front end. We've supported ZTE's ramp of its next generation tablets and notebooks with EDGE, WCDMA and LTE front-end solutions. And we've captured a key front-end content in Nokia's forthcoming Windows-based smartphone platform. And finally, we're very excited to be ramping our LTE power amplifiers and our high-performance switches in support of Motorola's DROID RAZR 4G smartphone.  And at the same time, our high performance analog product lines or HPA are gaining traction across an even wider array of end market. The various applications served by these product lines is expanding, ranging everything from military radar to wireless infrastructure to smart appliances, electronic toll tags and hearing aids. I think its one recent examples, Skyworks offers a complete portfolio of solutions for the connected home market, enabling delivery of HD video, high-speed data and multimedia distribution via fiber, hybrid fiber coax or direct broadcast satellite networks. This innovative portfolio is highly complementary, obviously, to our wireless business, and it includes products like modulators and demodulators, mixers, high-isolation switches, digital and voltage variable attenuators, detectors, hybrid couplers and more. In leveraging this broad portfolio, we were recently awarded multiple sockets within a number of Cisco's home multimedia gateway products. These new design wins leverage a suite of Skyworks products, including our digital attenuators, switch blocks and amplifier products.  And just to go on, during the quarter, we also captured wins across a number of other diverse applications. And specifically, we commenced volume production of advanced antenna switch modules or ASMs supporting Huawei suite of 3G data cards. We also have ramped shipments of 802.11a, b, g and front-end modules with multiple LED high definition television manufacturers. And we secured production orders for our MRI signal switch matrix with Siemens Healthcare. This application uses 800 of Skyworks' multithrow switches in a single MRI scanner. And we supported Tier 1 home security solutions with multiple ODMs using our fully integrated Zigbee front-end solutions. And we believe these applications clearly demonstrate our success in diversifying our business into highly profitable, new adjacent market segments for us.  So with the market working its way through the current business cycle, it's worthwhile taking a step back to refocus on a long-term opportunity. In short, the Internet -- the mobile Internet is supplanting the wired Internet on a global basis and the proliferation of wireless networking connectivity technologies like 802.11, like Bluetooth, Zigbee and GPS, is expanding across a broadening array of non-handset applications, including Blu-ray players, gaming consoles, LED TVs, high-power access points, enterprise routers and network PCs. And cloud computing is driving ever increasing demands for consumers to be connected all the time, at all times. Performance requirements and technical complexity are rising, and our RF content -- and the RF content continues to increase. All of these positive market dynamics are still in the early earnings. And as the market leader in wireless connectivity, the opportunity for Skyworks has never looked better.  And with that, I'll now turn it over to Don for his review.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone. We appreciate it. I'll first provide a quick summary of our fourth quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2012.  Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter was $402.3 million, up 28.4% year-over-year and 13% sequentially. Excluding our SiGe acquisition, we grew 18% year-over-year and 6% sequentially. Gross profit was $179.7 million or 44.7% of revenue, representing a 90-basis-point year-over-year expansion.  Operating expenses were $70.3 million, including R&D expense of $42.4 million and SG&A expense of $27.9 million, yielding $109.4 million of operating income and a 27.2% operating margin.  Our net interest expense and other income for the quarter was $555,000 of income, while cash taxes were $6.1 million, translating into a 5.6% tax rate.  Net income was $103.8 million or $0.54 of diluted earnings per share, a penny better than our guidance.  Turning to our fourth quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $122.8 million in cash flow from operations, our best cash generation quarter in the history of the company. We invested $15.3 million in capital expenditures. Our CapEx is now approximately back at steady state levels and is roughly in line with depreciation, which was $16.7 million. As a result, our free cash flow during Q4 was $108 million. We ended the quarter nearly debt free, with $411 million in cash after accounting for a repurchase of 500,000 shares of stock during the quarter.  It is worth pointing out that the business model we have in place is generating significant cash flow for the company and at the same time creating economic value. As a measure of this, our return on invested capital for 2011, including excess cash, was 23%, roughly twice our weighted average cost of capital. And in fact, for fiscal 2011, our ROIC improved by approximately 600 basis points year-over-year.  For sometime now, we have maintained a strategic objective of delivering financial returns comparable with those of the best diversified analog players, along with top line growth of the mobile Internet. Our financial results highlight that we have taken major strides towards this goal. These healthy financial terms are the direct result of our focused business strategy, which combined scale advantages and a flexible manufacturing model to generate significant financial leverage in our business model. We expect to continue to post strong shareholder returns to our fiscal year 2012 and beyond.  Now for our first quarter 2012 business outlook. We are guiding revenue to be up 16% year-over-year to $390 million. At this level, we suggest modeling gross margin in the 44% to 44.5% range, with operating expenses of roughly $69 million. Below the line, we expect $200,000 of net interest and other expense. We expect our cash tax rate for Q1 and for fiscal year 2012 to be in the range of 8.5%. As a result, we expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.50 on a base of 191 million shares.  That concludes our prepared remarks and so operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first in queue today, we will hear from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Dave, can you talk a little bit more about the weakness that you've seen? I'm trying to understand in your interpretation how much of it is soft demand. Or is it just that the vendors you're shipping into are having competitive challenges? And as a second layer to that question, do you feel like you're holding your share with those vendors? Or do you think there's a market share, your own market share problem evolving as well in some of those vendors?
David J. Aldrich: I think the first part of your question, Ittai, is we've seen typically a layer in the quarter. We began to see some evidence to some of Android customers not quite as aggressive going into the December quarter. We've also seen some pretty significant softness in infrastructure. I think that's been pretty well publicized. As you know, our HPA business is very broad. So we've seen some softness in energy management. We've seen some softness in infrastructure. Offsetting that is we are ramping. We're ramping at Samsung. We're ramping it, as we discussed in our prepared comments. We're ramping at HTC and ZTE. We're ramping in Huawei. So if I look at it, we see those as the primary drivers behind our Q1 guidance, and we think it's prudent to be conservative. There's an awful lot of sort of macroeconomic chop out there, and we see that a little bit in the channel. And I would answer no, that we don't believe we're losing market share. Our position with those customers are strong and there are a lot of exciting platforms that are being led during this period of time and into 2012, and we're quite well positioned.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, very good. And Don, can you talk about your linear business. I mean, was it up in September? And do you expect it to be more -- I mean, you guided the company to be down 3% on a sequential basis, if I'm not mistaken. But would you expect that business to be down more than 3%? Can you give us sort of like more or less where the different pieces are moving between the cellular business and your linear business?
Donald W. Palette: Yes, we ended up, Ittai, for the quarter at approximately 30% linear, or HPA as we referred to it, and 70% handset smartphones. And there isn't anything in our current projections that would indicate that, that percentage is going to change significantly in the short term.
Operator: Moving along, we'll go to Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify. You said there was some weakness in Android, but you said Samsung is up. So I'm assuming that, that means the Android softness you're seeing is excluding that customer? And I was wondering if you could also perhaps also comment -- I know it's a delicate topic -- but the iOS operating system, whether you'd expect that out flat or down?
David J. Aldrich: I think it's not Samsung, so you're right about that. And we really can't comment on the iOS operating system. I think those numbers are fairly well publicized, and they've given their own guidance.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the net of it all, your guidance is actually quite a bit better than most peers are demonstrating right now. I'm wondering what your backlog coverage for that is? And then also perhaps if you could look out in Q1 based on some of the new pipeline products, particularly in the LTE area. Would you expect to continue to be able to outperform either in the industry or seasonality, if you could comment on that?
Donald W. Palette: Alex, this is Don. As far as backlog coverage, as you know we always talk about, we take a very typical -- a very conservative approach to the forecasting. And as we're entering into the quarter in the current fall, we currently have 100% coverage and that's both a combination of booked from purchase orders from customers and then the hub pulls. That combination is at 100%.
David J. Aldrich: And I think, Alex, the second part of your question. As we look ahead in the March quarter and so on, December. Clearly, there is some uncertainty in the macro environment. We've seen that in the order pattern in some of our customers. Smartphones, you're right, is an area of relative strength. We've got some pockets of varied -- a lot of strength in our HPA business. But obviously, we're quite diversified. So we're not immune from that overall macro market chop. So bottom line, I said you'd expect to see a bit of normal seasonality in the March quarter. And as for the reasons we described in our prepared comments, we do expect to take share in 2012.
Operator: Moving forward, we will go to Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just wanted to get a better understanding between the 2 moving parts, that is your linear business and the handset business. Would it be right to say that your linear business outgrew your handset business during this quarter?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, that's correct.
Donald W. Palette: That's correct.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And regarding your guidance, if you look at the guidance of many of them -- a lot of companies and also some of your competitors, their linear business guidance is down significantly, almost double digit going forward. Any idea of what your linear business is going to do in the December quarter?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. As Don mentioned, I mean, we should probably be on par with the overall company guidance. And as you know, there has been some weakness in the channel in general. And in many cases, while performing in the end markets, we're still seeing some growth in market. So specifically, our GPS portfolio, which is a new launch for us. Our wireless LAN business is very strong right now. And with SiGe under our wing, we have a design pipeline that's really going to carry us forward in 2012. And there are a number of new products in ASM, antenna switch modules, that are giving us some upside. So we are -- as much as this quarter had some headwinds and we're going to be close to our corporate average, we are outperforming much of our peer group.
David J. Aldrich: And I think the way to look at it in September and December, just to add on Liam's comments, we do see on infrastructure, we see smart energy down, mobile connectivity up. So I guess, I'll characterize it a little bit more broadly. I think that the traditional component business and what you'd think of our HPA business is down and seeing some of the same dynamics. But we have a host of new product platforms that we've been driving into the market the last 6 months. And those are up. They're coming from their infancy, but we have broadened our footprint here quite a bit. We mentioned some of those in the prepared comments. So that's what we're seeing, relative growth and it's offsetting some of the more sort of broad-based weakness.
Operator: Moving along, we'll go to Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: I have just one further clarification on the Android issue. Can you clarify if what you're seeing is overall in handsets or if there is any divergence in trends between smartphones and future phones? And is tablets playing a part in the order softening that you're seeing there?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. Craig, it's primarily handsets. I would say it's more mid-tier feature phone then smartphone. Tablets in general, we're very bullish on tablets. I think we're going to have a -- we have a very good position this year. We're going to continue to gain next year regardless of operating system. We think that's a great market for Skyworks. So that's the way we would characterize that.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Thanks, Liam. And Don, can you just let us know where you were from a utilization standpoint in the third quarter and what should we expect for 4Q?
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Craig. Again, we always like to separate these really 2 types of utilization that are important to us. And one is sort of your line utilization, and we expect that to be pretty much at capacity. It wasn't in our September quarter, and it will be through December. We still have some square footage available. And most of our facilities allows us with some small CapEx investments to move forward. The key to this is the hybrid model. And as we see any ramps or any softening in the market, what we do is we either upload more business outside to our supply base for both wafers and assembly and test that will bring that back in. So that's how we flex and how we remain competitive. And we're able to drive best-in-class margins regardless of the cycle.
Operator: Next in queue, we'll hear from Cody Acree with Williams Financial.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Maybe a couple of things. I just spent some time on the comparable markets on the converged opportunity, the multimode opportunity. It sounds like that's beginning to be a bit more of a driver and definitely a different tune, I think, from you guys in the industry and that we heard a year ago. Can you just talk about what customers are doing there and what you're seeing that as maybe a changing opportunity versus maybe a few quarters back?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think that the MMMB or the multimode integrated PA opportunity continues to be strong. I think the market has in many ways, bifurcated from the MMMB for sort of, maybe the mid to low tier and then more performance-driven products that are increasingly hybrid with a lot of discrete content. We're seeing increasing push for more performance and more content overall, driven by the proliferation of bands. And there's a lot more content that we're addressing, for example, we are now ramping ASMs. We expect to be a major player in antenna switch modules. GPS LNA products, WiFi mobile connectivity products, in addition to the content that you would normally think about, from Skyworks coming in and sort of the PA transmit front end. I would say, it is very much what we have been talking about in the past. We see customers that are remaining with hybrid and discrete designs. And in fact, that segment is growing and it's performance-driven and it's tablets and it's high-end smartphones. We also see the push for the $100 and sub-$150 smartphone driving more creative levels of integration in order to just drive more cost out. Some of them are pretty creative. And that will be displacing more of a 2G market sets. So I don't think there's been any difference in our outlook on the market, other than performance, current consumption size. Everybody is looking at that concern with it, looking for the ultimate solution for that. But they're unwilling to give up performance for size.
Cody G. Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: And then secondly, there's been some comments from some of your competition about capacity in the industry that there's some excess capacity overall, and that's likely to lead to some increased aggressive pricing competition. I guess, what's your view on that?
David J. Aldrich: Well, the pricing we're seeing right now, continues to be sort of in the high single-digits. Last year, I think, Don, it was a little bit less than 8%.
Donald W. Palette: That's right.
David J. Aldrich: Part-to-part year-over-year. We track that at nauseam by the way, and we're running that now. It tends to run in the 8% maybe 9% sometimes. It doesn't hit 10% in aggregate, that’s being offset obviously, by much more content per platform or more dollars of revenue and more dollars of margin it continues to march up with. So I think that continues to be the trend.
Liam K. Griffin: And Cody, just to -- as that relates to where we are in profitability, the ASP erosion is not new for us. We're very accustomed to dealing with that. And our year-over-year cost reduction has typically offset the erosion and all you have to do is look at the margin expansion history we've had to show that. So this is something that we pretty effectively deal with as we grow the business model and the returns to the business.
Operator: Moving forward, we will go to Sujeeva De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: First question on the mix. It seems like linear was up a little bit this quarter. How do you think that mix will play out as we go through fiscal '12, linear versus handset?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think that the -- as Don suggested, we're seeing some softness and some relative strength in both our smartphone and mobile Internet space, as well as HPA. And so we're looking at not seeing a shift or any meaningful shift in the December quarter versus what we saw, that 70/30 split. As we look out throughout the year, I mean, it varies a little bit quarter-by-quarter. Typically, in the second quarter, you see a little bit more seasonality on the mobile space than you do in a more diversified HPA. So that can move the dial a little bit. But as we go out throughout the year, we expect to see a resurgence in some of the Android customers we talked about and our wireless business moving throughout the year. There's an awful lot of opportunity out there. The dollar content is high. The margin is good. So we think we're really going to see strength throughout the year, building throughout the year, based on these designs and these new platforms. And we've got pretty high aspirations for HPA. I guess it's a long-winded way to say I wouldn't model the split to be much different.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. Now that's very helpful. And your bullish on Android phones, is some of that coming from 3G entry phone side. Can you talk about when should there be unit TAM there as your share opportunity is, as we go forward?
David J. Aldrich: The unit TAM is -- there's 2 ways to look at it. An entry-level smartphone has less unit TAM than high-end smartphones, so the number is perhaps 2 or 3 to 1 in a high-end smartphone. Let's call it an even $9 or $10 in a very high-end device, high-end product when you sweep in the mobile connectivity, as well as the bands of LTE and 3G so it's $10 or so. If you look at a low-end smartphone, that number is maybe $3. If you look at the antenna or the switch -- the antenna switch module, the power amplifier, the filters. There are fewer bands and those bands tend to be more integrated and the multimode device are more integrated in that case. But I guess I look at that $3, not as, gee, it's too bad it's not $10. I look at it, boy, I'm glad it's not $1, which is what it's displacing, it's displacing $1 GPRS devices on the ultra low-end feature phone side.
Operator: Next question in queue will from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, can you help us understand your sales mix, in terms of smartphones versus feature phones versus traditional 2G phones and how it has sort of trended over the last few quarters?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, the breakout by interface is that our 2G was roughly 30% this quarter and EDGE, WCDMA roughly 70%. Last quarter, that was 31%, 69%. So it's relatively flat to last quarter.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And smartphones versus traditional?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, we don't normally split that. I think that you're seeing a lot more content per unit in smartphones. But obviously, the unit count is a little bit slower there, so it may be Smartphone's 50-50 versus feature phone.
Operator: Next question in queue will be from Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know you don't want to guide for March, but I was wondering if you could talk about some of the headwinds that you saw or seeing in Q4, if they continued into the March quarter, outside of just normal seasonality?
David J. Aldrich: Well, it's difficult to say. And you're right, we don't guide the March quarter. It's hard to handicap what we're seeing in a macro environment. Of course, that's sort of -- that concern about the macro environment oftentimes says, it's a psychological effect that impacts ordering patterns and so we saw a little bit of that in December, just leaning out the channel a bit. I don't see anything that leads me to believe it's not going to be sort of a net 10% to 15% marked seasonality. I think the strength being in smartphones, which continue we believe to chug along and add growth for us, we see the platforms that we discussed and some of the newer stuff that's offsetting some of the general market softness. But clearly, there's some uncertainty in that environment that we need to keep an eye on. So we're thinking about normal 10% to 15% seasonality with those puts and takes.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I got you, helpful. And then, I apologize if this was already asked. But just a clarification, the 6% sequential growth without SiGe. Did you comment whether linear was up or down within that 6%?
David J. Aldrich: In September, linear was up.
Operator: The next question in queue will be from Nathan Johnsen for Pacific Crest Securities.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Two quick ones. Just firstly, on the SiGe acquisition. I know you guys have basically incorporated that into the business. I wanted to see how that part of the business is tracking relative to expectations. And specifically, if you guys have seen any traction on smartphones with SiGe. I know traditionally, they had been more in laptops, but I think smartphones have been an opportunity. And then secondly, just on potential changes in the competitive environment, I'm just curious if you're seeing anything there. It seems like of Avago has picked up some steam on PAs and RDA seems to have gotten some good momentum in China. So I just wanted to see your view on competitive environment?
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Nathan, this is Liam. With respect to the SiGe acquisition, it's going extremely well. The design win footprint is continuing to expand. And to your point, one of the real synergies with this deal was taking Skyworks sales and marketing presence across smartphones and tablets and some of the major Tier 1s, and leveraging the strong portfolio brought forth by SiGe. We're doing that today. A lot of that is not on the numbers yet. It will be more forward-looking into 2012. We now have traction and we can see design wins coming forward in tablets and in new smartphone accounts. There's a solid base business in gaming. We're starting to win in Internet-enabled TVs, Blu-ray players, just a whole proliferation of products. And earlier, we talked about margins. I can tell you that we are adamantly committed to raising the gross margin net portfolio to be at least as good as corporate average if not higher. And thus far, this has been a great deal. And I'll tell you that there'll be a lot more to tell you, a lot more about that as we move into 2012 and these design wins go into production.
David J. Aldrich: And in terms of the competition, Nathan. I think on the ultra low-end, we had an earlier question about pricing. And on the ultra low-end of the market, let's call sort of 2G mostly China, India, Central America. We have products, that's where we see the most competition. That's where we would see RDA for example. We have products that offer better performance. We also have what we believe the industry's lowest cost structure. We tend to go at the ultra low-end of the market where performance really doesn't matter that much. And we go at that whether these CMOS devices are ultra low-cost [indiscernible] devices. And then where performance becomes even a little bit more important, we tend to see more differentiation, less commoditization and it's easier for us to compete on the basis of performance. I think in the other aspects of the market, our relationship with the top OEMs, I think is pretty well-known and it's strong. One of the things that we have invested a great deal of money and time and energy has been in making sure that we not only have the best overall system performance, but we're there first with reference designs. We've done that more recently with Qualcomm. We tended to go at an OEM customer, use the relationship and our better overall performance and our history, our long history and track record to unseat an incumbent reference design player. We don't want to do that anymore because it hurts us sometimes. Occasionally, we don't win that battle, particularly with some customers who look at it and say look, I'm just following that reference design. I want the first part that works. And even though you have the strengths, I'm running with the reference design. We need to be better-positioned there and we are now, and we will continue to improve that in 2012. So that's where we see competition. You mentioned Avago, that's where we would see Avago being very strong with Qualcomm reference designs. We were less strong. We now believe we're a parity and we're improving that position as we move into 2012.
Operator: Moving along, we'll hear from Todd Koffman with Raymond James.
Todd K. Koffman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Kind of a sort of clarification. You said the March quarter seasonality, you thought might be down 10% to 15% sequentially, or did I get that confused, Dave?
David J. Aldrich: No, that's right. That's fairly normal, seasonal pattern in our industry, I'd say 10% to 15%.
Todd K. Koffman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Dave, if it's down 10% to 15% in March, what do you think the industry, given that you're seeing weak demand from your customers now, what the industry seasonality for the December quarter might look like, which I'm guessing would be normally up 10% to 15% sequentially?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, you wouldn't -- and maybe not 10% to 15%. I mean that's a kind of an old market. There was a time when it was up probably firmly 10% to 12%. What we've seen lately, we've seen a little bit less overall seasonality because there's so many new platforms being delivered overall. And from a supply chain standpoint, the business we're in is that we tend to see a very strong September, October, November. Because that's when the stocking is occurring, that's when the building -- and even late August. So it tends to be sort of shared, the seasonal high points between late fiscal Q3 for us -- or late fiscal Q4 and early fiscal Q1 of the December quarter. But from a sell-through standpoint, in the March quarter, you typically see that number down in the 10% to 15%, in terms of the number of units sold. And the supply chain kind of follows that, as people sort of -- as our OEM customers recover from the seasonal high November, December timeframe and then restock.
Operator: And moving along, we will go to Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I was wondering, we've talked a little bit about some of your other customers, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Samsung ,which you just touched on briefly. It seems like there are at least 2 or 3 of your competitors who have press releases out there tightening share gains there. And I was just wondering if you can give us your take on your share position at Samsung? And also, if you could just discuss a little bit of progress at Nokia?
David J. Aldrich: Well, Samsung was sequentially up for us in September. They'll be sequentially up for us in December. And as Don mentioned, they're over 10% customer. And the specific design -- we've always been very strong at Samsung, and the specific designs we're talking about were on the Samsung II S Galaxy products. And the reason we talked about those is because first of all, they're very popular. They're selling very, very well. They're of very high performance. And it's an interesting example like I mentioned earlier, about reference design, we were not on the first reference design. That product, the early designs went fairly with an Infineon or Intel baseband chipset arrangement and we were not the reference design. As a result of the early rollout of those products, we weren't in those products. We were strong elsewhere, we were not in those products. We've recovered and as I mentioned earlier, we focused on the system-level performance and our strong relationships. And now we have gained the majority of those sockets. So I would say in the Galaxy platform, as we move through the end of fiscal Q1, at the end of December quarter and into the back half of 2012, we will be the majority player in those Galaxy platforms. And that augments what's always been a very strong position for us in their feature phone segment in the low-end. And we're pretty excited about that because we did not like being on the outside looking in. It relates to my comments earlier about, not only being the best overall architectural player, or competitor which has always allowed us to unseat the reference design incumbent. We want to be there with the best performance and we want to be there first, and we needed to fix that in the last couple of years and we're doing that. So I think you should expect on future Samsung products. We will not be having to displace the reference design incumbent. We'd rather be on the reference design.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes and let me also add, Jonathan that Samsung is going to be one of our first customers to ramp with a SiGe WLAN FEM, probably mid-2012. In addition to that, we also have launched a new portfolio of GPS products and we have design wins there. So those will be coming in second half of 2012, but the design win work has been cemented.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. I guess I'd add one further comment since we have a lot of questions about Samsung. We have always been Samsung's largest supplier of RF front-end for years. This Galaxy -- the Galaxy was so popular and since we weren't in the reference design. We didn't like, as I said, we didn't like our position there on that product. We worked very hard to fix that and we have now fixed that. So I think you will see, as we go through 2012, we will be and are the number one supplier going into Samsung.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, I was wondering if you could comment on Nokia. I think they still make phones?
Liam K. Griffin: They make a lot of phones. Yes, I mean, Nokia continues to be a very important customer of Skyworks. We've been gaining share for quite a while. We like their new lineup of Windows Mobile phones. Our portfolio there goes all from the low-end to the mid-end to the smartphone space. We expect to be leveraging every aspect of our technology, from multi-mode designs, to low-end GSM, to WLAN, ASM and the whole portfolio. So we expect a good year at Nokia.
David J. Aldrich: We have a solid majority of the 2G products which for them, a very high volume. We had been writing, we've had to write down the Symbian portfolio which is kind of well-understood, but that was also where we had more than 50% share and that's not been a great performer as they've gone through that transition. But we have a great position on the Windows platforms.
Operator: Moving forward, we will go to Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question is just a quick clarification on the margin outlook for next quarter. Was that 44% to 44.5% or was that 44% to 45%
David J. Aldrich: No, 44% to 44.5%
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: 44.5%, okay. And then, I guess my follow-up question is looking at the margin profile next quarter as you -- slight tick down, is that more to do with mix. I'm assuming because you talked about weakness in wireless infrastructure, since those are marginally accretive, is that more to do with anything, given your in-line fabs are essentially fully-utilized? And then I guess beyond that, how should we look at margins going forward, is it -- will it be more of a function of mix, pricing or margin improvements in SiGe. I mean, if you can kind of talk to those 3, I'd really appreciate it?
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I mean, the margin, if you look at where the margins are, we do have some reduced volume and revenue that always has some impact on the fixed cost structure. And we've got the layering in. And as Liam talked about with SiGe, the revenue contribution for SiGe and the margin associated with that is slightly below Skyworks' average and then there is some mix change within the infrastructure portfolio. On a go forward basis, we typically say -- and if you go back and look historically, what we contribute for every dollar of incremental revenue. We typically contribute 48% to 52%, so we don't see that changing. We don't see any mixed phenomena out there that's going to change our ability to continue to expand as we add revenue. And that's the right way to think about it and model it.
Operator: Next question will be from Dale Pfau with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: One of the things that I wondered, because of your debt to penetration at all your customers and so on, at what point do you just sort of follow the trajectory of the phone industry or maybe even the smartphone industry, because it's almost impossible to have 100% share sometimes even over 50% share there? And then my follow-up to that is, could you talk a little bit more in detail, about the competitive landscape out there, it looks like there's some shift, looks like we're going to see more shifts next year and how you see that playing out?
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think on the market share side, we're very fortunate to be in a business where the unit volumes continue to expand and the dollar content within those devices continues to expand even faster. So we've got more complexity which is driving despite ASP pressure. Normally ASP pressure, the dollar content continues to rise and the content for us continues to rise as we have now, successfully developed platforms that sits side-by-side with our traditional front-end module business like GPS, like our mobile connectivity and so on. So the market continues to grow. And our share, while it is the highest in the industry, we've got a lot of room to move. We've got a lot of upside potential here. I mean, there are sockets that we're going to go win. There are customers where we're definitely under-weighted in. There are basebands where we are extremely well lined up. And as I discussed, there are basebands where we're only now becoming sort of a formal preferred reference design partner, so we've got a lot of headway to continue to increase. And I think the competitive landscape, Dale, the second half of your question, continues to evolve the way I mentioned earlier. I think in the sort of low-end segment of the market which is getting smaller fortunately, because it's the lowest dollar content, we make money there, but it's the lowest dollar content. You see less performance-oriented, more price-competitive, more price-driven competitors and we compete there with a lineup that allows us to leverage our lowest cost structure. But then as you move up the food chain, it's increasingly performance, performance, performance, so the discrete -- completely discrete companies tend do get hurt and those that can play in various architectural choices of levels of integration, everything from a high-end converged multimode to something in between, a performance-oriented hybrid, to something that is more discrete and very high-performance. We're in each and every one of those sockets and we're finding our competitors to be increasingly niche. Good, but niche.
Operator: And moving along, we will hear from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Dave, you talked about -- you announced today the win at Samsung with the hybrid, the 77606 and 77604. I mean, I wanted to get some idea on timing on these parts. Have they -- are they considered new parts or they have been around production right from the beginning of the year? And I'm trying to focus on some of the displacement that you suffered at the hands of someone like Avago, were these parts in that mix or are they new, they seem to have gained some traction at Samsung and I'm just wondering how prevalent or how powerful they'll be in gaining share back or gaining new sockets in 2012?
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, this is Liam. Well, the devices that were announced relative to Samsung are new products, but they're products that have been fully tested and characterized and they're market-ready. We've done a great deal of work with Samsung. As Dave noted, they're one of our leading accounts, so there's been a great deal of applications support and hand-holding as we've ramped those designs. And as you look at multimode, every customer, every baseband have their nuances. We certainly strive to maximize our exposure with many of these. And much of the time, the work is reference design-related. It's working very closely in the labs, characterization and getting the OEM-specific requirements married up with the baseband and our solutions, so it's a great deal of work across each one of those parties.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: So were these tools in your quiver, say, a year ago, or are they something that's production ready only in the last quarter or 2?
Liam K. Griffin: No, they’re production ready in the last couple of quarters and they've gone to the design cycle here in the last several months. So I would say, not a year ago, but last several months.
Operator: At this time, we will hear from Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked. But just -- I want to touch real quickly on the low-end kind of Chinese handset market if I could real quick. It sounds like RDA is taking -- RDA is doing pretty well in that market. I know you guys have Axiom as well, kind of attacking the low-end GSM markets. But I'm curious as to how you guys view kind of the emerging smartphone markets, especially in that geography. Are you guys well-positioned there and can you walk us through maybe how you view the next year for those low-end smartphones?
David J. Aldrich: I think the low-end smartphones is disruptive enough in that market that it really changes the customer set. I'll buy a lot and it definitely changes the supply chain. So I think the companies you're talking about who can compete on the low-end are not going to be successful. They're not nearly as successful on the high-end because it's not of our low. It's still -- even though it's a low-end smartphone, it's still a smartphone. So I think the performance degradation that customers get when they go to some of the companies you mentioned is not something that we're going to accept in the smartphone, maybe okay in kind of a very low-end feature phone, sort of very low-end 2G phone. I also think in the OEM base changes a little bit, because remember, there were literally hundreds of customers, indigenous suppliers in China that had availed themselves of complete service chipset providers like Mediatech and others. And those customers did okay in that market. They were able to have very few people low barrier to entry-level phones. It's not nearly as low a barrier-to-entry when you start talking about smartphone-s. I think it gives an opportunity for the traditional chipset players in China to come up with -- to continue to penetrate that market. But I think the OEMs will need -- the brands will need more investments. So I'd look at strength in big companies in that region, like maybe Huawei, maybe ZTE. I'd look at the foreign brands in Korea and elsewhere in North America to come in strong into that market, leveraging brand recognition and performance. So I think it changes it a lot.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And so, David, my follow-up, if we start to see that market really take off, especially in those geographies, I mean, which I guess, most of what we're expecting it to. How do we view your dollar content going forward in that the mix changes towards more of those types of phones?
David J. Aldrich: The dollar content is really roughly 3x. It's fully 3x in even the lowest end smartphones and what one would expect to see in a low-end 2G or feature phone.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions in queue. I'll turn things back over to David Aldrich for any additional or closing remarks.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for participating on today's call and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam Griffin - Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Analog David Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stephen Ferranti - 
Analysts: Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co. Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Robbie. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks' Third Fiscal Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview, followed by Don's financial view and outlook. We'll then an open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from a non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David Aldrich: Thank you, Steven, and welcome everyone. I'm very pleased to report another strong quarterly performance by Skyworks. We exceeded prior guidance across all key metrics. And based on recent design win activities, see a strong growth trajectory heading into the second half of 2011, driven by our compelling product portfolio, which continues to enable us to take share, our unique scale advantages, our customer and market diversity, as well as consistent operational execution, And specifically during the quarter, we delivered revenue of $356 million, which included $6.5 million of revenue from our recent acquisition of SiGe Semiconductor. Excluding the SiGe contribution, revenue would've been $350 million, and that's up 27% year-over-year organically. We expanded our profit margins with gross margins improving by 166 basis points and operating margins increasing by 430 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And as a result, we delivered strong operating leverage, as exhibited by our operating income being up 54% year-over-year to nearly $100 million. We're hearing $0.49 in diluted EPS, and we generated $86 million in cash flow from operations. We exited with more than $310 million in cash and this is after accounting for the SiGe acquisition and for stock repurchase activity during the quarter. And today, we're guiding the current quarter, September, to be a Skyworks record $400 million, with $0.53 of diluted earnings per share. And to put these results in perspective, during a challenging quarter for some of our market and OEM customers, our core business was up 6% sequentially last quarter, and our September quarter guidance has been accelerating sequential growth. And what's more, our unit shipments of 3G front-end modules were up over 100% versus last year. And at the same time, our high-performance analog product line grew at more than 3x the rate of the broader analog market. And our revenue has grown by 34% year-to-date. As our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook demonstrate, we're riding a very strong momentum and have a deep pipeline of growth opportunities spanning both our handset and our high-performance analog product lines. We see an expanding set of addressable market opportunities across the board. The rising RF dollar content and increasing complexity associated with the proliferation of smartphones and an array of other mobile Internet devices is fueling our TAM growth and providing a unique opportunity to extend our market leadership. Of note, Ericsson recently estimated that broadband mobile subscriptions were on track to surpass 1 billion mark in 2011. So that's up from just 0.5 billion only months ago. And more importantly, analysts are now forecasting that by 2015, mobile broadband subscriptions will reach nearly 4 billion, that's a fourfold increase over the next few years. And to that end, we see the advent of cloud computing applications as a major driver. Wireless connectivity is a key enabler of this enormous macro trend, as the cloud relies on anytime, anywhere access; whether it's for corporate data or personal music, photo, video. In fact, we're in the lab today with some of our major smart phone and tablet customers, developing solutions for just these applications. And by all accounts today, tablets are the next must-have device for consumers globally. Specifically, the Tablet segment is expected to grow at nearly 80% compounded annual rate for the next few years. And by 2014, we estimate that this category could represent nearly $0.5 billion in incremental TAM for Skyworks. And some market analysts suggest shipments could reach 70 million units this year alone, which is remarkable, as this product category didn't exist just a short time ago.  Now another big factor behind the rise in the mobile cloud is the pace of LTE rollout, and it's accelerating. In fact, earlier this year, the Global mobile Suppliers Association, or GSMA (sic) [GSA], noted that LTE is developing faster than other mobile technology ever. Currently, there are 20 LTE networks in commercial operation, with over 150 LTE deployments in progress in 60 countries around the world. The number of commercially operational LTE networks is expected to increase fourfold between now and just the end of 2012. So for Skyworks, these market dynamics translate into significant, long-term growth opportunities as the proliferation of LTE networks is creating an entirely new set of operating frequency bands that are currently being designed into tomorrow's mobile Internet access systems. On a standalone basis, LTE accounts for more than 15 new frequency bands worldwide, 15 new bands. Next generation smartphones, many of which will support global roaming, will include a combination of multiple LTE bands, along with full backward compatibility to 3G and 2G bands. As a result, the high-end LTE platforms we're currently architecting for 2012 are some of the highest dollar-content devices we've ever supported, with some containing as many as a dozen of addressable sockets for Skyworks. The addressable opportunity within these platforms ranges from products like RF front-end engines and multiple discrete 3G and 4G bands, to antenna switch modules and diversity switches, to wireless networking transmit and receive modules.  Now specifically of note here in the quarter, we powered multiple smart phone models that were recently launched by a major handset OEM using our converged, multimode, multiband products. And we began ramping our converged solution within several upcoming models of the Galaxy SII platform at Samsung, as well as other customers. In the quarter, we secured multiple PA duplexer designs in a leading forthcoming tablet, and we are now in production across a number of customers with these PAD products. We captured multiple LTE sockets in a major upcoming smart phone release by HTC. And we sampled our first BAW filter-based 3G product in support of Band II applications. Our PAD product line now spans all major operating frequency brands and it’s gaining traction. Okay. Now switching gears to analog. The organization structure that we recently announced as our high-performance Analog business highlights our strong standing commitment to increase the diversification into new markets. With this organization now firmly in place, we're focused on increasing our market share in existing markets, and while at the same time identifying new addressable vertical market opportunities. In many cases, in fact, we see similarities in the dynamics between these new product areas and our Handset business. In both of these, we're addressing high growth markets, where RF complexity is increasing, and we're able to capture more dollar content. With the recent addition of the SiGe portfolio, we see our momentum increasing. These growth areas are key to our long-term strategy as they help increase our diversification, deepen our level of customer engagements and improve our corporate margin profile. During the quarter, we captured share in a number of diverse applications with new customers, specifically, we won multiple networking sockets within a forthcoming Internet TV platform. We enabled wireless connectivity at all 3 market-leading gaming console OEMs. We unveiled high-power RF filters for military and for home security markets. And we secured design wins for our high-power switches, modulators and digital attenuators with a leading supplier base stations for the rapidly growing TD-LTE China market. And finally, we ramped up Optocouplers solutions for medical, industrial and for satellite applications.  So in closing, our third fiscal quarter marked another strong performance for Skyworks, and we believe that our strategy of diversifying across baseband partners and customers and entering new vertical markets, while continuously improving operational execution, is clearly working. Now, before I turn it over to Don. I'd like to take a moment to add further color to our outlook. Over the past several months, we've received a great deal of investor interest in specific program launches and their potential impact on our ability to grow, and I'd like to address this. As the market share leader and as part of our normal course of business, we bid on literally dozens of sockets each and every quarter. And we don't win every socket. No one does. But on an aggregate, we win more than our fair share. And to be more specific, Skyworks has not lost any customers, nor have we been excluded from any major platforms. And if you look back over time, we've consistently proven our ability to grow, both in terms of revenue and profitability, despite the share shifts within our customer base and through some fairly choppy markets. We've just guided for a record September. And for Skyworks, we expect to continue to grow in December, both in an organic and a consolidated basis. This highlights the real power of our diversification strategy. And many of you who know us are familiar with our track record of focus on execution. So in summary, given the multiyear revenue drivers we've discussed, along with our design win traction, our expanding customer base and new market opportunities, Skyworks is well-positioned to continue to outpace this industry growth, not only in the second half of 2011, but in 2012 and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it over now to Don for his financial review.
Donald Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone. I'll first provide a quick summary of our third fiscal quarter results, and then outline our business outlook for the fourth quarter. Revenue for the period was $356 million, which included a $6.5 million contribution from SiGe. Excluding SiGe, third quarter revenue would've been $349.5 million versus our guidance of $345 million and up 27% year-over-year organically. Gross profit was $160 million or 44.9% of revenue, representing a 166 basis point year-over-year expansion. Operating expenses were $62.5 million, R&D for the quarter was $38.8 million and SG&A was $23.6 million, yielding $97.5 million of operating income and a 27.4% operating margin. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $100,000 of expense, while cash taxes were $4.4 million, resulting in a 5% tax rate. As a result, our net income was $93 million or $0.49 of diluted earnings per share, $0.03 better than our guidance. Turning to our third quarter balance sheet and cash flow, we generated $86 million in cash flow from operations, attributable to our strong operating results and invested $20 million in capital expenditures during the quarter. As the sequential decline in CapEx suggests, our CapEx has now begun to moderate back towards steady state levels, as we have completed the majority of our capacity investments in both Mexicali and Newbury Park. Depreciation for the second quarter was $15 million, and we ended the quarter nearly debt free with a cash balance of $310 million, post the roughly $210 million for the acquisition of SiGe and $19 million as part of our ongoing share repurchase program. Now to our business outlook. As Dave outlined, the stage is set for Skyworks to again outperform our addressable markets throughout the back half of 2011 and into 2012. We are well positioned to expand margins, deliver operating leverage and most importantly, to create shareholder value. For the current quarter, we are guiding revenue to be $400 million, with a $20 million to $25 million contribution from our SiGe acquisition and nothing yet assumed for our planned acquisition of Advanced Analogic. We'll provide commentary on the accretion for AATI during our fourth quarter conference call. At the aggregate $400 million level, we suggest modeling gross margins of $44.6 million to 45% and operating expenses of roughly $70 million. Below the line, we expect $200,000 of net interest and other expense, and we plan on our cash tax rate for Q4 to be 7%. As a result, we expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.53 off of a base of 193 million shares. Well, that concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, you can go ahead and open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Maybe we can follow on that a little bit more, specifically regarding the transitions in market shares that you've talked about. Do you see any material fall-off in your core revenue, excluding SiGe, over the next 2 to 3 quarters? Or something that would make your performance relative to the market not comparable for a period of an adjustment? Or do you think you have enough diversity in your portfolio to maneuver through that? As you just said, business as normal, kind of things, ebb and flow.
David Aldrich: Yes, and I think as the current quarter and our outlook being up organically 7% sequentially, we also commented that we expected to grow in December. Hopefully, that answers part of your question. And as you mentioned, our performance and outlook isn't dependent on any one OEM or any one or 2 platforms. In the normal course of business, we bid on dozens of sockets, dozens and dozens of sockets. We don't win every one. But in aggregate, we win more than our share. And as I said, we haven't lost any single customers. We haven't been excluded from any major platforms. So I think our outlook speaks for itself. And certainly, we think it is the -- we are the beneficiary of a longstanding strategy to continue to diversify our business, both at a customer level and a market level.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And as a follow-up, want to get in, Don, into a little bit of the details around SiGe. Can you tell us, have you completed the OpEx realignment of that business? And at this point, how do we think about the headwind or contribution, whatever that may be, of SiGe, both to the gross margin line and operating margin line? And how should we think about that evolving through fiscal '12, at least directionally?
Donald Palette: Ittai, this is Don. We've -- we're, in fact, we had detailed plans in place even prior to the closing as exactly what direction we're going to go on as far as realigning the expense base. So we made a lot of progress. We continue to work through that. The guidance that you've received for Q4 has the Skyworks core operating expenses, pretty good estimate of where the SiGe expenses are going to be. There's also some increases in there. We're making some investments. And R&D headcount continue to execute against some market opportunities going forward. So based on what you're seeing for Q4 and, again, that's all prior to any AATI acquisition, that's a good proxy for what's going to go forward, normal types of increases. So that's the way I would think about it. As far as SiGe, for 2012, we don't guide beyond one quarter. We've given you the $20 million to $25 million, and we're currently working through on a revenue standpoint, an extensive review rationalization of the product portfolio as we align it with our Mobile Connectivity business. And we view the 2012 growth opportunities as attractive. As you know, from the information on the S-4 related to SiGe that their margins are slightly below our corporate average right now. We have specific plans in place. In very short order, we're going to drive those up to the Skyworks corporate average. We'd expect that to be sometime in the late 2012. So those are well on their way, and we feel real confident with that. And as a result, you can model that with what you know; and the acquisition is instantly accretive, we've already demonstrate.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about LTE, first, what demand are you actually seeing? When do you suppose it becomes really significant volumes? Is that in 2012, is it 2013? And also, could you talk about the complexity of front ends that are needed there? Do you need to -- do you have all the products you need or are you going to have to acquire more to sort of capture more of that complexity?
David Aldrich: Well, clearly, the complexity as we mentioned there, it's really mind-boggling to think that up to 50 new frequency bands. So the level of complexity, depending upon how broadly our customers want these devices to roam, is all over the map. But in all cases, increasing in complexity. So it is not 2015, it's 2012, it's now, in fact. We're starting to see some early rollouts, a lot of design activity with very specific program launches late this year, 2012, accelerating throughout 2012 and we think 2013. And I'll say there is nothing that we need. These technologies are quite consistent with what we've used in 3G; from a process, packaging, design, methodology, toolset. We have, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we have been working very, very closely with the world's largest and best, we think, both capitalized and technology wise, the best duplexer and filters suppliers. So we've rounded out, we added the Band II, which had been a gap for us. We've added that to a profile which is now complete. So that was the one area where we've made a great deal of investment in time and energy with our partners to have products that both meet the forward pricing curves of the market, but also overall performance. So I'd say that was the one area we needed to work on. We've done that. I would say, no, we don't need -- we certainly don't need to acquire any technology for LTE that we haven't already -- that we don't already have in place for 3G.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG: And just one more question, what percent of your revenue was analog?
Donald Palette: Jonathan, the linear high performance analog was just north of 25%, and our handsets, smartphones were a little bit below 75% for the quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sujeeva De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: Following up on the filter announcement you have. Is there a reason you waited this long for to have a BAW filter for Band II? And is there an advantage for someone having it in-house versus you guys outsourcing that?
David Aldrich: No, there wasn't any strategy to wait until now. We needed to have a highly competitive product. So we were, as we would design the PA and the MCM technology around that band, we were working with our partners. And there's been a little challenge at that band to get to the size and height requirements. So certainly it wasn't strategic. We needed to get the product ready for the market and to meet all specifications, costs. But I think the real gate on Band II, unlike the other bands, is that size, specifically height, in some applications. And as we’ve talked about before, we have partnered with filters suppliers, we make some ourselves. For the most part, we buy them when we include the MCM. And the reason for that is filter technology is apparently not integrated at the chip level. It's often not integrated at the module level, but sometimes it is for technical or cost reasons. And what we have found and what you'll see as the market progresses here is that by partnering with the best in the world, you're able to play, for example, SAW filter tends to be much cheaper. It also tends to be a little bigger. But it improves over time, moves up in frequency, tends to display its other more expensive technology. We like to be able to play that shift. And over time, the very well capitalized leaders in filters drive down their marginal cost curve and price it a point at which we don't think you can make the kind of margins our investors expect. So consistent with our strategy to buy -- to make what we need to make, to have a differential competitive advantage and buy the merchant market the best technology, this strategy is working for us. But we did have to fill that Band II gap.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: And then for Don, is it timely now to revisit the target model since you've hit $400 million of revenues? What you talked about before was acquistions or with that really require waiting until AATI to flesh that out?
Donald Palette: Yes, that's exactly right. If you look at the original, the model we have in place now that we'd come out and we communicated that at $375 million to $400 million, that we were going to be at 30% operating margin. The core business is still on track for that. Nothing's changed at all there. But now that we've layered in SiGe, as we said, right now, the product margins are a little bit below the corporate average. And as well, the OI percentage is slightly below the corporate average. We see a clear path for that changing by the end of 2012; and those being on par, if not better, in fact, depending on the growth rate. So what we're going to do is with that being incorporated into the business and AATI being layered in, we're going communicate to you once those are closed, and we've got full quarters of revenue and expenses for everybody to assimilate into their models then we'll communicate to you what the new operating model is for the company. But keep in mind, at one point what's really important is the core operating model is still intact, and there's no changes to that.
Operator: We'll go next to Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: The first question is about just disconnect between the revenue growth you're seeing, versus some of your handset OEM and some of the baseband guys. So how do you explain that disconnect, is it basically the content or it is share gains? What is going on there?
David Aldrich: I presume you mean by that, our growth rate being higher?
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Yes.
David Aldrich: It's a couple of things. One is, and absolutely, is an ongoing increase in content. I think what many find difficult to model, because it is complicated, is netting pricing against increased content, factoring in levels of integration where multiple PA frequencies can be integrated on a dyad [ph]. It is a complicated algorithm. But the directionally, it is increased content per phone, per device, per tablet is increasing, and looks to continue to do so here for the next few years. LTE being one of the drivers. So that's one. Another is we really do, unlike maybe some competitors or customers, we are quite diversified. So we really do -- we ship to everybody. We partner with all the baseband folks. We try to service them all equally well. And as a result, we don't get whip sore quite as much when you see big shifts in OEM, for example. We weathered high concentration years ago with customers that lost a lot of share, we were able to kind of power through that. So we're pretty proud of that, and it's a function of diversification. We also, as I said in our prepared comments, we've literally grown over High Performance Analog business. Although the group product lines, about 3x the growth rate of analog, which has been high single digits. And that's been a lot of hard work in identifying where we have a competitive advantage in the vertical and then doing customizes that import not only high margin, but they stick and certainly will have a very long product life cycle. But I have to say, it is that, it is new customers within our targeted Handset business, it's new vertical markets and it's raising content.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: And then the other question is about the second half of the year. Just wanted to drill down further and for the December quarter, should we assume that it could potentially be better than seasonality or in line with seasonality? Is that the right way to think about it?
David Aldrich: We don't guide to December. But we will grow, and it is our expectation, as is always the case with Skyworks, that we have opportunities to shake share that play out both in the short, medium and long term. So I'm sorry, we don't guide to December. But we'll grow the business in December, and we'll continue to work out taking share.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the Nathan Johnsen with Pacific Crest Securities.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Coming back to the discussion on the BAW filter and you guys competing for Band II sockets, are you guys in a position where you're competing for those now? Or are you sampling those customers and expect to compete for design, say, next year? Just some color around the timing of revenue, that would be fantastic. And then key customer Nokia, I just wondering if I could get a little insight as to the puts and takes there. You guys have clearly been benefiting from a platform transition there and you guys seem pretty well positioned to benefit from Windows Phone 7, but there's clealy been some headwinds just overall for that company. Just wondering if we should expect growth of that account in maybe fiscal 2012 versus fiscal 2011? And then one last question, just I guess, more near-term macro, given some of the risks or some of the concerns surrounding Europe and debt in the U.S., wondering if you're seeing any change in behavior on the part of OEMs could there potentially be a more conservative heading into the holiday phone season?
David Aldrich: Well, thank you, there's a lot there. Let me talk about Band II and then maybe I'll switch it over to Liam. He could talk about Nokia a bit. With respect to Band II, that was the one hole in our lineup for reasons I described, mostly size related. But the product now is fully characterized and validated and simulated. So as we sampled these now, we have high visibility into sockets now that will ramp relatively quickly. So it is in the future for Band II, but it was an area that we needed to address. And then the last part of your question, the overall market, no, we're not seeing any hedging in terms of -- most of our customers are in hubs. They need to pool what they're building, and they look to aggressively take share where there's opportunity to do so. So I don't see any OEM that's coming back and being conservative or for global macroeconomic reasons. They're all, just, I think slugging it out and trying to take as much share a whole lot to the base as they possibly can. Liam, maybe you can talk about Nokia?
Liam Griffin: Sure. With respect to Nokia, as we stated before, we are today a major supplier to Nokia. We're shipping in all corners of their business; GSM, 3G, EDGE, even converged platforms. And our market share at Nokia has been growing steadily, but having said that, we're still now just about a third of their PA business. So there's room for us to grow. And if there are share shifts from Nokia to other OEMs, we're very well positioned to capitalize. And in fact, our prevailing amplifier share globally is about 40%. So if the share moves, we're likely to pick up elsewhere.
Operator: We'll go next to the Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Just a couple of questions. First, on 5G. I know quarters are not linear, they did 6.5 for a partial June, they did about $100 million last year. You guided to kind of mid or low $20 million, $25 million of that business. Just curious, that typically is the seasonally stronger quarter for them. Are you looking -- are you paring back product lines? Or is there something going on seasonally for them? That's my first question.
Donald Palette: Blayne, as I mentioned earlier when I talked about the SiGe outlook for 2012, we're absolutely going through the pruning exercise and doing the rationalization of the product portfolio, especially when you align it with our own Global Connectivity business. So that's part of it. And quite frankly, the other part if it is it's a new business. We're integrating it in our processes and trying to hold all that in and we're being a little bit conservative as well. It's a combination of those things.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: And when you look forward, is this the base or is there still some more of that work to? As far as the pruning of the product line?
Donald Palette: No, will be through that in pretty short order. That won't be a year-long process.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Dave, just looking over to emerging countries, China and some of the faster growing reasons for handsets, some of the larger vendors in China, I'm sure those markets have talked about increased smart phone mix recently. Can you just talk about how you're positioned with some of the bigger vendors there?
David Aldrich: Yes, we've done, I think you're right about that. I think the one area that may in fact be underrepresented, we think, is the rate at which there'll be adoption of 3G products and networks in places like China or in developing markets. And in fact, we see it now, there's just so much demand the carriers are pushing for it. It's a little different rollout, a little bit of architecture in some cases. So we do think that's a high growth opportunity. And we're servicing in a couple of different ways: One is Mediatech has been a partner of us for a long time. We're the share leader there. We're working very hard with them. We have 3G products integrated with their solutions, and so we think they'll be a player there. They have competition, we’re doing the same thing, with their indigenous local competitors. And we're pushing, obviously, very hard to continue to increase our share in content with our existing customer base that will be importing into those markets. So it really -- we do think it's a growth opportunity. We do think it may be underrepresented in many models, and we think we're very well positioned there.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And then in your prepared comments, you talked about expanding your vertical market opportunities. And I wasn't clear if you were referring to tablets when you did mention of some of those opportunities or if there were other things that the company had started to target. So clarification there would be appreciated.
Liam Griffin: This is Liam. Yes, we're looking at a number of things. One of the areas now we're starting to work on are GPS. We're looking at GPS LNAs. We're very close to our first design wins in that category. It creates a nice adjacent sales to what we're doing with our Wireless business now. If you look at SiGe extension, not only does that give us a real strong leadership position in 802.11, they also have a Zigbee portfolio that allows us to get deeper into the home automation space. Those are a couple of good examples. I think there's a lot more we'll talk about as we get into 2012. But as Dave articulated, the real mission for HPA is to continue to diversify, look at markets that have high gross margin, high growth and an opportunity to dovetail with our sales and marketing teams.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley: Just want to follow up on Blayne's question regarding the SiGe contribution. Was wondering if there's any more color you can provide just on as you're going through the pruning process, anything you can give us with respect to kind of long-term growth rates of SiGe? How do you view that? If we assume kind of a $20 million to $25 million run rate now, is that kind of -- what kind of growth do you expect there relative to the core business that you have today?
Liam Griffin: Yes, this is Liam. We are very bullish on wireless connectivity as a market, as a segment. If you think about all these great things that are happening in cellular, you typically have an 802.11 connection whether it's a smartphone, a tablet, an Internet-enabled TV; in some cases even additional consumer products, e-books, et cetera. So we're very bullish on this space. What we like about SiGe is they have great technology. The people that we find in this company are outstanding hard workers. The technology is incredible, and it's also complementary to our existing portfolio today at Skyworks. So as we bring these companies together as Don articulated, we really are at the early stages. We're going to look at the best core IP, how we together can couple and deliver and develop products that no one else in the market can offer. So we expect it to be one of fastest growing portfolios going into 2012. We'll give you more color as we move forward.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley: And then just secondly, quick question on internal utilization. Can you give us an update on how your internal SaaS were kind of utilized and how do you expect that to trend through the year?
Donald Palette: Sanjay, there's really no change from what we've been running at these levels for a considerable period of time. When you look -- and we talk about utilization from an equipment and facility standpoint. From an equipment standpoint, we're pretty much at a theoretical utilization, and we have been for some period of time. And from a building standpoint, probably 60%, 70%, which you couple that with the hybrid model where we do the in-source, outsource model, we can expand internal capacity very, very quickly by adding nominal CapEx investments. So that model's running really well for us. We had margin expansion again in Q3, and we think that's going to continue to 2012. So it's working very well.
Operator: We'll go next to Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC: Just wanted to come back to your comments about the December quarter. Do you think you can grow faster than the market in the December? Or do you just think you grow organically? And then I've got a follow-up.
David Aldrich: I think we can grow with the market and we have an opportunity to grow faster than the market.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC: And then just looking, you'd mentioned you sort of teased us with some of the LTE designs you're working on right now. Can you just sort of talk about a typical LTE configuration that you're seeing requested by OEMs? Is this a couple 3 bands of LTE? And for those LTE bands, what do you think the dollar content? Is it $1, $1.50, $2 kind of per band per LTE?
David Aldrich: Yes, actually, the LTE, the value that we see in LTE phones now gets into the double digits in terms of values. So you're looking at literally $10 to $12. Now there's different levels of integration. Sometimes, you'll see a Band XIII, a Band II, a Band I, a Band IV. And you'll also invariably see a very strong GSM EDGE device and even WCDMA. So you have backward compatibility to WCDMA, and further down to GSM or EDGE you have discrete LTE bands. And then in addition to that, there's a great deal of switching complexity and filter complexity. So in addition to the GaAs PAs that you may see from us, we also are leveraging more of our pHEMT and our SOI switching capability. And again, if you think about in your mind's eye here how you have these different devices, they all need to communicate. Power and signals need to be communicated. Now that's often than through switch. So the complexity goes way, way up, the dollar value goes way, way up. And our addressable content just continues to accelerate there.
Operator: We'll go next Edward Snyder whether Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: On the BAW thing real quick here, as you are aware, I'm sure, Avago and TriQuint are the only other 2 sources for high-performance BAW. And the Japanese source you’re using, obviously, has been working on for some time. They don't publish the specs, so I'm just curious, in your opinion, as it relates to developments brought in with parity in terms of performance both in filter performance itself and in size, and then given how tough this area is, is pricing on it going to be a problem for stack margins? Or do you think you can cut a deal or your relationship with them will allow you to get to that attractive enough cost that you compete with the other 2 who are building it internally? And then on the fourth quarter comments about revenue growth, is any part of that include AATI quarterly revenue? Obviously, within the $20 million to $30 million range. Are you counting on any of that to achieve your comments about the top line growth in the fourth quarter?
David Aldrich: No, we're not. We're assuming -- we're not putting any AATI in our guidance. So you should assume when you model that there's 0 AATI. As far as filters, the size parity is equal. So that's not an issue. And when we talk about performance, the performance of the filters themselves are best in class. And there's nobody better in the world than companies like [indiscernible], for example, and Panasonic and others. So the performance of filter is good. As you probably know, the trick is being able to spend enough time with those filters to tune them, to match them to the amplifier and to get the overall transmit path to have the lowest current consumption, the best harmonics and so on. So you need to work with them a little bit. And then that feedback [indiscernible], "How do you create both the best filter, the MCM, the best matching, the best PA so that the whole transmit path gives you the lowest current consumption and the best overall RF performance. And that's taken some time, but it is absolutely at parity. And in fact, on the cost side, I would put forth that over time, it will be a cost advantage not to try to make these filters. Because when you think about it, there are going to be a lot of competing filters -- because there are a lot of multiple competing filter technologies that are going to try to move up the frequency band, frequency range. For example, surface acoustic filters are inherently cheaper than the bulk acoustic that has a lot of process steps, and the rest here are really big and well capitalized. It's hard to have every band in a complete rollout of multi-band designs, pads and do that all internally. So you tend to have to be kind of niched and focused on certain bands. We don't have that -- we don't have the problem. We can play BAW versus SAW. And I'll tell you from experience of 20 years in this business, what happens is as these bands become more common in the market and the band combinations become more common in the market, which will happen, even in this sort of crazy LTE world today, these filter guys will solve it and then boy, as soon as they do, they drive down their marginal cost curve and they'll price it exactly where they need to and then it'll be really hard for small-ish filter companies to make any money. So we think the gross margin is better to be a procurer of merchant filters than it would be to do it internally. And over time, that disadvantage of being an internal supplier will become more acute, because nobody will beat these guys on price, nobody.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: That speaks to exactly my next question, which is that sounds like the combination of the GaAs, in terms of how you're matching to the BAW filters because, really, in a pad, it's the entire system, it isn't just the filter, it's a standalone basis itself. So you've been working with them and it's the combination of the filter and your GaAs that you’re suggesting is going to be competitive with some of these internal guys. And Skyworks had an effort in BAW back in '04, right? I'm sure that you're well aware of expenses of trying to do a BAW. Is that what you're speaking to in terms of a lot of companies have tried it. It turns out to be hugely expensive and complicated. So that's the investment in [indiscernible] doing that?
David Aldrich: The process is just so complex. So what we found was that unless you could drive a megafactory with a great deal of utilization, you had a real total cost disadvantage. And frankly, even though our BAW filters were pretty good. When we then said, "What does it take to address the entire market?" it was mind-boggling. And so you've got folks who have invested billions in this business, and they've got highly utilized, state-of-the-art factories, and we just -- there was no way we could compete. It wasn't going to provide a differential advantage to our customers. It's a classic example of just don't try to beat them, go out and join them. Buy it, partner with them. And one thing that's interesting because it's not lost on these folks that having access into smartphones and tablets is absolutely key to their business model. And our competitors have that technology internally. So we have become the partner of choice. We're the bigger -- we sell more PAs than anybody in the world, and we have a path to all the customers that they covet. So let me tell you, if there's a motivation on anybody's part to partner, it's these very same filter companies.
Operator: We'll go next to Dale Pfau with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Could you talk just a little bit about the architecture you're seeing going forward, that you're bidding on now for production in '12 and '13? Is there any particular direction people are leaning on the front-end architectures, Dave?
David Aldrich: Well, Dale, one of the things that we're seeing, we talked a lot about is the need for performance is really stepping up; the need for multiple bands, roaming, data handling. Invariably now, these devices, smartphones and tablets are going to manage high-speed data, high-speed video, cloud computing. So we are seeing that. The value of the product that we deliver's going up. The complexity is going up, and competitive landscape needs to meet that challenge. So we do see content increasing. We see the companies that have the R&D capabilities and the IP to deliver not just one band or 2 band, but really, the full-scope LTE, WCDMA, the backward compatibility, the GSM and also the switching and filtering. I think the companies that have that combination, they're very few. Those are the companies that are going to win.
Dale Pfau - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: But you aren't seeing a trend towards fully converged hybrids discrete pads?
David Aldrich: No. In fact, we're seeing that's it's kind of interesting, particularly at the tablet side and on the high-end smartphones, it's all about performance. And as LTE's coming online believe it or not, those platforms tending to go a little more discrete. Some of them place towards converge early and the performance is okay. So it's sort of all over the map. We're seeing very discrete designs. We're seeing hybrid somewhere in between pads, discrete, coupled with a multiband EDGE device for example, and then we're seeing fully converged. It's hard to say, but I would say today, the vast majority, going forward, in our estimate would be some form of a hybrid design, with the minority being fully converged or fully discrete.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum Capital.
Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Dave, if you won't mind talking a little bit more in detail in China in terms of ASP and content growth either going from 2G to 2.5G to 3G. Love to hear your views there. I think you've said in the past, ultimately, you think you can get to $3 per phone on average on a full-fledged 3G. Also, Dave, if you won't mind talking about your view on reference design tractions for you guys heading into 2012? And then before I forget, Don, 2 questions, is it the same 3 10% customers, and also any changes what's your view on tax rate for fiscal 2012?
David Aldrich: Well, I think was your question on dollar content, was it specifically China?
Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Yes, China.
David Aldrich: That's a great question because it's not obvious that there will be as many platforms that really want to roam globally that will be produced for the China market. And in fact, there are some customers that are really pushing for a GPRS, 3G design, right? So that they can download in 3G speeds and upload at GPRS so you can bypass EDGE, that makes it little bit less expensive for mass consumption. And it's all about getting well below a $100 smartphone. I think that's going to happen. There'll be different configurations. It will increase the dollar because the dollar content in a 2G phone shipping in the low-end market, we typically address the very low end of that, the CMOS. And all CMOS design is pretty low today. So it is a 2x, if not a 3x or 4x content, even for those that won't have to roam very, very broadly.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And let me add, if you look at China, some of our fastest growing accounts in that, we've had a great position with Mediatech. We've talked a lot about that, largely in GSM. They are moving into 3G. But if you look at the real strength in our 3G business, it's Huawei and ZTE. And these companies are making not only phones, but also data cards and wireless modules. So we're seeing some upside. And if you indulge me a little bit, we'll jump into Taiwan and look at HTC. HTC is one of our fastest growing customers now, very powerful suite of smartphones where we're selling complete 3G solutions, EDGE devices, WCDMA band, a great deal of switching. So on the whole, greater China region, we are seeing that dollar content move up from what was $0.80 market per phone to something closer to the $2.50 to $3.50.
Donald Palette: Anthony, this is Don. On the tax rate, it's probably worth pointing out, we were at the lower tax rate this quarter. And basically, what we have to do on the tax accounting is you do an annual projection every quarter. And we started out the year at 8.5%, we dropped it to 7%. It now looks like we're going to be roughly a little bit below 7%. So you make that quarter to date, year to date adjustment, that's where you head to the 4.5%, and then we guided to the 7%. So the rate's going to end up roughly around 7% for the year. We're not going to give any more color. We've said to use around 11% in 2012. We really have to assimilate the acquisition to see what -- there's some NOLs and see what that means. We'll give you more color on that as we do that. But right now, the 11% is fine.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just a quick one, real quick. If I could, on the timing. I don't know if you answered this question, Dave, but on the timing of the BAW filter, when do you think we can start to see that come to market for you guys?
David Aldrich: You're talking exclusively about Band II because we're in the market with others.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: Sorry, Band II, yes.
David Aldrich: We're sampling that now so you should see that in 2012.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then in terms of how you think with the conversion PA solution, now that you're doing a conversion PA for the Galaxy 2 [Galaxy SII], and that seems to be a high end smartphone. And I know you just spoke about maybe the performance still matters, but do you think that maybe we might start to see some of even the higher end guys start to use a converged platform to try and drive down costs?
David Aldrich: I think you'll see some. I think you'll see some do that. I know you will. You'll see some customers are converting as we speak to converge. Some customers are going from converged away to more hybrid, believe it or not, because they have more interest in performance than a couple of back- and front-end content. And then we have everything in between; truly, everything between. The tablet, the high end products do tend to be, on average, more concerned with performance than they are with overall cost, with some exceptions and you just named one. So I think you'll see everything. I think if you look at 2013 as an example, I think the majority will be some kind of a hybrid. That's easy to say. That just simply means that there'll be some integrated bands with amplification. There'll be some bolt-on discrete. There'll be some filter amplifier technology. I think that'll be an architecture that will prevail, and converge will absolutely have its place and have a growing segment of the market. And I don't think there's very many phones that are truly, completely discrete; although there are few.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Dave, one of the arguments that I get is the bears make is, at some point, the dollar content story, the dollar increase content story starts to wear out. How do you guys think about that in terms of -- as these handset guys start to get a little bit more competitive on price, how do you guys think about your position in that? I mean, at some point, though, your dollar content can't increase anymore. How do you think about that?
David Aldrich: Well, there are 2 responses to the bears in that case, one is LTE. It's just not possible to integrate these bands and configurations and our customers in the market demands with LTE without having increased content. It's just not possible today. And so for a few years, you're going to see LTE continuing to become a play there. The other piece is that you will see increasingly a very high growth rate in smartphones and a decline in true 2G phones. And even the most low-end 3G integrated converged product you can think of, that doesn't need to roam, is incrementally 2x or 3x what a 2G call is today. So there really isn't, if you do the math, there isn't any scenario that doesn't show increase in content that I can dream of.
Liam Griffin: Right, and that's a very strict view of handsets. If you step back and look at what else is happening, clearly, tablets are taking off and cannibalizing notebooks. We really don't have any 3Gs or any cellular share. You see that taking off, and then other devices that we see enabled with wireless technology. The Wi-Fi capability now, we're seeing 2.4 gig and 5 gig devices, not integrated into the transceiver, which is projected but not discretely laid out in these devices. So as Dave said -- the smartphone tradeoff from $0.80, dollar level parts, CDMA is going to, GSM is going down. And we see the upside now with new devices like tablets.
Operator: And with that, we have no further questions. I'd like to turn the program back over to Mr. Aldrich for any additional or closing comments.
David Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you so much for participating on today's call, and we look forward to seeing you all at upcoming investor conferences.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam Griffin - Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Analog David Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stephen Ferranti - 
Analysts: George Iwanyc - CIBC Cody Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc. Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co. Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time I will turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Jake. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks Second Fiscal Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich; Don Palette and Liam Griffin. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview, followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may materially differ and adversely differ from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I'll now turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David Aldrich: Thank you, Steve, and welcome to our second fiscal quarter 2011 earnings call. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter of execution by the Skyworks team. Our financial results for the March quarter exceeded our prior guidance and significantly outpaced normal seasonal trends. In fact, our sequential revenue performance demonstrates how a diversification strategy and growth in new market segments are contributing to stronger financial results for our shareholders. We fully expect momentum achieved in the first half will translate into further market share gains during the remainder of the fiscal year throughout fiscal 2012 and beyond. Of note in the second quarter, we delivered revenue of $325 million, this represents year-over-year growth of 37%, with a seasonal impact of only 3% versus normal March quarter seasonality of 10% to 15%. We reported strong returns with gross margins of 43.9% and an operating margin of 26.1%. We grew operating income by 74% to $85 million, and we are in $0.41 per share. Now that's $0.02 better than our prior guidance. And we continue to improve our balance sheet. We generated $92 million in cash flow from operations, and we exited the quarter with a cash balance of $504 million. As our second fiscal quarter results indicate, our strategy is working, our business fundamentals are improving and our opportunity set is growing. The mobile Internet and an expanding set of addressable analog market opportunities are fueling an exciting growth of pipeline for us. First, mobile computing, and ubiquitous broadband connectivity continued to be the key drivers of our business. Even in the normally slow post-holiday season period, sales of smartphones and tablets have remained brisk, driven by exciting new product launches and the early rollout of 4G devices. Incidentally globally, the adoption rate of smartphones continues to significantly outpace the growth in the overall handset market by at least 4x. And in fact, smartphones still account for only about 25% of global handset shipments. We firmly believe this figure could easily double by the year 2014. And at the same time, subscribers are increasingly carrying multiple mobile devices. I think tablets are terrific example of this. The tablet market is forecasted to grow at a 78% compounded rate over the next four years. From less than $20 million last year to $200 billion by 2014. Interestingly, tablets are becoming more than just a consumer discretionary purchase, as they are finding their way into enterprises and new vertical market segments like healthcare, like education, like retail. Demand has thus far, exceeded most market analysts' initial expectations, and early indications are that tablets represent an incremental purchase and more and more often, these devices come embedded in 3G and 4G connectivity. So whether we're talking about smartphones, tablets, eReaders, portable gaming platforms or any other mobile Internet devices, one trend is clear. wireless connectivity is becoming more widespread and RF complexity is increasing, and the dollar content for us is rising. Skyworks is clearly capitalizing on consumers' skyrocketing demand to be connected anywhere and anytime. Now I'd like to spend just a moment on exactly how we're gaining share and why we win. Skyworks leverages a long heritage of deep systems level integration to engage in collaborative and highly customized development programs with our customers. We help to solve increasingly complex RF design challenges and reduce the size, lower the build material cost and increase performance. Leveraging on R&D scale, we are strategically engaged with each and every leading handset, smartphone and tablet OEM, as well as all baseband providers. This is across the entire spectrum of products from discrete implementation to highly integrated multimode converged platforms. We've staked out a market-leading position with our broad portfolio of high performance front-end modules and discrete WCDMA and LTE devices. Similarly, we are currently in high-volume production with our converged multimode platforms and we expect to see an accelerating rate of adoption across our customer base during the second half of this fiscal year. Now at a higher level, Skyworks is agnostic to our customers' architectural choices. Whether it's a discrete design, a PA Duplexer, multimode or some variation of all of these. And instead, we remain focused on leveraging our scale advantages our technology leadership, our integration capabilities and our unique product breadth. And this enables us to stay broadly engaged across our customer base versus wagering on a single approach. And this strategy has served us well and it will enable us to continue to gain share in the years to come. Now as evidence of this and towards this end, during the quarter, we powered an entirely new lineup of android-based smartphones and tablets from HTC, which leveraged our highly integrated front-end solutions. Likewise we were designed into multiple new sockets in key Samsung Galaxy smartphone platforms. We introduced a new family of antenna switch modules supporting a host of multimode smartphones, tablets and data cards.  Further we expanded our support of next generation Qualcomm MSM reference designs encompassing now WCDMA and LTE applications. And finally, we were honored to be the first semiconductor company ever to receive the 2010 best quality award from Samsung. This award recognizes Skyworks' excellence in overall product quality and our supply chain efficiency. This activity is reflection of the significant traction our mobile Internet business is gaining as we head into 2012. Okay now, switching gears for a moment, our linear products area continues to grow in near lockstep with our Mobile Internet business. And of course, this is dramatically outpacing the broader analog market growth. And now here, we are leveraging our catalog of precision analog products to address a broad variety of markets, including automotive, avionics, satellite, medical, military and industrial. And with our global customer base, it is now over 2,500 analog products, we continue to bolster our portfolio with each and every new product launches and each new customer engagement. We've successfully leveraged our growing and profitable Catalog Component business in the high-performance solutions from vertical markets as well like cellular infrastructure, like wireless networking and smart energy and home automation. These vertical market applications further increase our diversification, it deepen our level of customer engagements and help improve our margin profile.  And some recent example design activity here, we secured analog design wins with STMicroelectronics for their next generation IP television chipset reference design. We ramped production of precision analog IC supporting enterprise access points, cable set-top boxes and wireless video systems for Motorola and Cisco, among others. And without supporting General Dynamics with high-powered switching solutions for military land mobile radios. And we captured multiple infrastructure sockets with Ericsson, Huawei and ZTE for complex WCDMA base station transceivers. And finally a quick comment on Japan, our team has been actively engaged across all levels of the supply chain, and I think has done an excellent and outstanding job of ensuring business continuity. And while uncertainties obviously still remain in this area, we currently do not foresee any supply-chain impact. Of course, we'll continue to closely monitor the situation and we'll keep you posted if anything should materially change. So in closing, our second fiscal quarter was another strong one for Skyworks and the second half of fiscal 2011 is shaping up to be even more exciting. We believe that our strategy of diversifying across baseband partners, among OEM customers and new vertical markets while continuously improving operational execution is clearly working. Given the multiyear revenue drivers we've discussed, along with a design win momentum, our expanding customer base and new market opportunities, we intend to demonstrably outpace industry growth and not only the second half of 2011, but throughout 2012 and beyond. I'll now turn this over to Don for his financial review and outlook.
Donald Palette: Well thanks, Dave. And thanks again for joining us everyone. I will first provide a quick summary of our second fiscal quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the third fiscal quarter.  Revenue for the period was $325 million, up 37% year-over-year and ahead of our guidance for $310 million to $320 million. Gross profit was $142.9 million or 43.9% of revenue, a 160 basis point year-over-year expansion. Operating expenses were $57.9 million, in line with our prior outlook. R&D for the quarter was $35.2 million and SG&A was $22.7 million yielding $84.9 million of operating income and a 26.1% operating margin. That's a 560 basis-point improvement over the prior year. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $200,000 of expense, while cash taxes were $5.9 million, resulting in a 7% tax rate. As a result, our net income was $78.7 million or $0.41 of diluted earnings per share versus our guidance of $0.38 to $0.40. Turning to our second quarter balance sheet and cash flow, we generated $92 million in cash flow from operations and that's attributable to our strong operating results and second quarter collections.  We invested $32 million in capital expenditures during the quarter, reflecting process investments to complement our existing assembly and test capacity. We anticipate these investments to pay back within the fiscal year and improve our return on invested capital. I would point out that we have completed the majority of our capacity investments in Mexicali, and we anticipate that CapEx will begin to moderate back towards maintenance level over the next couple of quarters. Depreciation for the second quarter was $14.3 million, and we ended the quarter nearly debt-free with a cash balance of $504 million. These improvements highlight the progress we've made in our broader strategy to strengthen our balance sheet. Now to our business outlook.  Based on our broad customer base, diversification in the new markets and share gains, we are forecasting current quarter revenue to be approximately $345 million. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin of 44.5% to 45% with operating expenses of roughly $60 million. Below the line, we expect $200,000 of net interest and other expense and we now plan on our cash tax rate for the remainder of fiscal year 2011 to be 7%. In turn, we expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.46 off of a base of 192 million shares. And finally, I would like to point out that our third quarter guidance puts us squarely on a path to approach a $1.5 billion revenue run rate with $2 in annualized EPS by the end of this fiscal year. That concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: First question is about your guidance and outlook for the market. If you look at that guidance of many of the baseband players and some of your competitors, June quarter guidance for these guys have been kind of muted to down. But your guidance is pretty strong. So just -- if you can explain what are the moving parts herein from what your vantage point? Can you explain what is happening in the market?
David Aldrich: Thank you. And I think the easiest answer is that it is a function of a very strong backlog, so our visibility is quite good right now. And that visibility is being driven by very specific program ramps. So both within our linear products segment, as well as smartphone, tablet and some feature phone launches. We've been able to continue to take some share of those program launches are happening as we speak. So that's helping us, help us to offset the seasonality of margin. I think it's helping us to power through the second half with above market growth rates.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And there have been some speculation about your content or your status with one of your leading customers. I know you cannot talk about that customer, but could you talk about the design pipeline as you see now and your confidence in your second half of the year outlook?
David Aldrich: Thank you. As I've said, the visibility is quite good and it's driven by that design pipeline. And as I think our track record reflects, we consistently win more than our fair share of new designs. I'm proud of the team's ability to continue to do that. And in fact, we gained points of market share in the first half of 2011. We're on track to do that with designs already in place. We're on track to do that again in the second half and we believe we'll grow 2012 beyond yield growth rate of the market. And as Don stated, we're now on a path to approach $1.5 billion revenue towards the end of this year, and $2 in annualized EPS. We're quite comfortable in our ability to do that.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Gana with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: David I think you answered that question pretty well but let me ask in a different way around investor concerns. I believe they're centered around some of these leading smartphones as we see, UMTS and CDMA converging. There's been some arguments put out there that if your heritage in the UMTS band, and some of your rivals may be coming at some new approaches in the CDMA band that maybe it's easier for some of these CDMA players to encroach on your GSM track record or UTMS track record, versus the other way around? Is there any truth in that argument or that concern?
David Aldrich: Well, keep in mind that we've always been a major player in CDMA. Our heritage goes back over a decade. So we are very strong in CDMA. In fact, I'll remind you, particularly, a lot of people have forgotten, sometimes we want to forget that we were a pretty major player in transceiver development for CDMA as well as GSM. And so we have a strong systems heritage, we understand those implementations. And so if you look at the architectures and the way they're panning out today, there's everything from performance oriented discretes to power amplifier duplexers to converged per se, let's say the mid to low end of the smartphone market, and we're involved volume production each and every one of those. So we try to be, and we're successful in being completely agnostic with respect to architectural approach. We partner with all the baseband folks, we sell to all the OEMs, whether they'd be smartphones or tablets. And so that gives us a good sense for the overall market, and it implies that we have not only a breadth of engagement with those customers and baseband partners, but we have the building blocks, the scale to confidently go ahead with all of those. So we really don't get too hung up on which architectural approach, because we made those investments.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: And as a related follow-up on that, I know you're very clear in the second half, you expect your pace of growth to exceed that of the market. What about your building materials within some of the leading smartphone designs? Is that going up? Is that really the driver? Or is it more of the share gains?
Donald Palette: It's both. The build material average continues to go up. I think we've mentioned in the prepared comments that this year, roughly a quarter of the phones delivered our smartphone in nature, we think that number doubles in the next few years. That's a huge driver to the overall blended dollar content in our business. So while a 2G phone is still a buck, we are seeing a disproportionate amount of phones converting to an EDGE device with two bands, it's on a CDMA 3, 4, bolting on LTE so in general, the blended ASP across the market continues to rise.
Operator: We'll go next to Nathan Johnsen with Pacific Crest Securities.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities: I just want to come back a little bit on the questions surrounding architecture. Obviously, one of your key competitors has kind of a critical platform change from their perspective. I wanted to see what Skyworks' view on converged solutions in 2011? How much of a place do you think they have in the market and does Skyworks expect to ship any fully converged solutions in 2011? And then secondly, clearly, Nokia has been an area of growth for you guys over the last few quarters, but a lot of moving parts there. Just wanted to see if you guys still view that as a potential growth area or if kind of the share gains are being overshadowed by some of the weakness that they're seeing there.
Liam Griffin: Sure, this is Liam. Let me take the first part of your question, then we can talk about Nokia. Well first of all, we are in production today with converged platforms. We're shipping them now, we have several customers that should be ramping by the end of the fiscal year. Multiple products, multiple platforms, so that's a given. And one of the things that we like to do with our converged platforms is as Dave mentioned, take a real customer agnostic approach, who address each account and each base band provider with the tools and the technology, the DNA that they like. And then deliver a collaborative solution around that platform. So that's going quite well for us. Your point about where the market is going, the market today is very different. Each customer has different preferences, there are some that favor a lower cost, lesser performance architecture, maybe fully converged, but there are hybrids where maybe you converge a couple of bands and have discrete WCDMA, and then there are complete full on discrete solutions that are out there. And our ability to cover all is in place, we have the customers set, the relationships to go about our business in the way that our customers favor.
David Aldrich: If may add one of the things that we're finding and I think it's longterm going to be very good for us, is I had mentioned that we are addressing all OEMs in the intersection point of those OEMs with the various baseband partners out there. And what we're finding is that the competitive base, I think out of necessity, has become more niche-y. They're competent obviously, but they're more niche-y. So a competitive may be very deeply engaged with a baseband provider, and then and there, it's their handset of customers, some with another baseband provider. We simply don't do it that way. So when you hear folks talking about a converged platform and a flavor of a converged platform, that's fine, we compete there. They're good, we're good. But that's not the way the market's going, the market is going very customer specific, very custom. And so we believe we have the scale and the breadth and greater than anybody in the industry today, that would address those and address that complexity.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: I just wanted to follow up, David, on your comments regarding HTC. It sounds like there's some nice share gain. Can you comment on what percent of your business you think you have, and what could that grow to over time?
Liam Griffin: Sure Craig, this is Liam. HTC is an account right now that's developing quite well for us. We are very much in the early innings with this customer. Difficult to handicap share but I'll tell you that we have a lot of room to grow here. They're a company that is enabling very content rich devices in smartphones, they have some great tablets and we're well positioned. Of course these are all higher end 3G and in some cases, LTE platforms.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: That's helpful, Liam. And then David, regarding the confidence in outgrowing the market in fiscal '11 and fiscal '12, I understood that to be both the linear products and the more of a power amplifier front-end module statement but can you clarify that? And any further comments on that will be helpful.
David Aldrich: Okay, sure. We put a lot -- the short answer is yes. We put a lot of our investment in applications, systems, know-how and design to continue to address not only the Component business within our Precision Analog business but also, more of these vertical markets that have very high gross margin, their long product life cycles, like that business a lot. So what we model, what Don talked about the second half of that $1.5 billion run rate, and what we've done in the past, model -- our midterm financial model, we made the assumption that the growth rate is similar for each product line, and we are continuing to do so. And we've had that experience now going on three years.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: With respect to the outlook, could you give some color on your perception of how you see the tablet market evolving and what it may mean for you given your position? It seems as an important supply there. And Don, in seeing the revenue ramp, could you just sort of give us some feel further about how you see the profile of your gross margins developing going forward? And then maybe lastly, Dave, could you just balance the growth that you're seeing in the device side and smartphones relative to the linear business?
Liam Griffin: Tim, this is Liam, yes let me start with tablets. Clearly, we're very bullish on that market as Dave articulated. We think it's really the fastest growth area in mobile today. Our base position there is quite good, it's quite strong. Tablets tend to be content rich, performance oriented architecture, which is just what we do best here. I think you're going to see more entrants here over the next several years. We are engaged with everyone in that space, just to tell you that. We are working with each and every player. And we feel very bullish about that and that will be one of the growth drivers for us in 2012 for sure.
David Aldrich: And that's where you'll see LTE. We think the penetration the highest, so there'll be additional bands. And there'll be more of an eye towards performance and there is trying to squeeze the next $0.10 out of the build materials. So we think it does stay more hybrid, more discrete. With respect to linear products, versus front-end solutions growth, again, as I stated, we think we can grow those business roughly equally. And that's really good for the overall margin structure of our company.
Donald Palette: And Tim, you asked a question on the margins, too. Absolutely we still see opportunities for margin expansion. Just as a refresher to keep in mind, when we announced our midterm target model back in September, part of that was continued margin expansion, as well as leveraging our operating expense. That we just guided to a number between 44.5% to 45%. That model assumes 45%. So as revenue continues to grow, we leveraged the hybrid manufacturing model, you combine that with the focus we have on the CapEx investments that they're going to drive, productivity and margin expansion and all those things combined are going to bend a higher dollar content with a more complex RF devices that are going in the phones today. All that's going to continue to allow us to have an opportunity to expand margin as revenue grows. That's clearly part of the story for us.
Operator: We'll go next to George Iwanyc with Oppenheimer.
George Iwanyc - CIBC: Don, following up on your margin comments right now, can you give us an idea of what the operating margin target was and what sales level you are expecting to have to reach that level?
Donald Palette: Sure, George. Again we announced that at the Analyst Day in September and we said that at $375 million, to $400 million of quarterly revenue, we were going to deliver 30% OI. So that was the range. Keep in mind, we've done that multiple times. When we set targets, we typically achieve those targets in four to six quarters, so stay tuned.
George Iwanyc - CIBC: Okay. And Dave, could you give us an update on how you approach the filter part of the front end and what are the big advantages and disadvantages in your approach to sourcing filters?
David Aldrich: I think that's a great question. I would say, I've been around this business a long time, and what we found in the past is whenever there is a change in architecture, for example, right now, there's movement in exactly, which bands of WCDMA are going to be combined, how they're going to be combined with bands at LTE, how discrete versus integrated it's going to be. And whenever there are those kinds of changes like that, we're in the early days when analog went to digital, it creates some disruption of filter technology, there's a bit of a scramble. You saw our guys who typically done a good job of moving up in frequency and performance while keeping the costs low. But over time, once those architectural shifts settle down, the very high volume filter companies, typically out of Japan, have been able to drive volume and commoditize the pricing of that segment. That's happened every time there's been a change. And so our strategy keep in mind, is to be vertically integrated where the technology is unavailable in emerging market, and a partner with the best of breed for those who make versus buy. In the case of filters we have partnered with the very best filters suppliers, we are aligned with the desire to address this market with the best-in-class devices. And I believe that, that's the right strategy. I think over time, by the way, incidentally, we're in very high volume production of filter-enabled pads and designs today. We're winning sockets that are enabled with filters and without. And so I think the strategy of partnering with the best, and allowing those very big filter providers to drive pricing down over time, will serve us well.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG: I was wondering if you could give us an update on your manufacturing utilization, how you're doing -- well how much you're doing in-house versus outsourced? And just give us an update on that strategy.
Donald Palette: Sure, Jonathan. And we've each talked about this before. And when we look at utilization, it's really two numbers that are important. It's sort of the equipment line utilization, which we consistently run a theoretical capacity then it sort of, you look at the facility utilization. And so you're looking at your usage of the factory and the square footage. And so for us, that's still a number where we have the opportunity with very specific reasonable CapEx investments to put those in and to get very, very quick payback to give us a much better incremental margin answer because we're able to keep the utilization at a very high level and we're able to keep that balance between internal, external. The hybrid manufacturing model in line to give us that best margin and ROIC number. Typically, we were on and it varies based on the specific demand profile in the quarter. But we'll run about 20% wafers that we outsource and it's running 5% to 10% for assembly and test operations. That's typically what we see.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just a quick housekeeping question, you talked about an annual run rate of $1.5 billion in revenue, is that fiscal or calendar?
Donald Palette: Well, the way to -- that $1.5 billion is a calendar number, it's a fiscal number. But the way to think about that number is to take our guidance that we just provided for the reasonable growth rate onto that number, and you annualize that, and that gives you a comfort level of $1.5 billion. That's the way to think about it.
Operator: We'll go next to Sujee De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: Quick question for Dave or Liam. As customers try to put products in the market into newer platform, do they tend to lean toward trying to make it more integrated to reduce the complexity or more discrete and then move toward integrated, which of the two have you observed historically?
David Aldrich: I think we've observed both and everything in between. There's some cases where the platform is designed specifically around a chipset to be low cost for example, may not have many, many bands. The WCDMA, this is an example where they'll go converge and try to go converge early on, and others will say, no, this is a performance-oriented architecture. In fact, we're seeing customers who have gone converge or go in the other way. And that's a trend we're seeing right now. Kind of interesting one. Where they say " Look, yes this works okay but you know what, for a few pennies more, a little bit more money, I can go at a much higher-performance design." So we're seeing customers go from discrete to hybrid to converge, and we're seeing the exact opposite. It is very different customer by customer.
Liam Griffin: And I think as you start to look at market like tablets where you're bolting on LTE bands, and really focusing on high-speed video and content rich applications. We are seeing the potential move back as Dave illustrated to. Even a hybrid approach where maybe a few bands were integrated, with several discrete LTE and WCDMA devices. But all of that points to more content and an RF-rich device.
Donald Palette: And the other thing that we're kind of excited about is the upgrade of some of the lowest dollar content is dual-band GSM. A lot of that is sold in places like China. And as there's a push by the carriers and consumers to upgrade to 3G, we think that will be an interesting area where they will be highly integrated, they won't be world phones, we'll have very many bands, they may use GSM receive side for example, so it's kind of interesting to watch that evolve. We really like the effect. Now those won't be $8 per phone, but I'll tell you, that will be a lot more than a dollar. 2x or 3x added, so we think that's a big, we think, under -- not very well understood TAM driver in our space over the next five years.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: And just a housekeeping questions for Don, what's the turn in the guidance, Don, and what are your top 10 customers?
Donald Palette: I'm sorry Sujee, did you say turns?
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: Turns, yes, in the guidance, your backlog coverage versus turns.
Donald Palette: Oh 100%. 100%
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: 100% coverage right backlog coverage right?
Donald Palette: 100%. Top 10 customers for the quarter were Foxconn, Nokia and Samsung, which is consistent with what we had last quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Cody Acree with Williams Financial.
Cody Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc.: Back to the converged platform, you said you're now qualified in multiple basebands, are there any significant suppliers that you're not qualified into?
David Aldrich: No.
Cody Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc.: Great. And then just on that, the performance versus maybe the cost and flexibility, what is typically the performance trade off that you're seeing in your products versus your discrete solutions?
David Aldrich: You mean between a multi-motor converged and discrete?
Cody Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc.: Yes.
David Aldrich: Well it really kind of depends. The trade off is in linearity, power and efficiency, which translates into talk time, sometimes thermal characteristics of the device battery performance and data speed, download data speed. There's also areas around isolation, noise, it get a little bit more RF esoteric, but they're quite a bit harder to implement in a multimode design. And so if you keep in mind that a process technology like any process technology, let's get gallium arsenide, tend to be a bell curve across frequency. And let's say for example efficiency. So what you wind up with -- it maximizes at a certain frequency, and then rolls off the edges of that frequency band. The broader, the more bands or the broader the frequency range you ask and amplify to address, the more it's going to roll off, at the end to that. So if you optimize it at 1.5, it will roll off at 900 megahertz. So that is the trade off. So customers using converge have to just kind of try to center it where the phone will be used the most, and then they pay a price for bands that move away from that centered frequency. Some cases, the market's okay with that, which mean it will work great in your own territory, when you're running 3G, but then when you roam, it will be much worse. And in some markets, that's okay, in some that's not okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: A lot of my questions were answered, however, can give us a breakdown between 3G and 2G, and also a percent was from the linear products groups? And then right after that David, you wouldn't mind just talking about given your capacity where you are right now, are you prevented from or do you have to walk away from anything currently?
Donald Palette: I'll just get those housekeeping questions, on the air interface for the quarter, we were -- 2G, we were roughly 25%, and EDGE WCDMA was roughly about 75%, which these percentages continue to reflect the upgrade cycle and the revenue segmentation mobile Internet access, we were roughly 60%, 2G feature phones 20% and linear products roughly 20%.
David Aldrich: And to answer the second part of the question, no we're not walking away from any business today, keep in mind, we successfully completed the 6-inch conversion in our HBT fab. We've increased our PM capability for switches and ASMs. We also partnered with or assembly pdf in HBT with others. They're doing copies that process for us. So the combination of our own capacity and their capacity, gives us a great deal on comfort as we look out over the next few years. If we don't have to do anything major in terms of bricks and mortar in our operations.
Operator: We'll go next to Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Dave, maybe you can explain this a little bit, a, can you tell us where you are with Nokia now, are you done with your ramp-up phase or are there more to go? And then b, in terms of kind of where you guys are really winning share, I mean I guess we're all a little confused with everyone else in the wireless space, kind of guiding down for Q2. I know there are share gains for you, but we're trying to -- I guess the reason for me, trying to consider where really you guys have really made the momentum shift in the last quarter to gain this much share in just a quarter's time spent really.
Liam Griffin: Sure, this is Liam. Some of these wins are certainly programs and applications with customers that have been in the works for years and months, right. So this is not a short-term reflection. Nokia is a great case. So we are moving forward with share gains. We're actually making great progress and continuing along our 3G path. Our multimode path as well as 2G. So that account is in great shape, we see continued upside there. And then in the broader markets, we're also seeing smartphones in general, tablets in general, higher end handsets in general present an expanding TAM, much faster than unit growth rate. So you get top 10 gains in these devices, and then there are many, many customers out there that we really are in the early innings, we've mentioned HTC, ZTE and Huawei are others, and there are some other smartphone players that quite frankly, we're in the early innings and have plenty of blue sky to grow share.
David Aldrich: And keep in mind just, to add a little color to Liam's comment, we are very diversified in this space. So the guidance may vary for company to company, the overall market is growing. And the market, we expect to grow in June. And we've got backlog coverage to that. So it is share gains and identified programs that are ramping, I can tell you the market is not bound for the June quarter. And so if the market is down for a particular company, it's a share issue, it's not the market. I think we benefit from diversification, while there are OEM share shifts that happen out there, they happen all the time. And that may be many accelerating, as there's so much dynamic, market is so dynamic. We attempt to stay so diversified that we can power through those and that's what's happening in June.
Operator: And that's all the questions that we do have at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Skyworks Solutions for any additional or closing remarks.
David Aldrich: Well, thank you everyone for listening. That concludes the call and we look forward to updating you in the future.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-01-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald Palette - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Liam Griffin - Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing David Aldrich - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stephen Ferranti - 
Analysts: Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co. Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Richard Shannon - Northland Securities Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. Steve Ferranti, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead.
Stephen Ferranti : Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks First Fiscal Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer; and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview, followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risk and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn over the call to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Skyworks is off to a great start in fiscal 2011. Our strong first quarter results demonstrate solid execution by the entire Skyworks team and illustrate how our revenue diversification, technology leadership and our operational focus are improving our financial returns. Specifically during the quarter, we delivered revenue of $335 million, representing 37% year-over-year growth. We expanded our gross margins to 44.7%. We posted operating margins of 27.7%. We improved operating income by 78% year-over-year to $93 million, and we posted $0.45 in earnings per share. At the same time, we further strengthened our balance sheet by retiring our $50 million credit facility. We repurchased approximately 800,000 shares of our common stock, and we still improved our net cash position by $41 million.  Looking forward, we are guiding to in excess of 30% revenue year-over-year growth in the March quarter, reflecting substantially better than normal seasonality. This is positioning us for accelerating earnings growth as we enter the second half of the fiscal year. In the December quarter, we continued to benefit from strong underlying demand in the mobile Internet, enhanced by ongoing share gains and by new product ramps. Consumer appetite for anytime, anywhere connectivity continues to grow exponentially. In fact, 2010 holiday sales underscore the strong demand for Internet-connected mobile devices that provide always-on access to social networking sites, gaming, video, music and Web access. Retailers have highlighted mobile devices as a bright spot in consumer spending this past holiday season, and we've certainly benefited from this demand. Clearly, adoption of smart phones is happening at an accelerated pace. With a growth rate of at least 4x that of the traditional cellular handset market, these devices represent a compelling value proposition across the supply chain. Our customers are experiencing brisk sales and keep raising the bar in terms of performance and in terms of capability. And consumers are lining up to get the latest models, and carriers are eagerly pushing and promoting these devices into consumers' hands as expanding mobile data revenues contribute to improving ARPU. Skyworks is in a unique position to capitalize on these healthy market dynamics, based on our unique product offering and our broad customer base. Our products support all smart phone and tablet operating systems including Android, Symbian, Windows Mobile and others. What's more is we believe that the momentum we have seen with 3G-enabled mobile devices will only accelerate with the commercial launch of 4G networks. While 3G exposed consumers to the concept of untethering the Internet, 4G will provide users a truly mobile broadband experience, with speeds rivaling those of the wired Internet. In fact, forecasts suggest that in the coming years, growth in global broadband subscriptions will be dominated by growth in mobile Internet subscribers. By its very nature, 4G is a technology that was developed to provide ultra-high-speed data rates and stream video. And in fact, for many consumers, 4Gs may be their only broadband connection. And what's especially exciting here at Skyworks is that 4G devices operate on a new and unique set of frequency bands beyond 2G and 3G, providing an incremental dollar content opportunity and expanding our total available market for years to come. This year's Consumer Electronics Show provided a preview of the pending wave of 4G products that will come to market over the course of 2011, and the rate of availability of these devices exceeding all our expectations. As an example, Verizon, which has already launched its commercial LTE service, plans to add 140 new markets in 2011, and they've recently announced a roster of Skyworks-enabled LTE devices, including smart phones, including tablets and mobile hotspots. Likewise, AT&T is accelerating its own LTE plans, and now intends to service initial markets later this year, along with 20 LTE devices over the course of 2011.  As this next technology wave approaches, Skyworks has a clear early mover advantage, having already powered not only the world's first commercialized LTE USB modem, but also the first LTE-based phone on the market. Some recent examples of Skyworks' position include the DROID BIONIC, an Android-based LTE smart phone that was unveiled at CES by Motorola. We have also secured design sockets with HTC's EVO and Desire 4G platforms. These design wins complement our already well-established position across other LTE suppliers and platforms.  So in addition to smart phones, we expect to see 4G connectivity getting embedded into tablets during the second half of 2011. And by combining the mobility of a smart phone with the performance and the processing power of a network PC, tablets are fundamentally changing the computing landscape. These devices have found a unique niche within the consumer electronics market and provide an ideal platform for mobile video applications. And we see mobile video as an exciting and enabling trend for Skyworks, not just within tablets but across a broad array of technology platforms. Content providers like Netflix and others are keenly focused on providing streaming IP video service to gaming consoles, to high-definition televisions, to Blu-Ray players and set-top boxes, as well as smart phones and tablets. Keep in mind, video delivery consumes a significant amount of network bandwidth and drives up performance requirements on RF architectures, and this plays squarely into Skyworks' technical strengths. And future developments will only add more of the same, including high-definition and eventually 3D video streaming, and will only serve to raise the performance requirement for these devices. Importantly for us, these macro trends are in the early stages of playing out. Smart phones in fact accounted for only about 20% of mobile device shipments in 2010, and we believe that smart phones could account for more than 50% global unit shipments by the year 2014. Now if you add to this, the tablet market is expected to grow at nearly 80% compounded rate over the next four years, so something less than 20 million units in 2010 to as many as 200 million units by the year 2014. All in all, we see a long runway today for these positive macro trends to continue. So given our momentum and the multi-year revenue drivers that we've discussed, we will enter the second half of 2011 poised to outpace the industry and the market growth, underpinned by new design wins, by strong product pipeline and by our scale advantages. So in summary, we believe that our strategy of diversifying across new vertical markets and new customers, while continuously driving operational execution, will translate not only to above-market growth but greater operating leverage and ultimately increasing shareholder returns.  I'll now turn this over to Don for his financial review and outlook.
Donald Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone. I will first provide a quick summary of our first fiscal quarter results and then outline our business outlook.  Revenue for the period was $335 million, up 37% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Gross profit was $149.9 million or 44.7% of revenue, a 250 basis point year-over-year expansion which was driven by an improving product mix, supply chain efficiencies, margin-enhancing, demand-driven capital investments, and continued manufacturing productivity enhancements. Operating expenses were $57 million, of which R&D was $34.1 million and SG&A was $22.9 million, yielding $92.8 million of operating income and a 27.7% operating margin, a 640 basis point improvement year-over-year. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $278,000 of expense, while cash taxes were $7.9 million, which is an 8.5% tax rate. As a result, our net income was $84.7 million or $0.45 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet, during the quarter, we invested $33 million in capital expenditures and back-end process investments, which complement our hybrid outsourcing model. As a reminder in virtually all cases, we anticipate these investments to pay back within the fiscal year while expanding margins and improving our return on invested capital.  We also recorded $13.6 million of depreciation. We retired our $50 million credit facility, part of our broader strategy to reduce debt, and repurchased approximately 800,000 shares of our stock at an average price of $23.15 per share. As a result, our balance sheet is now virtually debt-free, and we still increased our net cash by $41 million and exited the quarter with over $450 million of cash and cash equivalents. These improvements highlight the progress we've made in our broader strategy to reduce debt and strengthen our balance sheet. As a reflection of this, over the last three years, we've improved our balance sheet from a negative $46 million net debt position to a positive $426 million net cash position.  Now to our business outlook. Based on specific program ramps and backlog coverage, we are forecasting current quarter revenue of $310 million to $320 million. Assuming the midpoint of this guidance range, we suggest modeling gross margin of 43.8% and operating expenses of approximately $57.5 million to $58 million. Below the line, we expect $300,000 of net interest and other expense. We expect our cash tax rate for the remainder of fiscal 2011 to be 8.5%. In turn, we expect our operational non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.39 in the seasonally low March quarter, off of a base of 190 million shares.  Well, that concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, go ahead and open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: I know you mentioned the Bionic for you and 4G. But Motorola also is refreshing along other lines, and I know had the Atrix at CES and the Xoom tablet. Can you talk about Motorola as an account and what’s happening even within the 3G segments for you?
Donald Palette: Liam?
Liam Griffin: Yes, sure. Alex, this is Liam. Yes, Motorola continues to be a very important customer for Skyworks. Fortunately, their strategy now has been to go very deep in smart phones, which happened to be quite content-rich for Skyworks. So we are seeing ourselves line up with Motorola across a number of new platforms, some supported by Qualcomm, some supported by Infineon, typically Android-based. And we think the content gains that we're seeing now from Motorola look good, and hopefully, their unit volumes as they projected in 2011 will really accelerate the demand. So we think Motorola is going to be a grower for us in 2011.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: And if I could, as a follow-up along those lines, can you give any color around maybe average selling prices overall you're seeing on the RF deck, and maybe what the opportunities are in some of these 3G and 4Gs with regards to average selling price bias?
Liam Griffin: Yes, the content -- we think about selling price, we think about the content we can derive from these smart phones. I mean, typically, we are seeing our 2G and EDGE-based products that could be $1 to $2 now move to $3, $4, $5 that we derive from more content in smart phones. And when we start to look at these devices that we've talked about with Motorola, with HTC and some others, they are incredibly rich in content, multiple bands, high-speed data, capitalizing on all of that media, that wireless IP that Dave articulated. So we are seeing that content per phone move into the $4 to $5 mark per device.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suji De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Suji De Silva: Can you help us understand at this point where your tablets are as a percent of revenues and what you think you’ll be exiting '11? I know it's kind of early. And is that the biggest factor in guiding above seasonal for the March quarter?
David Aldrich: I would say that, it's clear if you look at the last year in 2010, tablets was a very small percentage of our revenue. I mean, a year ago, we weren't talking much about tablets. It's been sort of a natural extension of the smart phone phenomenon. I think that the growth rate and the pent-up demand for this class of device, the growth rate is going to be huge. We talked about in the prepared comments moving from perhaps less than 20 million devices in the year 2010, growing maybe as much as an 80% compounded rate. So it's a big growth rate, still a relatively small percentage of the total 1.3 billion, 1.4 billion units that are going to be sold in terms of cell phones and smart phones. So I think it's going to be a driver. We have disproportionate amount of content and we have a disproportionate amount of market share, giving the inherent complexity and the need for performance in these devices. So I think the market is going to be big, I think it's going to play out over the next several years, but starting from a small base.
Suji De Silva: Okay. And on the balance sheet, I think inventory was up more than revenues on a Q-over-Q basis. Can you talk about where do you think that's going to come out next quarter, and how you're managing that?
Donald Palette: Sure, Suji, this is Don. Yes, our balance was up this quarter. And it was really geared in order, the balance was built in order to support some specific customer program ramps we have for the second quarter. But the important point when you look at our inventory is it's not that the balance is up. I mean, if you look at our balance sheet historically, as our end market demand and revenue grow, we're going to grow working capital. That's just a function of the business. But our turns are still above 5.5 this quarter, and we consider those best-in-class when you look at our sector. So very strong, still performance on the inventory side for us, as far as the velocity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: First question, was your revenue or guidance impacted by any supply constraints of any other companies like displays of NAND Flash with the handset OEMs so that you could have shipped more if those constraints were not there?
David Aldrich: Okay. I would say that we have seen some certain component lead time stretch. We've seen some tightness in assembly, test and some of our wafer supply. We've taken steps to expand our internal capacity. Remind you we have a hybrid model that allows us to pull, in some critical processes, pull volume internally, and we've done that in some cases when we've needed to. It allows us to flex our own utilization as demand fluctuates. I would say, from component supply into Skyworks' modules, the answer to that would be no, but we were able to work through those. Now whether or not our customers could have shipped more, if there were other component shortages, products we didn't provide that truncated their ability to ship, I think there probably was some of that. But it didn't affect the supply chain into Skyworks' products.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, fair enough. Secondly, about your account receivables, they were up again this quarter. Just wondering what is the aging profile of that account receivable? And if any one of your customers have a higher than average concentration in that accounts receivable number?
Donald Palette: Parag, this is Don. The increase in receivables, when you look at that again, it's the comment on inventory, it's driven by our end demand and overall revenue increase. And our balance -- the increase in the balance this quarter was driven by a higher Q1 revenue and a combination of the customer linearity and customer mix, because we do, in fact, have different payment terms among customers. So based on that mix and when that mix occurs during the quarter, it does impact the overall velocity measures. But I want to step back and say, when you look at the improvements we've built in the balance sheet over the last two to three years in the business, and I take a look at the asset base both from an inventory standpoint and a receivables standpoint, it's as strong as it has ever been. So the quality of that asset growth is extremely good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a quick housekeeping question first. Have you broken out linearity as a percentage of revenue?
Donald Palette: No, we haven't yet, Jonathan. The breakout is the mobile Internet access was roughly about 60% of our revenue, 2G-feature phones about 20%, and linear products roughly 20%.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then, Liam, I think a question for you. Could just talk a little bit about market dynamics you're seeing in China? How are your products faring there? How do you think your share is trending this quarter?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Yes, I mean what we're seeing right now in China is that the 2G market is really going through some changes. The local manufacturers of the indigenous Chinese sources are really contracting. But at the same time, we're actually seeing some share gains from some of the traditional Tier 1s, Nokia, Samsung and others going back into China at the low end. So that's one of the dynamics. For us, we obviously approach China conservatively. We know there could be some volatility. But at the same time, we're doing quite well with companies like Huawei and ZTE in the infrastructure space. We're making progress now in data cards, 3G data cards. And jumping into Taiwan, we're seeing some really nice potential and new design wins at HTC.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer & Company.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I wanted to focus on the sequential transition from December to March and compare and contrast it this year versus last. In last year, you managed to deliver a very well below seasonal pattern of down 2.9% sequential on the top line, and this year, you're guiding to double that, whereas this year, the tablet impact on your business is much more significant, and I would say versus probably immaterial last year. Also, Don, your gross margin is declining. Your guidance implies a declining gross margin into March, whereas last year, it increased. So, I mean, what's so different about the transition into the March quarter this year versus last year? My gut and my intuition would have told me it should have been at least on par on last year, if not better from a sequential movement.
David Aldrich: Well, okay. Let me try and answer multi-part question. Don can jump in on the latter half. We think that we're modeling market seasonality for March to be down 9% or 10%. That's what we see. We've guided to down about half of that, so much, much better than seasonality. With revenue, the year-over-year will be over 30% up or north of 30% up. So clearly there's a lot of share gains going on. And we like to guide conservatively. We guide for fully booked backlog, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we're fully booked to deliver that range. And we think that, that's prudent. So I think that is clearly above the market. And you're right, we are seeing strength in these new program launches, but we do see the traditional business with a degree of market seasonality, and we wanted to factor all of those, all of that into our guidance.
Donald Palette: Yes, Ittai, this is Don on the revenue. Yes, if you go back to last year, we were essentially flat on the margin. But the revenue decline from Q1 to Q2 was a little bit less than it is this year. And we also, when you look at the change from Q1 to Q2 last year, we were also starting to get benefits from the six-inch ramp that are already embedded in the baseline overall margin of the company. So when you're looking at comparisons, there were some things going on that muted that revenue change. It was lower to begin with than what you're seeing this quarter, quarter-to-quarter. So that's really what's driving it. Just keep in mind on the margin front, margin expansion for us is still a key element for us to be able to get to 30%. So being down this quarter is based on the revenue decline, the seasonality and the mix that we have in there, and as we go forward in order to get to 30%, it's still going to be a combination of leveraging OpEx and continuing to drive margin expansion. That's what's going to happen to get us there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Johnsen with Pacific Crest Securities.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Just wanted to talk a little bit more on smart phones, just clearly been doing well, high-end and developed markets, but certainly much has been made on the part of Android OEMs on lower tier smart phones. Wondering if you guys have seen much traction with those phones, particularly in emerging markets? Is that a meaningful part of revenue now? Or is that a potential growth driver that we should expect to happen in the future?
Liam Griffin: Sure. I absolutely believe, this is Liam, that the emerging markets represents a significant upside opportunity for this industry. You look at a subscriber base today in China and India that's invariably holding a 2G phone that has maybe a dollar-based fee content for us. They will move up. Those subscribers want to move up. They want Internet access. They don't have DSL at home. They don't have cable at home. So a smart phone really represents their path to the Internet. So we are seeing some of our OEMs develop specific platforms to address those markets. They're platforms that may not have all the bells and whistles that you may see in the U.S., but still compelling. And all that for us is outstanding, because it moves our dial up substantially from our baseline, and we think there is tremendous growth opportunities there over the next several years.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: And if I'm hearing you right, there's almost kind of none of that revenue in your run rate currently?
Liam Griffin: Oh, very minimal, yes, literally small numbers here. And some of our OEMs that we're working with right now are just starting to get those phones in the prototype stage and sampling stage with the carriers in China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Co.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC: First question, just back to the Analyst Day in the fall, you talked about the multimode, multiband platforms, I think go into production in the March quarter. Just wondering if you could provide an update whether that's still on track? And then a follow-up question is just, can you list the 10% customers in the quarter?
David Aldrich: Okay. The multimode, multiband designs, and keep in mind, Quinn, that there's a lot of different configurations. It's everything sort of a fully converged platform which is not going into production yet, but perhaps the most complex for a certain segment of the market, most likely the lower end of the market, to what's more prevalent, which is sort of a hybrid between certain discrete bands, while at the same time, more integrated amplifiers, switch and filter functionality, and then there are pure discrete designs. Because the different flavors of these multimode architectures are going into production will continue to roll out throughout 2011, 2012, and even some we’re talking about now into 2013. So I think that trend is on track. I think the fully converged platforms, those are very complex, and there's a lot of moving parts with those. And so for that slice of the multimode market, we don't see that becoming a major driver here for some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: I was wondering if you could frame what you think the lift may be as you begin to see LTE come into the marketplace, and where do you see that beginning to get deployed? And when do you think it could become something that might be possibly material? Also separately I think from the prior question, if there was a -- just clarifying the 10% customers. I'm not sure if you gave that.
Donald Palette: I forgot to answer that. I'll go ahead and start with that, but the 10% customers for the quarter were Samsung, Nokia and Foxconn.
Liam Griffin: Tim, with respect to LTE, I mean, one of the important elements here, it's not just a new standard. It's a standard that runs on unique frequency bands as incremental RF content to the devices. So you will have devices, smart phones, and I think eventually, tablets will be a really important driver for LTE, where you will have LTE frequency bands 2.6 gig, 3.5 gig, backward-compatible to 3G, that could be three or four devices, and then even backward-compatible again to add your GSM. So it's an extension of bands and it's an extension of content. They run on discrete frequencies. So it's really an important part of the story. It will probably just get off the ground here in 2011. 2012 and 2013 could become a very significant driver for us.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: If I may just to follow up on the general relationship with Nokia, could you just bring us up to speed with how that has been proceeding? And whether if you moved forward through this calendar year in general, you perceive a sort of broad adjustment in your customer mix and the ongoing broadening of it?
Liam Griffin: Well, with respect to Nokia, as we've articulated in the last few calls, we continue to make very good progress in diversifying and gaining share across that customer. We have a great position in 3G. We have recently extended that into GSM. Our position in EDGE is also solid. And we are trending towards steady market share gains throughout this year. And I think we have an opportunity to secure as much or as great, perhaps greater than 1/3 of their overall PA share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Don, you've got quite a bit of balance sheet flexibility now. You used a little bit of that to finish out the debt pay-down and buy back some stock. But how should we think about the way you'll put excess cash to work going forward?
Donald Palette: Yes, absolutely, if you kind of look back over the last, since to the first quarter of 2009, over the last two years, we've actually improved the net cash position by about $310 million. So absolutely, with a strong balance sheet and the strong performance we've had on our financials, it gives us an awful lot of flexibility. You've seen to date that we've focused on taking the debt down. We're virtually debt-free. And we also initiated this quarter that we started to utilize the $200 million share buyback program that the board approved for us several quarters back. So we did that. We'll continue to buy shares selectively. We'll look at the right opportunities to do that. And we're virtually debt-free at this point. So what's left with the cash is to look at very selective M&A opportunities. And we've said this numerous times, we've very conservative on the M&A front. For us to do any acquisitions, they've got to be instantly accretive and they've got to drive shareholder value. That means expanding not only our operating margin and our EPS, but our return on invested capital, and we just don't want them to be a distraction to how well our overall business is running right now. And we will focus on accretive bolt-on acquisitions like Freescale and Axiom, as well as any analog niche opportunities that come along. So it's clearly something that we look at on a regular basis.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Okay, great. And then a lot of understandable focus on tablets so far. Liam, I don't think I've heard any comments on energy efficiency and automated meter readings, so can you bring us up-to-date in terms of the prospects for growth in that business this year?
Liam Griffin: Yes, Craig, absolutely. Yes, the smart grid and the smart energy, and now the complementary home automation markets continue to move forward for us. They are very strategic with respect to our vertical initiatives. We've added a few critical customers, key customers that we had been pursuing. We're starting to see a little bit of improvements in Europe as well as the U.S. And we do expect the adoption to continue. The meters are rolling out, that's happening. We're starting to see now that peripheral market, the appliance makers, the LG, Whirlpool, GEs adopting ZigBee, in some cases, Wi-Fi, to tether back to those smart meters. So we definitely see this as a continued area of focus in our Linear business. It's good margin and it has legs here for the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Dave, this is probably directed to you. I'd love to hear your thoughts on capacity, what your plans are for the remainder of this year and into next year? And also give us a sense of what AWS [advanced wideband systems] is doing and how you feel, comfort level with that?
David Aldrich: Sure. So if you look at where we are today, we're outsourcing roughly 20% of our volume, if you were to combine assembly and test services with wafer foundry, gallium arsenide wafer foundry costs we outsource also. We, during the last six quarters or so, have completed a six-inch expansion of our HBT [heterojunction bipolar transistors] facility. We've added substantially to our pHEMT switch capability, and we've added a lot of the back-end assembly and test capabilities. So we have no bricks and mortar constraints, and we continue to incrementally add. But we've made the big bucket expansion in our foundries over the last six quarters, and the fact that we have a hybrid approach that allows us to flex our external partners allows us to take the revenue much higher, without having to deal with any material capacity constraints, although we'll continue to invest in bottlenecks in assembly and testing. At AWSC [Advanced Wireless Semiconductor Co.] and our other outsourced partners, they're doing terrific. It’s a copy exact process. The quality meets our standards. We monitor them daily, weekly, hourly. And we're extremely happy with the performance of those partners.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Eric [ph] calling in for Tore. Real quick, just on what you talked about earlier, where do you see the overall handset market growth rate in 2011? And with today's news or comments out of Nokia pulling its XM smart phone out of the AT&T lineup, does that have any sort of impact on where you see the smart phone opportunities for you guys with Nokia?
Liam Griffin: Sure. Well, we see 2011 in terms of handset units to be roughly 8% to 10% up. That does not include the tablet number, and it also doesn't include other embedded wireless applications. But I think what's important is we look at the unit number, but more important to us is the PAM number. So what is the available PAM that we see for amplifiers and switches in the devices that we can market and sell. We see that number going up 15% to 18% off of an 8% to 10% growth, by virtue of content gains.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And real quickly on linearity in the quarter, can you maybe just address that? And was there any kind of late orders that you saw taking place?
Donald Palette: No, there wasn't anything specific or unusual that drove that. I mean, linearity in a quarter changes month-to-month in the forecast and it changes quarter-to-quarter and it changes year-to-year. So there wasn't really any specific dynamic to discuss that drove it. It was just the way the overall customer demand of when they needed the product and when we shipped and who those customers were, all of that ended up driving some impacts to the working capital, really nothing more complex than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Shannon with Northland Capital Markets.
Richard Shannon - Northland Securities Inc.: I guess, first question, kind of another way to ask one of the previous ones, which at Analyst Day here a few months back, you talked about an operating model, I think it was $375 million to $400 million per quarter, and suggested that, that time frame for achieving that might be later in the calendar 2011. Is that still very much your plan? Has your confidence on that increased since that time frame? Any thoughts on that, please?
Donald Palette: Yes. Well, Richard, the way to think of that, and it would have been, I think, pretty clear when we've communicated the new mid-term model is that, in order to achieve it, we needed the $375 million to $400 million per quarter as you mentioned. And historically, if you look back at the three times we've put mid-term models, communicated those externally, we've achieved those within four to six quarters. So that's the way to think about that.
David Aldrich: If you look at what we just delivered in the December quarter was just under 28% operating income. And so we remain very comfortable with that model.
Richard Shannon - Northland Securities Inc.: Okay, great. Appreciate that. And then second thing just on the pricing trends you're seeing in your base handset business. How have those trended? I presume they're coming downwards on some sort of trend. Has that trend kind of continued what you've seen in the past year or so? Or has that moderated some, like down less? Or how has that been recently?
Liam Griffin: The pricing environment, right now, actually we feel is in line with our expectations. The demand profile has been pretty good for the industry. One of the things that we do here is we really capitalize on complexity, and we turn our portfolio over very quickly at Skyworks. So there's a lot of new technology being deployed to the market, which really helps insulate us from some of that typical commoditized ASP curve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: First off, Nokia is now above 10%. You guys are doing fairly well there. I think it's generally understood that the delay in the platform that you're on, which is now shipping, gave RF Micro a much bigger share in past years. They’re actually not even on Lynco [ph] and you guys have got that. Do you see this going back the other way in the year or so as Nokia tries to balance up their supply chain? Or do we have a fundamental shift at Nokia, where they're going to achieve a more balanced approach to suppliers, maybe 30% each for an office, you and RF Micro. I know they probably don't lay it out that way but I'm just trying to get your feelings on how you think the dynamic there works? And then I had a question on converge.
Liam Griffin: Okay. Ed, I'll take the Nokia question. Ed, our position at Nokia continues to be really solid, and I understand the platform discussion that you noted. Right now we're seeing continued growth in share gains as we articulated I think with another caller. So our position in Nokia now is we're marching steadily towards achieving at least 1/3 of their share of PAs. We've created the diversification that we need across multiple baseband partners across 3G, EDGE, and now GSM. We don't see anything sliding back. We've worked closely with that customer for a great deal of time. We've executed incredibly well from a supply chain point of view, from a technology point of view. We think our position is looking great.
David Aldrich: Ed, could you repeat the -- you mentioned something about converge?
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Yes, I had a follow-up. But before I get off that, Liam, what you just said then, are those share gains generally because Lynco [ph] is ramping and you're on Lynco [ph] and they're porting it to more phones, or are you winding up on other platforms, too?
Liam Griffin: Oh, yes, absolutely. Lynco [ph] is a very small piece of Nokia's converge in 3G architecture right now. It's going to grow, but that's a small element. I think if you look at the overall volume, there's tremendous volume still in their traditional 3G. Some of the newer platforms they're going to launch this year, as well as EDGE and GSM. So it's well-balanced. We're diversified. If a platform moves away from us here or there, that's fine. But the position is diversified and looking strong going forward.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And then on the converge, Don, you pointed out that -- no, Liam, you said that 8% to 10% in unit volumes but you're looking at 15% to maybe 20% or 18% on content. But as converge picks up, I mean RF Micro's got Power Smart out there. And I know it's not really ramping yet but it will be. And I think the pricing philosophy is to undercut a four- band phone for a price of a three. So at some point, and I know the OEMs are talking about trying to get some of the dollars that are flowing to the RF band someplace else and doing that to converge. So the question is, to the extent that converge has become successful, but when we start seeing content become compressed a bit?
David Aldrich: Well, I think that the way to look at this, Ed, is that there will be multiple architectures, and when you talk about converge, there will be different architectures within converge, different approaches within converge. And then there will be hybrid approaches for higher performance aimed at perhaps a certain band or frequency or network. And then there will be various degrees of more discrete that will go into tablets and other higher-end smart phones, where they really need performance across multiple bands and frequencies. And so you are right that the beauty of converge in these various approaches is that we can sweep more functionality into a smaller footprint, do it in a way that conserves battery talk time, and do it in a price point that allows the build material to go down into the phone OEM's handset lineup. So the way I view converge long-term is that it's going to enable a build material price point that's going to eat into the mid-tier and ultimately low end of the market. I personally believe, as we said in our prepared comments, that smart phones go from less than 20% to 1/2 of the market. They do so by penetrating what we might call emerging markets or large untapped markets where we can take a product that today may only have $1 of Skyworks content and triple the TAM. That will be $8 or $10, but that's not the point. The point is the blended ASP will go way up as these converge and other architectures allow a build material price point. The performance won't be as good as a hybrid, it won't be as good, but it will facilitate the penetration of smart phones much deeper into the phone OEM's lineup and that's going to be tremendously good for our industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: On the Linear business, Don, can you give us a sense of what the seasonality of that business looks like? And is that having an impact in your gross margin guidance for Q1 or for the March quarter and are we seeing a little bit of a seasonal downtick in Q1 for the Linear business?
David Aldrich: No, not particularly. The Linear business looks very strong. The energy management, some of this home network business we talked about in our prepared comments looks really good. It's a little bit further out but the early stages are being placed now and you can see a little bit of that going into the March quarter. But I think, as Don has articulated, our gross margin is nothing more than, we're forecasting less than seasonality, but some seasonality in traditional business and that revenue as it flexes has a certain contribution associated with it. So the gross margin will be high, but it will tick down slightly from December as you would expect when revenue drops a little bit.
Donald Palette: And another way to think of that is, the guidance of $315 million is almost dead on to Q4 actual of $313 million, and we were at $43.8 million. So this isn't any real erosion of what the performance was two quarters ago, so you really need to keep in that context, I think, when you look at the numbers, too.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: How much networking business is in Linear do you think, like the traditional guys, like Cisco and Juniper?
Liam Griffin: Yes. Actually, most of our networking businesses is in the cellular infrastructure space, companies like Huawei, ZTE, Nokia, Siemens, Ericsson. But it's an interesting question because we do have aspirations here, and we think we have the technology and the DNA to start to move into the backhaul and potentially the wire line accounts here over the next few years. So there's right now, today, Cisco, Juniper, very little. There is some Wi-Fi business with Cisco, not very significant. But over time, I think the work that we've been able to do in the cellular infrastructure market positioned us well to kind of move into more of the wire line side.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Aldrich, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
David Aldrich: Okay, well, thank you, and thank you, everyone, for participating. We look forward to seeing you in upcoming conferences.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Aldrich – President and CEO Donald Palette – VP and CFO Liam Griffin – SCP, Sales and Marketing Steve Ferranti – IR
Analysts:  Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co. Craig Ellis – Caris & Company Anthony Stoss – Craig Hallum Capital Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank Parag Agarwal – UBS Quinn Bolton – Needham & Co. Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities  Eric – Stifel Nicolaus Richard Shannon – Northland Securities Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group  
Operator:  Good afternoon and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings call. This call is being recorded. At this time I’d like to turn the call over to Steve Ferranti, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Ferranti, please go ahead. 
Steve Ferranti: Thank you, Robby. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks fourth fiscal quarter 2010 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer; and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview, followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the investor relations section of our company website for our complete reconciliation with GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter. 
David Aldrich: Thank you, Steve and welcome everyone. I’m pleased to report today that Skyworks exceeded the upwardly revised fourth quarter outlook that we provided at our September analyst day meeting demonstrating solid execution and a strengthening competitive position. Specifically in the quarter, we delivered revenue of 313 million. That is up 14% sequentially and is up 37% year-over-year. We expanded our gross margins to 43.8%, and our operating margin to 26.1%. We improved our operating income by 92% year-over-year to 82 million and we posted $0.43 in earnings per share. We also strengthened our balance sheet during the quarter increasing our net cash position by 69 million and exiting the quarter now with 459 million in cash. Our strong fourth quarter results were driven by our mobile internet and our diversified analog growth edges. First, with regard to mobile internet, we are continuing to see increasing momentum given consumer’s growing appetite for anytime, anywhere connectivity. And by all account global adaption of smart phones is happening at an accelerating pace, now at least 4 times the growth rate of the traditional cellular handset market. And to be sure that we benefited from the rising tide of increasing RF content associated with these band-intensive 3G and 4G platforms but more importantly as demonstrated by our more than 35% year-over-year growth rate, Skyworks is on an even steeper growth trajectory. The growth is being driven by: First, recent share gains stemming from our strong relationships spanning all leading smart phone and tablet OEMs. This is coupled with our technology leadership, our integration capabilities, and our scale advantages. At a higher level, there are a number of factors that are contributing to our growth in the mobile internet sector. To start, we are increasingly seeing multiple devices per subscriber. In fact AT&T is now projecting mobile penetration rates to reach 300% within the U.S. over the next 3 years. This means three mobile devices for every man, every woman and every child in the United States by the year 2014. And this growth will be fuelled by a host of new devices above and beyond traditional cellular handsets and even above and beyond smart phones encompassing high resolution tablets, USB modems, home networks and still yet to be introduced internet connective devices. Proliferation of these devices within the U.S. represents we think only the tip of the iceberg as compared with the substantially larger global opportunity as the developing world becomes even more connected. Further, the move to 4G represents a significant market expansion opportunity for us. Verizon recently announced that it would have LTE service in 38 cities this year and operators throughout the world are announcing plans to rapidly follow suit. By early 2011, we expect to see a host of LTE capable USB modems, tablets and smart phones. As this next wave approaches, Skyworks has a clear early mover advantage having powered not only the world’s first commercialized LTE USB modem but also the very first LTE-based phone on the market. And finally, we are solidly out in front of the rapidly emerging tablet segment where we are seeing exponential growth. The applications are seemingly limitless today and these platforms are enabling entirely new usage models, everything from e-health, to replacing textbooks, to watching high definition football game on direct TV Sunday Ticket to-go. Early tablet adaption rates continue to exceed expectations and we conservatively estimate this market can surpass 200 million units by the year 2014, creating an incremental billion dollars of addressable market for us. You see these RF content rich devices rival and in some cases they exceed the dollar content in high end smart phones and here again Skyworks maintains a clear market leadership position having shipped over 4 million units into tablet applications in the fourth quarter alone. In parallel we are gaining traction on the network infrastructure side of the mobile internet connection. As operators install new base stations, new routers, and back haul equipment to expand coverage of data services, alleviate capacity bottlenecks and prepare for next generation LTE deployments. Consumer demands for anytime anywhere internet access is creating exiting new growth avenues for wireless carriers who in turn are making significant new investments in their networks to support wider adaption of these very lucrative services. According to a recent InStat mobile internet group research report, infrastructure expenditures by mobile operators will need to scale up by more than 40% in the coming years to meet this fast approaching demand. At the same time operators in emerging markets like China, like India are in the early stages of 3G build ups and are spending aggressively to roll out service for the first time on a nationwide basis. Both of these trends are creating a tremendous opportunity funnel for Skyworks and to support these upgrade we have developed a multitude of infrastructure solutions including attenuators, synthesizers, mixers, LNAs, to modulators. And I think importantly, our portfolio is moving away from component level offerings towards highly customized, highly performance driven modules that command higher rates as fees and create more formidable competitive barriers. And specifically during the quarter, we increased our share at HUAWEI and ZTE with our family of high performance broadband synthesizers and system at a package solutions spanning ultra wide frequency ranges. We captured design wins in support of Cisco’s fiber to the curve and fiber to the home applications. And we now support Ericson’s 4G and LTE-based station platforms with new digital attenuators and low noise amplifiers. So in short global penetration of the mobile internet entails upgrade to both existing client devices as well as to the supporting network infrastructure. And Skyworks is well positioned to capitalize on these twin mega trends. Okay, having covered mobile internet let us turn our attention to the diversified analog market. Some examples that we have highlighted in the past have centered on the energy management markets which continue to trend very positively for us particularly with our recent entry into LED streetlight monitoring and control applications. But today, I would like to spend just a couple of minutes focusing on a complimentary ecosystem that we believe holds significant potential for Skyworks which we will refer to as home networking and automation. This product area extends several of our smart energy solutions into the home and enables connectivity across a range of products including gaming consoles, set top boxes, printers, appliances, HDTVs, Blu-ray players as well as remote home security and monitoring systems. And these new class of enabling wireless device requires high data rates, requires extended network range, and a reliable radio signal performance. This plays directly into Skyworks’ strength. And in this area during the quarter, we secured a key design win as part of Cisco’s Scientific Atlanta cable set top boxes and Linx’s branded home wireless audio and video monitoring systems. And we ramped this part of Microsoft’s next generation X-box 360 and we also captured design wins on a forth coming IP-based television platform. Given all of the revenue drivers that we have discussed, we are entering FY 2011 poised to  demonstrably outpace industry growth, (underpinned) by our design win momentum, by a product pipeline and by scale advantages. Operationally speaking, Skyworks is making strides towards a new midterm operating model targeted at 30%. So in summary, we believe that our strategy of diversifying across new vertical markets and diversifying our customer base while continuously improving operational execution will translate into above market growth, greater operating leverage, and increasing shareholder value. I’ll now turn this call over to Don for his financial review. 
Donald Palette: Thanks, Dave and thanks again for joining us, everyone. I will first provide a quick summary of our fourth fiscal quarter results and then outline our business outlook. Revenue for the period was $313.3 million, up 37% year-over-year and 14% sequentially, versus our updated guidance of 310 million. Gross profit was $137.3 million or 43.8% of revenue, a 290 basis point year-over-year expansion which was driven by a product mix that increasingly includes higher-margin vertical market in 3G solutions, volume ramp of new products, margin enhancing demand driven capital investments, continued manufacturing productivity enhancements and product end and yield improvements. Operating expenses were 55.5 million, of which R&D was 33.5 million and SG&A was $22 million, yielding $81.8 million of operating income and a 26.1% operating margin, a 750 basis point improvement year-over-year. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was 400,000 of expense, while cash taxes were 2.7 million. As a result our net income was $78.8 million, or $0.43 of diluted earnings per share versus our guidance of $0.40. I did want to point out that we recognize the $0.02 per share benefit associated with lower than expected taxes in the quarter. Excluding this benefit our fourth quarter earnings per share would have been $0.41. Turning to the balance sheet, during the quarter we increased our net cash position by 69 million sequentially driven by 82 million in operating income, recorded 12 million of depreciation and invested 29 million in capital expenditures. As a result we exited the quarter with 459 million of cash and cash equivalent. Having completed the six-inch capacity expansion in our Newbury Park fab last year, we have strategically focused our more recent CapEx investments on expanding our assembly and test capabilities in support of our improving outlook and high visibility. These back end investments come from our 6 inch wafer transition and hybrid outsourcing model and are focused on equipment adds to eliminate internal bottle necks. Importantly and inversely all cases we anticipate these investments to payback within the fiscal year, while expanding margins and improving our return on invested capital. Now to our business outlook: Based on specific program ramps and backlog coverage, we are forecasting current quarter revenue of 330 to 335 million, gross margin expansion to roughly 44.5% and operating expenses of approximately $57 million, yielding a 27 to 28% non-GAAP operating margin, which is squarely on track to our previously outlined medium-term operating model target. Below the line we expect 200,000 of net interest and other expense and incidentally we anticipate paying off our 50 million credit facility this period further deleveraging our balance sheet. This repayment will be an accretive use of cash given that the rate on the facility is significantly higher than our earned interest rate. Also of note based on the implementation on a number of business initiatives we now believe that our cash tax rate for Q1 and for the remainder of fiscal year 2011 will be 9% as compared with our prior outlook for a 10% to 12% cash tax rate. As a result, we expect to increase our operational non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.44 in the December quarter off a base of 187 million shares. Well, that concludes our prepared remarks and operator, let us go ahead and open the lines for questions.
Operator: Absolutely. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions) We will go first with Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, thanks and guys, congratulations on good numbers and guide. I wanted to ask two things first. I know you are not giving guidance here on the March quarter but given all the momentum we are seeing in the business, how would you think we need to think about seasonality for you guys in the March quarter? And second, on looking at your accounts receivables and inventories, this is the first time in four-five years that we have seen both actually grow into September quarter. Historically, there has been flat if not down – can you give us a little bit more color into that?
David Aldrich:  Hi, Ittai. Thank you. The strength we are seeing today as you know as we have said in the prepared comments is being heavily influenced by demand in the mobile internet and we talked about some new programs that are ramping for us outside of handsets in energy management home motivations and networking products. So, for us, we think that there will certainly be seasonality in margin and most people take that to be 8, 9, 10%. I don’t see any reason to forecast anything different than that and we hope to be able to outperform that given the specific program ramps we talked about.
Donald Palette:  Hi, Ittai. This is Don. On the AR in the inventories both will be as lined items on the balance sheet are our director’s volume during the quarter and anticipated future volumes so in the case of AR, it is ultra combination of sales being out and also the linear areas tails that affects what the balance is at the end of each quarter. Our DSO versus in this quarter versus any of the prior quarters this time of year is consistent with what has been. It is not a velocity issue of collections. And on inventory, I turned it actually off from where they have been on prior periods so it is strictly a volume issue.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: Was the linearity in this quarter any different than in the past?
Donald Palette: Slightly, but it is enough – it is really volume and a little bit of linearity but again, the DSO is consistent with what has been in the past.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: Very good. Good luck, guys.
David Aldrich: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Craig Ellis with Caris & Company
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company:  Thanks for taking the question and nice job once again on the results, guys. I am not sure if this is for Don or Dave but as you look at the outlook and think about the underlying businesses, can you help us understand some of the gives and takes across the handset business, linear products, etc?
David Aldrich: Thank you. This is Dave. Maybe I can help you with this. I would say that clearly in the mobile internet spaced smart phones tablets and some of the feature-rich phones where we are benefitting from some of our chips and relationships we are seeing strong momentum there. And we are also seeing as we talked about some these energy management home automation. They are starting from the small base where we are seeing sequential growth there. We are seeing some choppiness clearly in China. We factored that into our guidance but we have seen some areas of softness in that part of the world. We have been monitoring our inventory levels both with distributors and very, very closely and there is no issue there. There is no inventory overhead anywhere that we can see. As you probably know almost half of our revenue now goes through this consigned hubs that we have very, very good visibility in the component supplies. We don’t think there is an inventory overhang anywhere in the channel that we could see in the mixed shakes throughout the way I described.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: And the handset comment – excuse me, the China comment was that handset infrastructure or both?
David Aldrich:  It is really handset – actually we are seeing some nice strength in infrastructure. We talked about HUAWEI and ZTE, we won some system package of VCO/Synthesizer business there so our share of those two customers is expanding so it is really the well-publicized handset softening that we have been dealing with now for a few months.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Anthony Stoss with Craig Hallum Capital.
Anthony Stoss – Craig Hallum Capital:  Hi, guys, also my compliments. Can you talk a little bit more about capacity on where you are at, how much more room you have or AWS has. Also, kind of lead times on what percent might be put to your guidance. Thanks.
David Aldrich: Sure. And Anthony we will talk a little bit about capacity. Right now, we believe we are well-positioned with our current capacity profile and our ability to meet customer demand. We will successfully increase our capacity over the last three to four quarters all of our internal fabs and our assembly and test operations. We will also continue to leverage the hybrid manufacturing model and with that leverage with this dual combination of expanding internal capacity preparing our suppliers to get rid of handling capacity. This will allow us to keep internal utilization high, leverage with external partners and with both of those things aimed at rose margin expansion and our return on investment capital expansion. That is the end result for us.
Anthony Stoss – Craig Hallum Capital: Okay, the percent booked to your guide currently?
David Aldrich:  Consistent with the way we typically do this forecast when you look at back log and you look at the hub hole forecast it is virtually 100%.
Anthony Stoss – Craig Hallum Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you for taking my question. First on China – do you have better exposure or better flat rates to some of the basement ecosystems there that others and there is a little bit of a share shift price going on in that market. I just was just wondering how diversified you are across baseband ecosystems.
Liam Griffin: Jonathan, this is Liam. We are diversifying in sort of the immediate technical larger player and we have great position there. We have expanded which (inaudible) and smaller players like Mstar. So we will be diversified as much as possible across the basement partners. Another move that we are making now that you will are going to see the benefits of in 2011 is consorted effort to penetrate HUAWEI and ZTE more fully. Moving in the 3G Technology – they are basically in China right now. The lead players for 3G to are doing some great work with data cards as well as handsets and as Dave has alluded to our infrastructure opportunity in China looks very promising. We are starting to see strength now come together in our integrated package is not – I think that has a tremendous operation cycle worth coming in 2011.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank: In a case of HUAWEI and ZTE handset business do you sell them directly now or does it go through distribution?
Liam Griffin: Directly. We sell directly there.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS:  Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to get the idea of your design and momentum in the sense that I mean – I just wanted to get a feel of (inaudible) is going to shape out based on your current designing and based on your designing momentum. Like now, do you feel that you are getting share at your existing customers?
Liam Griffin:  I think really the good news in the transformation of our business over the last few years has been it has moved so far away from many commoditized business like the old 2G days when there was an opportunity to win a design and then have to reoffer or recompete for that design. Today it is all around pretty highly customized solutions with our chips and partners going at specific statements or specific OEMs and so we know what we wanted and we know where we are positioned and I think one thing that is very, very unique about us is that we are in production with all OEMs and all smart phone manufacturer. We have relationships and volume with all of the major baseband providers in the world – all of them. So I think at the market as we describe at our analyst day and then prepared comments for smart phones, for tablets and the overall handset market is going to be strong. It is going to be shifting again away from the low end, low performance towards future phones and the high end. That is a clear shift that will continue and we have decreased our share in each one of those segments going in 2011 versus where we are at 2010. We are very confident of that because it is kind of something you do not launch a phone in 2011 unless you are working in that ecosystem 18 months ago.
Parag Agarwal – UBS:  Okay. Don, if you look at the gross margin how should we think about incremental gross margin going forward to 2011 and also how is the offers going to trend?
Donald Pallete:  Okay, again we do not guide out beyond the current quarter but the way to think of it I think is related to the business model target that we have at 30% return. With that model works to the minimum of 45%, we have a higher goal on that internally but clearly if you think in terms as revenues continues to ramp and we continue to focus on initiatives we have in place and we continue to get the higher dollar content, the higher margin that we are getting with the product shift that is going on with each segment, those are all going to be margin enhancers and will continue to drive margin forward to that minimum goal 45 which again makes that 30% model work with a higher goal internally to drive that number above that.
Operator: Thank you we will go next to Quinn Bolton with Needham & Co
Quinn Bolton – Needham & Co.: Hey, Dave, I just wanted to try and reconcile your comments about the inventory comment on the call there last night. Did they see a typical – bigger than typical seasonal build at the holidays? They sort of cautioned that they might have to work out of that margin on June. It does not feel like you are necessarily seeing the same things but just wondering if you could provide some additional comment?
David Aldrich: As I said, we are benefiting by the fact that we are in this hub arrangements with virtually all of our major customers and increasing now even with our linear product customers so the way those works is a work in the forecast that forecast is updating continuously but more importantly we are able to see into to their production volumes and how they pulling and drawing those lines. And so there really is no opportunity to have component build in inventory because we are watching it real time daily in fact. So we benefit from that and we do have our distribution businesses where you can get kind of caught up in and out of itself when we look at the turns for where every component with the distributors we have and we have gotten better over the year that really being able to question and challenge where we are seeing puts and takes on that inventory and we think that it is quite in control. So I would say that given what we know today we do not see any meaningful packets of inventory anywhere that I can point to.
Quinn Bolton – Needham & Co.: It sounds like that you are looking at from the component perspective, is that correct?
David Aldrich: That is correct. 
Quinn Bolton – Needham & Co.:  Do you have any view into the retail channel for mobile phone that might be the difference?
Liam Griffin: Yeah, I know absolutely. This is Liam. We speak with our customers on a regular basis specifically let us say the top five major handsets OEMs and the larger smart phone players. We are having discussions with them weekly. We have very good visibility for the hub equation that David mentioned so that gives us in fact day by day inventory visibility and with respect to carrier inventory right now we feel like it is in balance.
Operator: We go next to Nathan Johnson with Pacific Crest Securities
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities : Yes, thanks for taking my question. I just want to talk a little bit on the competitive situation that one of your key competitors has been certainly talking quite a bit about the expectation per share gain (inaudible) their version of (inaudible) on 2011. I just want to get your guys’ perspective on how important (inaudible) is going to be in 2011 and how Skyworks is addressing that particular setup and then secondly just as far coming back to the design link question given the amount of customization and it sounds like increasingly going this whole source, I was just curious – how far out you guys now are seeing design? Did you have a sense for the next six months? Do you have an idea of the designs you were into even beyond that or you could just try some color there?
David Aldrich: I think it varies from customer to customer. I would say for the most part we are competing for designs today that are in the 2012 timeframe. The 2011 designs have been in those ecosystems if you will. By ecosystem, I mean you know the front end provider working with the baseband chips set providers selling into either a broad channel to a reference design or into a specific OEM. I know the decisions have been made for (inaudible) production 2011. So the visibility is quite good of how our position and in answering the question about how important it is if we would just look at (inaudible) you need because we do shift to all the OEMs and we are on all the baseband platforms not every baseband platform but all the baseband partners. Major baseband suppliers use our chipsets. So we are able to get a good sense where the market is directing or it is moving and it really is the case typically for 2011-2012. It depends. We have customers who are using very performance-oriented, quite discreet solution because they are very concerned with the overall high – keeping the high absolute performance. Those designs are quite discreet. At the other end of this spectrum there are customers and there have been partners driving a multimode hybrid but different approaches –very different approaches, different technical architectures around what that multimode would look like. Not different as to what they will do but how they will be architected in the system and then there are a number of customers who are somewhere in between our code hybrid – some discreet elements to gain performance of certain specific bands and for certain markets and then coupling others in highly integrated call of multimode if you will so it is an important solution. It is one of several and we have very good visibility in to what customer want and we actually follow our customers’ lead and we work very closely with our partners to make sure that the technological solution we provide is competitive and we are very, very competitive across the discreet solution – the hybrid solution of multimode.  Can you maybe elaborate a little bit more different on how you expect your (inaudible) to differ from the empowered (inaudible)?
David Aldrich: I think that there are different technical approaches to how one might implement the chipset itself but let us be clear. The architecture that this various converge platforms are going after had been set, the foot prints has been set, the current consumption goals had been set, the power and the efficiency has been set, the all of the said set of systems specification are designed and known and we are meeting and or exceeding those system specifications in the architecture and our cost structure is lower than anybody. We are convinced to that for a lot of reasons so I think we are extremely competitive relatives to the system specs that our customers or partners need.
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities : Let me just add that you know every customer is given access and visibility to each one of the technologies that David mentioned fully converged a hybrid or discreet and really the way this pendulum works is the more discreet implementation the better performance. You literally build a device for a specific frequency and a specific band rather than comprising in a converged environment. I can tell you that customers today the most compelling OEMs and smart phones and tablets, these data rich devices that we mentioned is a performance driven market. It is performance driven market. We can go in any one of the three boxes but what we were seeing now is a prevailing view that has been go performance. Give me the values solution but it needs to be a high performance and that is leading more towards hybrid or discreet.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Tore Svanberg for Stifel Nicolaus.
Eric – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys for taking the question this is Eric calling in for Tore. Maybe you could just elaborate a little more the (inaudible) integrated product we just discussed now. If you could talk a bit about the performance of your solution and perhaps give some customer feedback to date any known issues. That will be helpful. 
David Aldrich: The customer feedback has been extraordinarily good. Extraordinarily good. These devices are complicated. They are being implemented in different architectural approaches. At the end of the day, the customer does not care to the extent that it meets its size, performance cost and system specifications. And so we look at the marked key customers who we think that can be either early adapters or drive volumes of those products. We believe we have the best solution in the industry. And we are getting that feedback from our baseband partners. We are getting that feedback from major customers.
Eric – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that is helpful. Maybe just two quick ones, could you give the split between the linear and the handset business and then maybe just comment on where the yields are and cycle times based on the similar commentary you gave last month or the end September 30 during your analyst data? It would be helpful, thanks.
David Aldrich: I heard the split between the handset and linear is consistent from where it is been for the last several quarters 80% handset, 20% linear. One of the points I wanted to make on that is that we talked a lot about that our linear product business. The margin are created with the overall business and that is certainly true but one of the things that I wanted to point out is that we have had some pretty strong growth factors in the handset business and we have been able to that linear product percentage is not moving a lot being fairly consistent flat for the last multiple quarters. We still have been able to consistently grow and expand our product margins and our operating margins and that is a direct result of the mix that you are seeing within linear products and within handset as well and we just guided a 700-point margin improvement. So just want to make that point that the core products within each of those segments – the tide is rising on a margin (inaudible) to those.
Eric – Stifel Nicolaus: As a follow on with Donald’s comments, with these multi-mode solutions the very first large customer going into high volume production will be early in 2011. The yields on those products and the margins on those products look very good. And to that we will be the first supplier in volume production with the multi-mode solution in the world and the yields looks very good on those products.
Operator: We will take our next question from Richard Shannon with Northland Capital.
Richard Shannon – Northland Securities: Hi guys. Once again congratulation to very nice numbers. My first question I guess is on the pricing environment. It seems like this year been a fairly good pricing environment relative to your historical norms. You have talked about the transition from more discreet solutions to customized modules going forward. I would love to get your thoughts on how the pricing environments flushing out for next year is going to be more like what you see in past years or more like what you see on 2010 or how do you see that playing out?
Liam Griffin: Chard, this is Liam. Yeah, the pricing environment has been not well balanced so far, nothing unusual. What we are seeing as I mentioned earlier is what we really liked about this market today is there is so many opportunities for us to differentiate and deliver solutions using creative architectures. Again, playing off with our performance theme so we believe that we are going to see devices going to 2011 quite a bit different than what we are shaping out in 2010. A lot more integration in some cases. There are some higher performance devices in market like LTE. There you can have very significant ASPs but also provide great performance and great value to the customers. So I would think 2011 would work a little bit like 2010 and maybe more favorable from these perspective.
Richard Shannon – Northland Securities: Okay, great. Second question, you talked about some great growth drivers in both in your wireless and your linear product group there is. As you see today, 2011, any sense of which group would either one grow faster or mature faster than the other or they look both kind of in a similar growth range?
David Aldrich: They have been both growing similarly which is a testament to the strength of (inaudible) in your product. I think you have probably seen that the diversified in locked market has been struggling a little bit with overall top line growth rate. That has not been the case with us. Part of it is because we are relatively new to some of the vertical market we discussed in our prepared comments so the starting for small base then grow trajectory quite high in energy management network infrastructure and so on. So that is the case and you will see that even within our handset business – that handset business now is queuing so heavily towards smart phones, towards tablets, towards very featured rich products and the ASP with those products is very high in the margin profile is different better. And so it is a very different market. Our (inaudible) business is becoming more customed. I see vertical market driven in less component like and our handset business is becoming much more customed solution oriented around high value, high performance. We are offering our customers a great deal of functionality for the dollar which puts much pressure on the ASP.
Operator: Thank you. We are going next to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thank you very. Dave, can you give us some idea, I mean given that you have the historical breakdown with Finland in your handset. Did you know that it has given a lot of ground that Nokia recently and then of course your number one customer (inaudible) has done well. Is it safe to say that the business from your top two customers is more than 30% of total revenue?
David Aldrich: Yeah. The top 10 percentage costumers – they are the same as the previous quarter with Nokia, Samsung and (inaudible).
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: But even if you combined those three are we talking 15% of total revenue, 35%, 40%?
David Aldrich: We do not break those percentages down. The only time we do any percentages, anybody who is 10% or exact numbers when we do the (inaudible) on an annual basis. But quarterly Ed, we do not provide that detail.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: I know and that why I was asking for the color. Okay. On the converged side of the business, as you know I may commit a big deal of winning some flaws as limited to (inaudible) and I know we tried chatting about this in the past. It appears that several people are technically having difficulty with the truly converged PA. Is this informed maybe your trust in a more discreet hybrid solutions or while trying to get to hear in your discussion with the OEMs given some of the difficulty, the technical difficulty that people are getting solutions to work. Is this coloring their move or deployed road map that maybe use hybrids up to the 3, maybe in 4 band level for some of the converged or smart phones or do you think this all going to fall by the wayside in the next 18 months and that will make a much bigger push to the more truly converged amplifiers that we are using right now?
David Aldrich: It is a lot of questions there but I appreciate it. I believe that these converged platforms will play. They will get the technical issue resolved. They are very complicated. But they will work. They will take longer to get to market than most people projected because that is often the case with new technology. I am also convinced that it will be a market that becomes segmented around different technological solutions. We are now developing product to per customer baseband specification for 2012, 2013 that are very much a hybrid single bands of LTE around some degree of hybrid converged type platform but not completely converged and there are others that will drive towards a more highly integrated. And the trade-off will be performance versus cost versus cost in size. And market will settle into different issues. I think we will utilize one architectural approach versus another so we are very, very agnostic. For us it is we are equally investing in whatever flavor our customer wants and today our customers’ talking to somebody who addresses all of them. They want all of the above. Literally, all of the above.
Operator: Thank you. And once again it is star 1 for questions. We are next to Cody Acree with Williams Financial.
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: Thanks and congrats on the numbers. If you look through 11 and 12 and a little further out, significant drivers to verticals (inaudible) maintain but the new inputs have not been seen in the years past. How do you expect as we head into 2012 your vertical mix to start to shake out on a product basis or maybe on a (inaudible) basis?
David Aldrich: I think on a product basis, it will be a product line that is most highly integrated. There will be more silicon content, there will be more frequency conversion, functionality, more complicated devices, a little bit less of the jelly bean components that maybe - launched us into the catalogue business a few years ago. Still a great business but I think that is where the growth will come from. And it will come from the areas we discussed in the prepared comments.
Liam Griffin: Yeah. I think one of the dynamics that we do see in vertical is that every market can converge into wireless in every year so we are seeing things like smart energy 2, 3 years back was a wire line business. The wire line (inaudible) we mentioned some things like LED streetlights monitoring, home automation, security, surveillance, things like that. All of those markets now are kind of coming in on tangents off of our smart energy core. We are also now giving (inaudible) working in wireless infrastructure again. Not only interesting but we can deliver now but looking at ways to expand our (inaudible) in our camp. So I think you are going to hear more about specific segments as well as discreet new vertical market.
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: Great. And Liam, I guess following onto that, what is the competitive dynamic differentials in the new vertical versus maybe where you used to compete on the more discreet 2 to 3G (inaudible)?
Liam Griffin: Yeah. I mean that is a great question. We see a whole different customer set when we look at these protocols now. It is as David mentioned that there is still heavily silicon-based technology. We are using creative designs to try to create a better mouse trap so to speak. So we cannot just go in and blow away components. We look at systems, highly system level packages here. Thing we have done with (inaudible) are perfect examples where we going to grade 6 to 7 components to deliver a very high valued, high performance solution that puts up tremendous various entries. So that is going to be the theme around our protocol position. And so is (inaudible), try to deliver something differently but also take advantage of our technical T&A.
Operator: Thank you and with that we have no further question in queue. I like to turn the call back to Mr. Aldrich for any additional or closing comment.
David Aldrich: Thank you very much for participating on today’s call and we are looking forward in seeing you at our upcoming conferences.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Aldrich – President and Chief Executive Officer Donald Palette – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Liam Griffin – Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing Thomas Schiller – Vice President, Corporate Development
Analysts:  Parag Agarwal – UBS Brett Piira – Caris Company Alex Guana – JMP Securities Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer  Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank Todd Kaufman – Raymond James Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Aalok Shah – DA Davidson Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Quinn Bolton - Needham  
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions Q3 fiscal year 2010 earnings call. This call is being recorded. Now at this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Tom Schiller, Investor Relations. Mr. Schiller, please go ahead.
Thomas Schiller:  Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Skyworks F3Q 2010 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer, and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview, followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines to your questions. Please note that the statements today will contain comments referring to future results that are forward looking as defined in the Securities Litigation Form Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement. It is consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the investor relations section of our company website for our complete reconciliation with GAAP. With that I will now turn the call over to Dave with his comments on the quarter.
David Aldrich:  Thank you, Tom, and welcome everyone. I’m pleased to report today that Skyworks exceeded F3Q guidance for revenue, the gross and operating margin, as well as earnings per share. This is driven by our momentum in mobile internet and continued penetration into new vertical markets and a broad set of diversified analog applications. Specifically for the quarter, we delivered revenue of $275 million. This is up 44% year-over-year and up 16% sequentially. We expanded our gross margin to 43.3%, and our operating margin to 23.1%. In turn we grew operating income 122% year-over-year to $64 million, and we posted $0.32 to EPS – now this is $0.02 better than our guidance.  With respect to the balance sheet, we retired another $20 million of March 2010 convertible debt, and we exited the quarter with $390 million of cash.  As our results reflect, we continue to make progress along our strategic objectives, and these are namely first, diversifying across both end markets and customers; second, continuously improving our operational execution and in turn delivering leverage and higher financial returns. Now I’ll go through each briefly. First, on the diversification front, we are adding new customers and we’re entering new vertical markets. When we talk about vertical markets we’re really referring to underserved, high margin segments where we can provide a custom analog solution that leverages our broad technology footprint to improve our customer’s overall system performance.  And in addition to entering new markets, we’re expanding our customer base. Not that long ago, you may recall, our revenue was heavily concentrated with a few tier-one handset OEMs, and today not only do we support the industry-leading handset manufacturers and smartphone providers, we’re also delivering highly-integrated solutions to key energy management suppliers such as Itron, Silver Spring Networks, Sensus, Landis + GYR, while addressing new markets and vertical applications. I’d like to give just a few examples of our diversifications, specifically during the quarter. Some examples are we’ve ramped DBS solutions in support of DirecTV and the Dish Network. We commenced shipments of attenuators for Cisco’s multi-room DVR for use in Verizon’s FIOS applications. We captured key design wins with broadband control ICs at some leading netbook and network OEMs. We supported Garmin’s GPS business and Europe’s largest supplier of electric toll tag systems with next generation analog components. And finally we powered Samsung’s 4G USB modem. This is the world’s first commercialized LTE device. These are just among a few concrete examples of our diversification strategies and practice. Okay, now with respect to operational execution, we improved end-to-end manufacturing yields during the quarter, we continued to drive to reduce our development cycle times while increasing inventory turns. And in addition we continue to seek operations to leverage our scale advantage and our hybrid outsourcing model. And finally, as our improving fundamentals reflect, we’ve made substantial progress towards our established financial targets. Last quarter we delivered a 280 basis point year-over-year expansion in gross margin, and an 820 basis point in our operating margin. And we have specific action plans in place to deliver further improvements.  Okay, now that we’ve hopefully put our strategy into context, let me elaborate on what’s fueling Skyworks’ top line growth, and how we positioned ourselves to outpace our addressable markets.  Today we’re capitalizing on three distinct business segments – mobile internet, vertical markets, and analog components. So first, with regard to the mobile internet, we believe the smartphone segment is poised to grow at 3x to 4x the 8% to 10% growth rate anticipated for the overall cellular handset market. For Skyworks, this market is growing at an even faster pace, given our increasingly customized solutions and our very strong relationships with leading OEMs along with the rising tide of analog content, as carriers and consumers shift to band-intensive 3G and 4G platforms. And we’re very fortunate today to be shipping to virtually all cellular OEMs and smartphone providers. Another rapidly growing segment that is often overlooked is embedded wireless. We estimate that there are 50 million units of USB modems, tablets, and mobile hotspots that were sold in 2009, scaling to roughly 250 million by 2013. This is an 83% compounded growth rate. And this outlook we think could prove conservative given the opportunity to easily upgrade the world’s online computers with 3G and 4G USB modems on top of this entirely new tablet category, which is clearly off to a very strong start. And we continue to gain traction on the other side of the mobile internet connection as well within network infrastructure, as mobile operators begin to install new base stations, routers, and back haul network equipment to avoid network traffic jams and to preserve their highly profitable data service revenue stream.  To support this growth we’ve developed a portfolio of network infrastructure solutions that include attenuators, BCO synthesizers, mixers, low noise amplifiers and demodulators; and specifically during the quarter we introduced high performance broadband synthesizers spanning ultra wide frequency ranges. We ramped LTE attenuators at Erickson, and we’re very proud that we received a Milestone Technology Award from WAWE in recognition of excellence in base station innovation. Very proud of that. So in short global penetration of the mobile internet will entail upgrades to both existing client devices, as well as to the spurring network infrastructure. And at Skyworks we’ve deployed resources to secure an early mover advantage as these segments continue to ramp. Now, the second leg of our growth strategy is we’re in new vertical markets. As we’ve outlined in the past, we continue to make investments in systems applications and design within adjacent high margin analog segments. A couple of recent examples include smart grid and home and building automation applications. According to a recent study by ABI Research, cumulative growth investment in smart grid will exceed $45 billion in the next five years, as both government and utilities repair, upgrade, and transform their aging infrastructure. Smart grid offers utilities real-time, two-way communications with each segment of the electrical grid accessing local, loads, usage, and efficiency 24 hours a day. Much of the developed world relies on energy transmission technology, an infrastructure that was built between 60 and 80 years ago – and it’s beginning to show its age particularly as users experience usage restrictions and brown outs. Meanwhile we’re beginning to see home and building applications take shape. Here we’re providing ZigBee-based solutions for security monitoring and management. Specific applications include lighting control, door and window sensors, as well as wireless appliance and temperature controllers. The customer set here includes Honeywell, GE, LG, and Whirlpool. Now following more than a decade of promise, we now see the home and building automation market gaining real momentum given demand for green technologies, for enhanced security and energy conservation. Skyworks has added significant value through analog integration and by leveraging our scale. Finally, as a third growth sector we are leveraging our standard analog catalog business to address a myriad of mature and emerging segments. Today, with more than 1000 customers and with over 2500 analog products, our solutions are being leveraged across a broad set of applications including automotive, avionics, satellite, medical, military and industrial, just to name a few. This business increasingly provides us higher margins, a very diversified customer base, and long, almost annuity-like product life cycles. In summary, given these growth drivers we are entering the back half of 2010 on a steep growth trajectory, underpinned by our accelerating design and momentum, and our deep product pipeline. Stepping back, Skyworks continues to execute towards the multi-year business transformation we’ve outlined. We’ve made the investments necessary to capitalize on the growth in our addressable markets, to deliver operating leverage and in turn we believe to continue to create shareholder value.  I’ll now turn this call over to Don for his financial review.
Donald Palette:  Thanks, Dave. And thanks for joining us, everyone. First, I will provide a quick summary of our F3Q results and then outline our business outlook. Revenue for the period was $275.4 million, up 44% year-over-year and 16% sequentially, versus our guidance of 10% to 15% sequential growth. Gross profit was $119.2 million, or 43.3% of revenue, a 280 basis point year-over-year expansion which was driven by a product mix that increasingly includes higher-margin vertical markets and 3G solutions, volume ramp of new products, continued manufacturing productivity enhancements, product and yield improvements and significant cost reductions. Operating expenses were $55.6 million, of which R&D was $33 million and SG&A was $22.6 million, yielding $63.5 million of operating income and a 23.1% operating margin, an 820 basis point improvement year-over-year. Our net interest and other income expense for the quarter was $400,000 of expense, while taxes were $4.4 million, a 7% tax rate. As a result our net income was $58.7 million, or $0.32 of diluted earnings per share versus our guidance of $0.30.  Turning to the balance sheet, during the quarter we recorded $12 million of depreciation. We retired $20 million of convertible debt, and we invested $25 million in capital expenditures as we anticipate a strong second half ramp. As a result we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $390 million.  Now to our business outlook: Based on specific program ramps and backlog coverage, we are forecasting F4Q revenue of $300 million, gross margin expansion to between 43.5% and 44%, and operating expenses of approximately $55.5 million to $56 million, yielding a 25% operating margin which is squarely on track to our previously outlined medium-term operating model target. Below the line we expect $400,000 of net interest expense and other income expense, and a 7% cash tax rate. In turn we expect to deliver diluted earnings per share of $0.37 off of a base of 186,000,000 shares. Further, based on our innovative product portfolio and strong operational execution, we expect to deliver sustainable growth, expanding margins, and operating leverage from our current $1.2 billion annualized revenue run rate, and earnings based on nearly $1.50 per share. In fact, we plan to elaborate on our growth drivers and introduce our new financial model at our upcoming Analyst Day, September 21st in Boston. Well that concludes our prepared remarks, and Operator, you can go ahead and open up the lines for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our first question will come from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Thanks for taking my questions and great job on the quarter. Firstly I wanted to drill down on your gross margin; you did spend it very well. As w go forward and you near capacity, just wondering how much headroom we have in the gross margins. And also could you elaborate about your manufacturing strategy given that you are bringing in a lot of capacity in house?
Don Palette:  Parag, thanks for the question. This is Don. We believe we have a lot of headroom left in the margin, and you know, we talked about a number of, at minimum 45% on a go forward basis as we continue to expand the top line. And a lot of the levers that are going to allow us to do that are the same that you’ve seen in the past. One of the key things is going to be product mix. As we ramp our new margin degree of products - which are a higher percentage of vertical market and 3G solutions, and they have a pretty good margin, the overall margin of the business - we’re going to get a nice benefit from that. We’re going to continue to diversify our revenue base.  Clearly volume and scale will allow us to continue to expand margins, and something that we focus on on a day-to-day basis – operational execution. We're going to continue to deliver improvements in key metrics at all of our factories and you know, we’ve also got our cutover to the 6” wafers and then there’s targeted margin expanding CAPEX investments we’re making as well. So all those things are going to contribute to moving our margins forward.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay. And as a follow-up, you hinted towards a strong ramp in second half. Just wondering if you could provide more color on that? And also can you talk about ramp, the Nokia ramp, update us on the Nokia ramp into the second half?
David Aldrich:  Okay, well we only guide obviously one quarter out but we do see that the programs we’ve identified in both our cellular business and smartphones as well as our vertical markets are continuing to gain some traction, so we expect to see ongoing sequential growth in those areas. So we’re excited about that. As we outlined in the prepared comments we now have the three legs of the stool, which is not only our smartphone and cellular business, but an increasing list of vertical markets that have a lot of headway for us as well as our ongoing growth in our catalog business. With respect to Nokia, this quarter they’re roughly a 10% customer. We’re very happy with that, we’re proud of that. And we have just begun to ramp into some of the segments where we haven’t previously participated. So we see ourselves rounding out that portfolio, and as we’ve identified in the past, continue to see sequential growth as we move from primarily being a 3G provider in the past to being lined out in their entire portfolio, we think sometime between now and 2011.
Operator:  Our next question is from Craig Ellis with Caris Company.
Brett Piira – Caris Company: Thanks for taking my question. This is Brett Piira for Craig Ellis. How should we think about the growth profile of your smart meters going forward? Is that going to be lumpy, pretty steady? And what are your thoughts on when it can become a $100 million business?
Liam Griffin:  Sure, this is Liam. That portfolio for us continues to be one of the most dynamic within our vertical market business. It is a multi-billion dollar end market, there’s no question about that. There’s a great deal of stimulus money behind it in the US, initiatives from utilities and even from the administration. Right now it continues to be a leading driver within our non-handset portfolio. We've done a nice job of engaging with some of the top providers of the meters themselves. And then kind of an adjacent market that is really pulling from this is the home automation space, and we see that really growing very rapidly through 2011, all the way through 2015 and beyond.  So it’s a business that will continue to grow. It’s not really bump; it’s slow, steady growth for us. And we’re going to be up again this quarter and I think you're going to see sequential growth into 2011.
Brett Piira – Caris Company: Okay, thanks. And then on your backlog coverage, I know last quarter you were pretty close to 100% booked. What’s it looking like this quarter?
Don Palette:  Brett, this is Don. It’s a very similar percentages as we discussed last quarter, and it really goes to the whole process and approach we take to forecasting. We take a very conservative view and we like to have a very, very high coverage and a backlog before we’ll commit and guide to a revenue number.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Alex Guana with JMP Securities.
Alex Guana – JMP Securities:  Thanks very much, congratulations on the strong quarter. I was wondering if you could talk to maybe some of your exposure in China. There was a little bit of a fall off in media tech environment. I’m wondering if you saw that late in the quarter, if it was disruptive to you; and what the outlook might be for some of the upgrade cycle that’s going on in that market as well.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, sure. China is certainly an important market for Skyworks. We’re a big fan of that region. We've invested quite a bit in the ecosystem. To your point we did see some choppiness in the account base there, and we serve up to 100 small OEMs in that market. There has been some choppiness; we think it’s righting itself right now and should improve as we get into the second half of the year to some degree. But Alex, in addition to the traditional handset guys that we work with, we are seeing some very good progress across the infrastructure space, mainly with companies like WAWE and BTE; and as Dave noted we were awarded not only the technology award plus plaque but also some great business with WAWE over the last quarter.
David Aldrich: And I think one thing I would add is that the business model that we’ve worked very hard to create is in one way we’re diversified across OEM customer set as well as region. So as Liam talked about we have seen softness in China, it’s well publicized, but we also saw relative strength elsewhere. So when we factor all that in, even as we’ve seen OEM shifts for example, we’ve been able to capitalize where there’s been strength and have been able to weather where there’s been weakness. And I think that’s just a factor in our business. Overall, the total market looks quite strong and we tend to ride that overall market as we are diversified so broadly and we’re able to take share.
Alex Guana – JMP Securities:  As a follow-up, is some of that chop expected to continue into the current quarter? And if you could remind us then, what normal seasonality is for the December quarter and if that chop might turn into a benefit in that time frame, if it recovers?
David Aldrich:  Well, when we tabulated our forecast we made the assumption that there would be continued chop. So we factored that into our planning as an attempt to be conservative. And normal seasonality for us is that December quarter would be up maybe 5% to 10%.
Alex Guana – JMP Securities: Okay, thanks very much.
David Aldrich:  You’re welcome.
Operator:  And we’ll next go to Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley:  Hey guys, thank you so much for taking my call and great job on the quarter. Just had a question: you’ve had some sizable growth the last couple of quarters, and I just want to touch on your manufacturing strategy. If you could help us understand, or if you had to put a confidence level around your ability to meet demand, are you guys sort of capacity restrained internally and externally or is that not an issue, and kind of the guidance is indicative of the end market demand?
David Aldrich:  Yeah, that’s a great question, and we’re working very hard. In fact, our supply chain people have been with our suppliers across the board here all the time, trying to make sure we secure mindshare and all the capacity we need to support all our customers. We did a couple of things Don talked about in the prepared comments – the investments we made this last quarter in capital expenditures. And if you go back and look at what we said over the last couple of quarters, we are seeing tightness in supply and assembly and test, and we’re seeing it wait for supply. We’re seeing some minor component shortages but they’re very manageable we believe. And so what we’ve done in the last couple of quarters, the beauty of our hybrid model is that we have licensed or we can produce internally as well as externally assembly test, PHep and HBT foundry capabilities. So what we’ve done is we’ve addressed the bottlenecks in all our internal areas and we’ve essentially doubled down and added investment there so that we have the flexibility moving through really the October, November timeframe, and December, that we can pull in what we need to pull in if we get disappointed with either assembly tests or our own wafer side.  So I think, I can judge by the tone of your comment – I share the concern that there’s tightness in supply but we’ve increased the investments we’ve already spent there as a way to address it internally, and to dial up the amount of internal manufacturing if we need to. And I think we may. But we’re going to meet the customers’ demand in either event.
Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley: Great. And then just as a follow-up I was wondering if you could touch on cutover to the 6” wafers. If you can kind of give us a sense on how that’s progressing relative to expectations, and when we can kind of see that cutover take over.
Liam Griffin:  Well Sanjay, that cutover has occurred. I mean…
Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley: I mean in terms of when you see volume shipments going over 50% with the new 6”.
David Aldrich:  Everything we’re producing now is 6”. So what happened is we converted, we took our 4” line, and I have to hand it to our operating folks – they actually converted to 6” while running the 4” at very high capacity utilization. You typically don’t see anybody do that. So I’m frankly pretty proud of the way the team operated and executed to that plan. And so when we flipped the switch to 6” or when we migrated to 6” the utilization was reasonably high and you saw no roll off in margin, in fact you saw an improvement – we see an improvement or accretion in margin. Now what we are doing is as demand increases we’ve got plenty of headroom capacity to go internally with this 6” HBT with relatively short lead time, equipment, and human resources or people. So we’re on that path. We see more margin expansion as we grow and we’re able to moderate how much we do internally versus how much we do outside.
Liam Griffin:  Sanjay, that’s the key that causes us to keep that balance and percentage where it needs to be to continue to grow margins.
Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you guys.
Operator:  And we’ll next go to Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer:  Hi guys, congratulations on a good quarter. Had a few questions. Don, first of all on the OPEX, it’s starting to move up – how do we think about that going forward? And also your cash generation this quarter was not all that stellar, a big jump in accounts payable if you can give us some color around that.
Don Palette:  This is Don, Ittai. The first, on the cash usage for the quarter, we actually did consume cash this quarter, roughly around $20 million, but the big driver of that was we spent $33 million to retire some additional convertible debt. It’s a little over $20 million at face value. We’re continuing to focus on optimizing the capital structure – that’s part of that program. There’s only $27 million of our convertible debt remaining that’s due March 2012.  We also, as Dave just alluded to, as part of this making sure that we’re able to handle the customer demand that we expect in the future we increased our capital expenditures for planned program ramps and internal capital expansion. So the takeaway on that is that we expect a very strong cash flow in Q4.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Can you give us more color though around the increase in accounts receivables and payables? It’s one of the biggest I’ve seen in your balance sheets in some time.
Don Palette:  Receivables is a combination just of revenue growth. Our DSO is right in line with what it’s been, there’s no change there; it’s just the timing of revenue shipments. That does affect how quickly you collect. And as far as payables, it’s just in relation- Inventory, we did ramp inventory; that’s just in anticipation of demand in Q4. So that AP just follows the inventory bill – there’s nothing special going on there. 
Operator:  Our next question will come from Jonathan Goldberg and Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, thanks. I was wondering if you could just expand on a question you were talking about earlier in terms of capacity. I'd like to look more at long term. Do you think that the industry can scale? Do you think there’s enough gas capacity out there that you guys can keep up as we start hitting 1.6 billion, 1.7 billion handsets, those kinds of markets?
David Aldrich:  Well, we needed the 6” conversion because when you get the 6” conversion and rough water magnitude you get, each wafer produces a little bit more than 2x the number of dye. So we needed to do that. And now that we’ve gone to 6” we have the opportunity for a relatively small amount of capital to expand that further. We also have an ongoing relationship with an outside provider with a copy-exact process; we can ramp those folks as well. So I think from an HBT standpoint we are in very good shape.  And so the answer to your question is as the industry goes to 1.6 billion handsets we have the capacity to produce what is even at our most aggressive unit volume increase and our share aspirations; when we factor both of those in on the aggressive side we have plenty of capacity. I don’t think that’s an issue. There is tightness of gallium arsenide supply elsewhere in the market but that’s not a concern of ours because we can do it internally.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  The next question is from Todd Kaufman with Raymond James.
Todd Kaufman – Raymond James:  Can I just ask again the question with regard to the pretty sharp increase in accounts receivables? It grew significantly, outpacing your growth and your revenue. What was behind that?
Don Palette:  Todd, this is Don. It went up roughly $50 million from Q2 to Q3. We had a $50 million increase last Q2 to Q3. There’s nothing, it really is just a result of revenue ramp and the timing of the shipment. The DSO is actually flat to what we’ve been performing over the last three to four quarters. So it’s not a velocity issue; it’s just the timing of when the revenue ships. That does drive whether we can collect within a 45 to 50 day window that revenue. Nothing else at all impacted that.
Todd Kaufman – Raymond James: And then just a follow-up. It's sounding like when I hear you that visibility of your business the last couple of quarters is actually much better than it was in a more normalized environment going back a few years. Is that pretty accurate or…? Cause you call out annual run rate, annual earnings run rate now, I think you’ve done that for a couple of quarters in a row. Is that true or the visibility is still basically one quarter looking forward?
David Aldrich:  I think the difference is, there is a difference, you mentioned going back a couple of years. There’s a big difference in the last couple of years. One is that increasingly our business, our products are customized to either a base pan solution or an OEM solution, some cases both. So what we see today is we’re getting designed in much, much earlier in the chip set and architecture solution decision, which means that once we’ve won an order, we’ve won it; once we’ve won a socket, we’ve won it and it goes the life cycle of that, in this case, let’s say it’s a base pan solution, a base pan chip set or a customer OEM platform. So if you go back a couple, three years ago you had a situation where many of the 2G systems were dual-sourced and so there could be an opportunity to win and lose business based on phone refreshes. The only way we lose or win business today is on a platform or on a complete base pan refresh. So once we’re in we’re in, and the only trick then is to be able to accurately forecast what our customers, how many phones our customers are going to ship. Because we absolutely know the share we’ve got – we absolutely know it. It doesn't shift, it doesn't change throughout the life of the program. That’s a big, big difference. The other difference is that our non-handset business that was mostly component-driven a couple of years ago, today it tends to be more custom IC driven into these verticals and then into our analog components business. So those programs again, like the handset example, rather than being commodities sold to a discount channel they’re customized into a solution, whether it’s a base station or an energy management device, or a CATV modem. So it’s the difference between a custom analog business and a component business. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Anthony Stoss with Craig Hallum.
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum:  Hi guys. If you wouldn't mind commenting about a higher percent, kind of 2G versus 3G. Also what percent you send over to AWS or how much you utilize them in the quarter. And give us a sense of your CAPEX needs maybe this quarter and next. Thanks.
Don Palette:  Hi Anthony, this is Don. The mix for the quarter, we’re now slightly more than half 3G versus 2G. We were 52% 3G and 48% 2G. Your other question on CAPEX – I would anticipate it’s going to be a level that you’ve seen in the past few quarters, in the $20 million to $25 million range. We don’t guide cash flow but that’s a number that is not out of the realm of possibilities for us.
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum: Then AWS? Was that about the same, at 15% of production?
Don Palette: Yeah, that number runs 15% to 20%. It’s in that range.
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum: Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from Cody Acree with Williams Financial Group. 
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: Hi guys, great quarter. I can’t believe we’ve got this far in and no one has mentioned inventories. How are things looking within the channel and internal?
David Aldrich:  You broke up, Cody, the last sentence. You want inventories in the channel and what?
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: And internal.
David Aldrich:  Okay. Well, our inventory turns internally have remained very consistent. They’re up a bit so we continue to reduce our cycle times and work the inventory turns, so those -- I think they’re higher than anybody in the space. Our inventory turns run in the high 5 to 6 turns, and that’s quite good in our environment. Externally, you know, remember, Cody, that much more than half of our revenue today now is going either to a hub or to a stocking distributor where we have complete visibility into sell in versus sell through. So one thing we can say for the majority of our business is that there really is no opportunity to see a glut of inventory build because we simply replenish that which is drawn down and used and consumed in manufacturing by our customers. That’s the nature of these hub contracts. So we don’t worry about component inventory builds or our stuff sitting on a shelf somewhere. Now there’s a broader end market question, but in terms of the question you asked which is componentry, we have lean inventory in the distribution channel and no excess inventory in any of the hubs.
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: And how about that end market visibility?
David Aldrich:  Well, the end market visibility is quite good among our major customers. The area that Liam referred to, in China where the visibility gets a little bit more choppy. There’s been some OEM share shifts, there’s been some build up and take down as the governments tried to pushed back on some of the gray market and reduce perhaps the number, the growing number of OEMs shipping into that gray market. So we did see some impact there, we factored that into our guidance. So that’s where the visibility is lowest. It’s quite good elsewhere.
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: Great. And then lastly, with this new structural product mix change, not relying quite so much on the handsets, how does this affect seasonality?
Liam Griffin:  Well, it should for the most part offset the typical handset seasonality. So you see more annuity-like growth with these complex analog, mixed signal, vertical market portfolios.
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group:  If you had to go into a range of quarterly weighs, how does this look first half, second half, Q1 to Q2? What should we expect going forward?
Liam Griffin:  Well yeah, we really, it’s difficult to try to triangulate that. Certainly I think we’re all pretty familiar with the types of ramps and seasonality you see in the consumer handset-oriented markets – you know, a better September and December and then some softening in March. The non-handset business doesn’t exhibit that, so for the most part you can see steady growth. You know, March may be down a touch there but certainly it will offset to some degree the seasonal declines that you see in consumer handsets. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Nathan Johnson with Pacific Crest.
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest: I may have missed it, but did you guys say what percentage of revenue came from the linear business this quarter? And just, I guess to dig in a little further, how do you anticipate that percentage to be in the September quarter and then in fiscal 2011?
Don Palette:  Hi, Nathan, this is Don. For Q3 our analog business remained in the 20% to 25% range, which it’s been in the last multiple quarters. Handset revenue was in the 75% to 80% range. We wouldn't expect that percentage to change in the Q4. 2011, we’ve spoke before about our overall goal and our strategy is to continue to expand our analog business. We’re going to be focused on moving that percentage as we move into 2011.  Keep in mind, all the financial models that we’ve talked through and the performance to date has been with that analog business being 20% to 25% annual return. So as we’re successful moving that percentage forward, you know that's going to be an overall impact to the business model as well.
David Aldrich:  This is Dave, and I also think we should point out that even within that 20% to 25% or 75% to 80% on the handset side, it really masks a big shift within the handset sector, which is we’re moving pretty dramatically away from the 2G segment more towards 3G. We’re seeing more 4G, more multi mode and highly integrated solutions with more content. So I think it’s almost a little bit of a disservice to think of it as an 80/20, that’s true, or 75/25, but there’s a big shift going on within that 75% to 80%, which we are benefiting from a lot. So we like the growth in the smartphone segment, the 3G and 4G segment, and we are quite comfortable with while we’re growing aggressively in the non handset business, we’re going to grow the handset business just as fast here in the short run, but we’re going to see that underlying shift which helps our margins a lot.
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest: And then I guess expanding on the 4G discussion, can you just remind us for a typical 4G handset, what that looks like in terms of additional dollar content for you guys? I mean is it equivalent to just another 3G band or is there some other dynamic there?
Liam Griffin:  Yeah, absolutely. Well typically when you start to port LTE into a device, and we’re seeing it now. We mentioned on the call that we just launched the first commercial LTE device, which is really in the form of a USB dongle provided by Samsung. That is a great model for what you may see. Now that device has an Edge FEM, several WCDMA bands and actually three LTE bands. So quite a bit of content. We’re now looking at customers that are thinking about 2011, 2012 with as many as six different discrete devices that Skyworks can provide – two or three LTE, two or three WCDMA. So it is going to be a material gain in content for us and it’s also you know, quite a challenge in terms of complexity and performance. And those attributes, the content, the value that you derive and the performance and the requirements that actually limit some of the competitors, it’s a perfect intersection for us.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). We’ll next go to Aalok Shah with DA Davidson. 
Aalok Shah – DA Davidson:  Hey guts, just a quick clarification question. You guys have talked about smart meters for quite a bit of time now and I’m trying to get a sense of how big that business really is for you guys. Can you give a range of how big that business is and what you think the potential is?
David Aldrich:  Yeah, it’s been the fastest growing segment in our non-handset business. It’s right now about 20% of our non-handset business. And you’re right – we think that is a great example of where we were able to identify an underserved market, try to de-embed with applications and system engineering and support where we could go in and add value to our customers. We’re trying to superimpose that model to now a number of verticals. So you’ll hear us not only talking about energy management, but as today we talked about home automation, we’re doing the same thing in network infrastructure, wireless infrastructure and broadband communication. So we do like to talk about it in the context of a successful penetration of a vertical market where the margins are quite high, and we want to see increasingly a lot of those at Skyworks.
Aalok Shah – DA Davidson:  And then one other quick question on, just a follow-up on Nokia. Have you guys started to see incremental new platform wins at Nokia or is it kind of the wins that you’ve seen over the last six months starting to come to fruition?
Liam Griffin:  Actually right now we are gaining share with multiple platforms. You know, we’re one of the few vendors that is aligned with each and every one of Nokia’s baseband partners – Broadcom, STE, Qualcomm even. So we have a great relationship with each and every one of the baseband partners and a great relationship with the OEM itself. So you see today design wins that had been in queue for awhile, there’s several new programs that are going to ship in September and in December, and through 2011 and 2012 we’ll continue to grow in that account.
David Aldrich:  And we believe that between now and 2011 that you’ll see us participating in a low, medium, high end of Nokia's business, and that has not been the case in the past. So we’re really thrilled with the platform penetration at Nokia.
Operator:  We do have a follow-up with Tim Luke at Barclays Capital. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Hello?
Operator:  Go ahead, Tim. You may have to pick up your handset.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:  Sorry. Thank you so much. With your cash generation that you've been seeing, how should we think about your strategy going forward? Will we continue to look to you to pay down that balance of the debt? Do you see opportunities for share buybacks going forward? And eventually, Dave, do you see opportunities to add through to the portfolio in terms of smaller acquisitions? Thanks.
Don Palette:  Tim, this is Don. Yeah, as far as how we look at our capital structure, absolutely those things are distinct possibilities as we go forward. We’ve been very aggressive and successful paying our debt down over the past year and a half. We have $27 million left of the converts. Given where we are on the balance sheet with $390 million in cash and $315 million of net cash, we think that gives us a very strong competitive advantage. And we’re always on an regular basis analyzing the capital structure, and clearly two of the possibilities are buying more debt and buying shares back.  And both of those, the payback to the company to do both of those are share price driven. So it’s something that we see as an opportunity for equity appreciation. With that in mind, buying both those back at pretty high returns is obviously something, so it’s something we’re looking at on a very regular basis. And they are possibilities.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:  Thank you so much, guys. 
Operator:  We’ll next go to Quinn Bolton with Needham.
Quinn Bolton - Needham: Hi guys, I apologize if this has been asked – I came on late. But you guys talked about strength of smartphones and the LTE. I was just wondering if you look across the higher end of the design wins are you seeing a trend towards more modular solutions? I think some of you recent wins are actually PAD Plexor modules in the smaller areas. It looked like a lot of your LTE actually included the Duploxor. So I was just wondering if you’re seeing a trend towards more highly integrated solutions as you get more bands or if there is still a good market for discreet PAs in some of these smartphone NLTE devices?
Liam Griffin:  Here’s the trend. The trend is towards you know, a great deal of complexity in the front end and that can be delivered discreetly. There are certainly customers and devices that are looking to get that more integrated. But I’ll tell you lately the performance requirements have been so demanding, and what the consumer wants today in this handheld device has been just astounding. They want a tremendous performance, they want to download video. They’re on social networking. And the challenge within these mobile platforms now has never greater. So with that said, what we’re seeing now is a shift toward very powerful, discreet devices that bring in gallium arsenide technologies, which is something that we have in–house, advanced multi-chip assembly and tasks, and just skill in D&A that Skyworks fortunately has under the hood here.
David Aldrich:  It’s really all over the map. There’s a performance orientation. You see more discreet pans because they can be optimized at that frequency range for optimizing recurrent consumption and linearity and so on. And then in other areas we’re seeing a great deal of push toward integration of multi bands and then pulling into switch-ring, filtering and so on. So we see it all over the map depending upon the segment of the market that it’s being addressed. One thing that we’re seeing though that has been quite consistent, is that even when they’re looking to optimize performance - using a single band to optimize performance over a frequency - the bands themselves are being bundled within an overall system. So we’re seeing less often an opportunity come in and say “I'll take that band from you and that band from someone else.” That’s not what they’re doing. They’re asking for a single switch that may do the control functionality for all the bands and logic that would control the transmit and receive functionality across all those bands. And even though they may go with discreet power amplifier, they’re less and less apt to mix and match between suppliers. They need the overall system proven out, integrated, tested, and not have to worry abut trying to architecturally mess around with different suppliers.
Quinn Bolton - Needham: Great, thank you.
Operator:  And our last follow-up with Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS:  Hi guys. There has been some chatter about so-called adaptive power amplifiers or programmable power amplifiers. I just wanted to get your views on what, as to when you think this will become mainstream, and what you are doing on these new products.
Dan Aldrich:  I’m sorry, maybe you could repeat. I just didn’t understand the question.
Parag Agarwal – UBS:  One of your competitors have been talking about adaptive power amplifiers in the sense that they can be programmed to a particular frequency on the fly, ro you know, they’re programmable power amplifiers. And the idea is that as we move to newer technologies or bands, instead of having four or five bands you can have just one power amplifier which can be tuned to a particular frequency. So just wondering…
David Aldrich:  Yeah, we have these configurable, adaptable power amplifiers that can be very broad band in frequency and they can be driven by the base pan and receiver to cover multiple bands and multiple modes. The problem, I would say the vast majority of what we’re seeing today is that the base pan configuration - that is, the chipset ecosystem - is around a very specified front end architecture optimized for the freakiest and brands where they can configure it to go after their customer OEM base and provide adequate performance at each frequency band. So while we do see some push toward having broader band amplifiers and multi mode amplifiers, we absolutely do not see the case where an adaptive amplifier can be programmed and therefore you can take a PA and say, “Hey, why don’t you base pan guys… I don’t need to work so closely with the base pan manufacturer. I can download software and then OEM can configure my PA to work.” We see zero examples of that.
Liam Griffin:  That type of technology is available here at Skyworks and we use it in infrastructure, broadband amplifiers in infrastructure. And in the cellular domain where the intricacies are known and there is so much focus on efficiency, right, and power that the strategy of developing a high performance discreet or an integrated device with a known frequency has been the way to go.
David Aldrich:  We see zero forgiveness on current consumption, and the architecture you’re talking about tends to have a trade-off on overall pace and availability. And we can do it, but frankly we see zero, zero opportunity for us to go with a customer that is more broadband but causes points in current consumption. We just don’t see that as an option.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: That’s all I have for you, guys. Thank you very much.
Operator:  And with that there are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to turn the call to Dave Aldrich for any additional or closing comment.
David Aldrich:  Well thank you so much for participating. That concludes our call today. And on behalf of the entire team, thank you.
Operator:  Again, this does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Schiller – Investor Relations David J. Aldrich – President & Chief Executive Officer. Donald W. Palette – Chief Financial Officer & Vice President Liam K. Griffin – Senior Vice President Sales & Marketing
Analysts: Alex Gauna – JMP Securities Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co. Craig Ellis – Caris & Company Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group Analyst for Stephen Ferranti – Stephens, Inc. Suji DeSilva – Kaufman Brothers Patrick Newton – Stifel Nicolaus Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Aalok Shah – D. A. Davidson & Co. Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital Todd Koffman – Raymond James Dunham Winoto – Avian Securities Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America Edward Snyder – Charter Equities Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the Skyworks Solutions second quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. Now, at this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Tom Schiller, Investor Relations.
Thomas Schiller:  Welcome to Skyworks second fiscal quarter 2010 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer; and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dan will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time-to-time in our SEC filings.  I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the investor relations section of our company’s website for a complete reconciliation of GAAP.  With that I’ll now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich : I’m pleased to report today that the Skyworks team delivered better than seasonal performance in the March quarter, demonstrating solid operating leverage with both gross and operating margin expansion. As a result we exceeded our updated top and bottom line financial guidance provided back in March and at a higher level we are making progress across each of our strategic objectives and are benefitting from several macro growth trends as Skyworks transitions to a highly diversified analog company. Specifically for the quarter, we delivered revenue of $238 million. We improved our gross margins by $230 basis points year-over-year to 42.3% and we increased our operating margins by 820 basis points to 20.5%. In turn, we grew operating income by 130% year-over-year to $49 million and we posted $0.24 of diluted earnings per share versus our updated guidance of $0.22 to $0.23.  Of note and to give you a sense of our broad diversification, during the quarter we shipped to nearly 1,000 customers of which only one exceeded 10% of our total revenue. Now, with respect to cash we generated $60 million of cash flow from operations and we exited the quarter with $412 million of cash. Now, this is even after a $40 million outlay for convertible debt retirement.  Finally, we are guiding to 10% to 15% sequential revenue growth with earnings per share of $0.30 in the June quarter. Now, just to digress a bit from the numbers and to give you a more macro perspective, we believe our results today and outlook underscore several accelerating market trends. First is the increasing ubiquity of broadband access across both wireless and wire lined networks. The second trend is the apparent insatiable consumer demand for always on connectivity for things like audio, video, text and social networking. Third, the emergence of a host of new wireless applications and really slick consumer friendly platforms enabled by reliable and affordable technologies.  Now, I’d like to step back for a moment. Quite frankly, each of these macro trends is still in the early stages of development. At the same time we are increasingly beginning to see multiple mobile internet access to devices per person beyond the traditional cellular handset and even Smartphones to now encompassing things like high resolution tablets, netbooks and other products we haven’t even yet thought of. Meanwhile, wireless local area networking [inaudible] functionality is being integrated within things like gaming consoles, LED televisions, Blu-Ray players and smart appliances. So in short, virtually all next generation electronics are embedding some form of wireless network connectivity. So on today’s call we’ll talk about how Skyworks is capitalizing of these trends and even in some small ways enabling these rapidly expanding opportunities with analog semiconductors. More specifically, we’ll highlight our traction within Smartphones, within network infrastructure and smart grid applications, three of our key growth engines and we’ll discuss why we’re confident in our ability to continue to outpace market growth.  To start with regard to Smartphones, this is perhaps the most exciting mobile communications market today given the ever expanding range of applications and broad consumer acceptance. Skyworks is uniquely positioned as a supplier to all leading Smartphones OEMs and according to Oppenheimer, this category is enjoying three to four times the 8% to 10% anticipated overall handset growth rate in 2010 and 2011. In our case, this market is growing at an even steeper trajectory given the rising analog content opportunity as consumers shift to 3G and OEMs increasingly offer carriers phones with global roaming capability. Compounding this growth, we are gaining additional share as OEMs seek to lower their bill of materials and integrate edge front end modules with multiple WCDMA bands in smaller, more power efficient and more cost effective modules.  By sweeping more functionality in to our analog solutions, we’re able to improve size, battery life and affordability increasing our dollar content while at the same time raising competitive barriers. In other words, we’re in a unique position today where our competitive playing field is narrowing even as our customers increasingly require system level expertise and highly integrated solutions built on proprietary intellectual property rather than a more costly discreet implementation. This trend increasingly favors Skyworks. As a result we believe we will continue to outpace the market growth rate towards our goal of achieving clear market leadership within this strategic segment.  Moving from Smartphones, secondly we continue to gain momentum on the other side of the mobile Internet connection and that is network infrastructure. As mobile operators begin to install new base stations, routers and back haul network equipment to avoid network traffic jams and to preserve their highly profitable data service revenue. According to CISCO’s latest forecast, worldwide mobile data traffic is expected to double every year through 2014 to nearly four Exabyte per month. Now, just to give you a sense, one Exabyte of data is equivalent to the content including within 250 million DVDs, 250 million. So obviously Internet infrastructure will require significant capacity expansion to support this growth. To that end, we’ve developed a portfolio of network infrastructure solutions including attenuators, VCO synthesizers, mixers, low noise amplifiers and demodulators.  Additionally during the quarter we launched the industries first suite of high performance broadband synthesizers, spanning ultra wide frequency ranges and we’ve captured key design wins at CISCO, at Ericsson, at Huawei, at Nokia Siemens. These complex RF subsystems are designed to reduce the size and complexity of networking equipment while enabling greater networking reliability, capacity and efficiency which of course translates in to more service revenue.  Thirdly, as we’ve discussed on prior calls, we continue to see significant growth in the emerging smart grid market as utilities and consumers alike seek to better measure and manage energy utilization. Just to frame the opportunity here, consider that there are nearly three billion meters worldwide of which only 8% are automated today. So, we see a massive retrofit and new deployment opportunities as utilities strive to more efficiently manage their grids in the name of lower administration costs and higher returns on capital. Like the Internet itself, smart grids are complex, multilayer networks of networks and are increasing becoming interactive. This market landscape is made up of a wide variety of components, applications, sensors and control, thus enabling us to leverage several key RF building blocks across a broad ecosystem of energy management suppliers.  For Skyworks over the past few year, we have made very targeted investments in this area to position ourselves to capture share early. By virtue of our recent design wins, today Skyworks is servicing several multiyear advanced metering infrastructure contracts supporting a variety of US and international utilities. For example, we’re in high volume production with a number of smart meter suppliers including Itron, Landis&Gyr, Neptune, Sensus and Badger. We also continue to enable home automation systems for the consumer. Here we’re providing ZigBee solutions linking thermostats, air conditioners and appliances. Of special note, we recently won new business at Honeywell in support of their home security systems and we captured our very first designs at LG Consumer Appliance Group, enabling wireless connectivity amongst a range of smart white good products. According to IMS Research, in this segment alone shipments of smart meters with home area network gateways are expected to grow at a compounded annual rate of 59% from the years 2009 to 2014.  Finally, we continue to leverage our standard analog catalog business to address a variety of mature as well as new vertical markets including automotive, avionics, satellite, medical, military and industrial. With our global customer base and over 250 analog products we continue to bolster our portfolio with each new customer engagement. This business increasingly provides us a high margin, diversified customer base along with annuity product life cycles. In summary, given all of these growth engines, we are setting the stage for an even stronger second half of 2010 and we believe widening of the GAAP between overall market growth and our performance. In fact, by simply annualizing our June quarter outlook, we are now on a greater than $1 billion revenue run rate with earnings of $1 per share. This is even before the second half of 2010 ramp. These financial milestones represent yet another step in the transformation of Skyworks in to a high margin, diversified analog semiconductor market leader, all positioning us to create a greater competitive advantage and to continue to create shareholder value. I’ll now turn this over to Don for his review.
Donald W. Palette : I will first provide a quick summary of our second fiscal quarter results and then outline our business outlook. Revenue for the period was $238.1 million, up 38% year-over-year and surpassing our updated guidance range of $230 to $235 million which we provided on March 1st. Gross profit was $100.7 million or 42.3% of revenue, a 230 basis point year-over-year expansion which was driven by a product mix that increasingly includes higher margin, vertical market and 3G solutions, a volume ramp of new products, continued manufacturing productivity enhancements, product end-to-end yield improvements and significant material cost reductions.  Operating expenses were $52 million of which R&D was $30.3 million and SG&A was $21.7 million, yielding $48.7 million of operating income and a 20.5% operating margin. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $700,000 of expense while taxes were $3.8 million, a cash tax rate of 8%. As a result, our net income was $44.2 million or $0.24 of diluted earnings per share.  Now, turning to the balance sheet, during the quarter we generated $60 million in cash flow from operations. We recorded $11 million of depreciation, retired our March 2010 convertible debt at maturity with a $40 million outlay and we invested $20 million in capital expenditures. As a result, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $412 million or $2.25 on a per share basis. Now, to our business outlook, based on strong demand across multiple markets we anticipate 10% to 15% sequential revenue growth in our third fiscal quarter. Assuming revenue of $268 million at the midpoint of this range, we are forecasting gross margin of 43%, operating expenses between $54 and $55 million yielding an operating margin approaching 23%. Below the line we expect $700,000 of net interest expense and an 8% cash tax rate. In turn we are forecasting diluted earnings per share of $0.30 off of a base of 185 million shares. This trajectory is consistent with our medium term financial targets outlined previously, namely operating margins in the mid 20s on revenues in the $280 to $300 million range. This model was highly achievable in the near term and strikes the right balance between gaining market share, enhancing margins and most importantly maximizing our return on invested capital.  Further, given the strengthen of our business model, we expect additional leverage well beyond the mid 20% range as we continue to scale and further diversify Skyworks. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator go ahead and open up the lines for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Alex Gauna – JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: I was wondering if you could help with that leverage beyond 25%, what is driving it? Is it the new product areas, is it the upgrade cycle to 3G/4G, the modular, just maybe some color beyond what’s giving you that confidence and maybe some timeline behind that as well?
David J. Aldrich : It is a lot of what you suggested, I’ll let Don comment specifically on where the financial leverage is but it is a combination of continuing to see higher dollar content platforms being introduced in to the market. Those platforms typically have high contribution margins, higher than the ones they’ve replaced frankly. There is sort of an indication that our customers are indeed willing to pay for integration, they’re willing to pay for innovation and I think you can sort of begin to see that in the results. We’re also seeing more vertical market opportunities as we move from infrastructure in to smart grid which today is our highest growth business even though it started at a relatively small base with very high margins in our catalog business and increasing set of vertical markets. So it’s a combination of high dollar content within our mobile business, high contribution margins and more vertical opportunities. 
Donald W. Palette : Just to comment on the model, we just went through the guidance which $268 and 43% margins, $54.5 million in operating expenses, you’re closer to that 23%. The operating margin is going to continue to expand as we continue to grow the top line. The operating expenses at this point are relatively fixed, minor changes in that. You’re going to get tremendous leverage on that line and we are going to continue to expand product margins, leveraged off of what Dave talked about in the market place is what’s really going to move us beyond the 25%.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: I wanted to dig in a little bit in to first of all the sources of the outside relative to your own internal plan. Don, maybe you can highlight the one or two things that really surprised you to the upside in the quarter? Second, in regards to the outlook, any color in there on the cellular contribution versus the linear products? Sort of what is going to grow faster, what is it that incrementally is making that push?
David J. Aldrich : I think with respect to what upside we saw in the margins, we do try to be conservative in our guidance. We factor in all the inputs from our customers, we go bottoms up and top down, we look at our bookings level and Don’s pretty conservative. We try to approach it in a prudent way and in this case our assumptions were a bit more conservative. We did see some specific traction in smart grid, that business grew nicely in the quarter and we continue to see 3G platforms introduced where we get much higher dollar content than the 2 to 2.5 platforms that they replace. As we discussed in our prepared comments, it’s really all of those things. 
Donald W. Palette : Also, as far as for the product margins this is the first quarter where we had full six inch production and until you actually start producing wafers, see what the yields are going to be, you really don’t know for sure what benefits you’re going to get. From that end, the benefit was a little bit better than expected so that roll out has gone very, very well and that has contributed as well.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: Just to follow up with a couple specific customers, is there a way you can give us an update on your progress with Nokia? Also, the Chinese, they’ve been very strong all around, how is your business shaping out there, how do you see yourself positioned there?
Liam K. Griffin : With respect to Nokia, we continue along a path towards success here with this account. This last quarter they were a high single digit customer. They’re going to grow throughout the year. We are now moving from supporting largely WCDMA in to now addressing their mid tier portfolios and I think what’s really notable for us and I think strategically an advantage is that we are participating with each and every one of their base band suppliers, ST-Ericsson, Infineon, Qualcomm and even Broadcom. So we expect Nokia to be a meaningful driver for share in the back half of 2010 and through 2011.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: And the Chinese?
Liam K. Griffin : With respect to China? China has always been a strong position for Skyworks. Our share continues to look very strong here. Our relationships Mediatech are outstanding. We’ve actually augmented our position in 2G handsets with some upside in infrastructure. We have new designs at Huawei, we’re even now penetrating ZT on datacards. So in addition to the Mediatech position, I like the way we diversified here in some of the non-handset markets.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Ellis – Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: With respect to the outlook in the three segments: energy efficiency; linear products; and then the core business, how should we expect the relative growth rates to shake out? About even or is one going to be much stronger than the other two?
David J. Aldrich : Well, energy management will grow faster off of as I said relatively modest basis, now, 20% of our non handset business but it is growing faster. We believe in a targeted way, as we discussed in the prepared comments that infrastructure is going to begin to get more play for us as these new products, these synthesizers, these VCOs which are highly integrated, highly valued we believe by the selected customers we’re going after and so I think we’re going to gain some traction there. But, this whole phenomena of always on connectivity and driving more Smartphones, more exciting apps, tablets, ebooks, that’s not going to go away any time soon. It’s going to be a little bit of a horse race here but clearly we think between the linear product opportunities and handsets will grow, I think we’ll remain roughly stable as a percentage. Energy management will grow faster and I think begin to become meaningful for us over the next few quarters.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: As you look at the part of the PA and front end opportunity that is tablet and PC dongles, etc., that content that’s cellular but not in handset devices, how big do you see that market being now? What do you think the growth rates are and how important is that business as you think about your growth over the next 12 months or so?
Liam K. Griffin : It’s difficult to exactly understand the market TAM because each and every quarter there is a new innovative solution that is released to the market. I think to Dave’s opening remarks, you can see this proliferation. So we are seeing a lot of devices that we’ll call Internet appliances. They may be USB dongles, they may be tablets, we’re even seeing potentially a move where some of the plasma TV folks that now have Wi-Fi are considering a cellular radio. Right now, we think that market is very roughly 80 to 100 million unit market or more that is above and beyond our $1.25 billion handset space. It will grow materially over the next several years and quite frankly again, we’re not sure how many new devices could be added but that TAM is on the move. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group.
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: Your op ex outlook for Q3?
Donald W. Palette : It’s between $54 and $55 million.
Cody Acree – Williams Financial Group: As far as capacity goes with six inch ramping, how do we look at that in future quarters?
David J. Aldrich : One of the things Cody about six inch conversion is just going in general adding a step function increase as the diameter of wafers increase. When you flip on the switch it really doesn’t do a heck of a lot for margins initially because it enables a great deal more revenue. So what it really does is it allows you to increase your contribution margin as your revenue increases. So you should begin to see we have a lot of capacity now in gallium arsenide, we have ability to continue to modulate what we purchase on the outside versus what we produce on the inside. That gives our customers a great deal of comfort and it gives us a lot of upside and it has increased our contribution margin here as we run the business. We’ve got bricks and mortar capacity to double the size of the revenue of this company with high contribution margin as it relates to now HPT so it gives us tons of upside. You’ll see us begin to grow in to that high contribution as each subsequent quarter’s revenue increases.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for Stephen Ferranti – Stephens, Inc.
Analyst for Stephen Ferranti – Stephens, Inc.: In the smart meter business I know that you guys have been doing business with the likes of Itron and [ESCO] just to name a few. Who are the other big players in that market that you’d like to be doing more business with? Are most of the small meter opportunities that you’re seeing North American based or are you also seeing international opportunities as well?
Liam K. Griffin : As we mentioned it’s a global market. I think the US has really been at the forefront of this and a lot of the utilities in the west coast have really led the drive. You’ve mentioned a few of our current customers Itron, [ESCO], Neptune, Sensus, there are several others that are pursuing. One notable account that we’re working with today what we don’t have business with that we certainly have a line of sight to new revenue streams would be a company called Silver Spring Networks in the bay area.  With respect to geographies, as much as this is a success here in the US, we absolute think this will move to Europe and eventually I think there could be a huge play in the Asian market. But again, as we’ve outlined the current customers that we have and the backlog and the position that we have, wins that are on the table, look very promising this year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Suji DeSilva – Kaufman Brothers.
Suji DeSilva – Kaufman Brothers: Calendar second half of this year given your momentum and some of the share opportunity that you have, should we be expecting seasonality or will there be factors that would affect that in either direction better or worse than seasonality?
David J. Aldrich : I think you should expect seasonality. I think you will see factors that will offset it as this quarter the change between December and March was far less than normal seasonality. It was because we were gaining share and continuing to outpace the market by penetrating new verticals as well as gaining customers and sockets within mobile. So I do think you should expect seasonality, I expect a strong overall market and I expect that we will outperform it rather handily as we continue to ramp some of these new programs that we have been discussing and as we continue to ramp programs that are outside the handset space.
Suji DeSilva – Kaufman Brothers: Then I don’t know if you gave this or not but if the mix this quarter of analog versus handset within analog how much of that is smart meter at this point?
Donald W. Palette : The actual mix of our broad line analog business was roughly a quarter of revenue with handset revenue being about 75% which has been consistent with where we have been running the last three or four quarters. As far as where we were this quarter on smart meter a little bit below 20% of the analog total.
Suji DeSilva – Kaufman Brothers: The last question, really data cards you guys talked about that being kind of more silent growth opportunity that is happening. How is that proceeding for you guys? Is that significantly outgrowing the company growth for you guys? Is your share there stable or improving?
David J. Aldrich : Well our share is growing in that space and that element itself within the market is growing quite a bit. What you see is you see the USB dongle, you also see embedded chipsets that are really taking off. I think some of the most significant base band players now are really developing some really cutting edge solutions that you’ll see embedded within netbooks and laptops and we’re well positioned to see some upside from that as well. So I think it’s a great new use for cellular technology and our devices and again, it will continue to expand through this year and then several years beyond.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Patrick Newton – Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Newton – Stifel Nicolaus: A question I guess for Liam, regarding smart meter with the product already representing 20% of your revenue and I think previously you had said the target for the full year was 20% with the higher growth rate than the linear market as a whole where do you think smart meter can now exit the year as a contribution to analog?
Liam K. Griffin : That’s a good question. It will probably tick up a few points. We’ve been on a very steady progressive growth rate here. We’re adding customers, our customers have well defined program ramps for utilities. We have opportunities. I think really the big opportunity right now for expansion is going to be in the home area network with our ZigBee technology. We alluded to a couple of design wins here in the prepared remarks and one of the most notable for us is moving in to an account like LG and their consumer appliance division where they’re going to be rolling out ZigBee enabled white goods appliances. I think the upside in my opinion, the meters themselves are well characterized, the home area network is where we could see some real material gains here late this year and over the next certainly 2012 through 2015 even.
Patrick Newton – Stifel Nicolaus: Don, one for you, I think previously you had given the expectation of an 8% tax rate through 2010 and then tax planning allowing about a 12% in 2011. I was wondering if you can update us on the progress made towards that 2011 goal? Maybe even walk us through how you manage to keep the rate so low and then perhaps the sustainability of that 12% rate in the out years?
Donald W. Palette : We’ve given 8% for the balance of the year and we actually for 2011 and 2012 we’re looking at a rate between 10% and 12%. That rate is going to be dependent upon where earnings go too because there are some variables in that rate that change as earnings increase but that’s a good number for you guys to use in your models now. The way that we’re doing that, if you look at this year, this year we have $90 million of NOLs remaining that are shielding our income that’s allowing us to keep it at 8%.  We are putting some business initiatives in place, actually one was implemented for the second half of this year, one will be implemented for the first quarter of next year that will allow us to do some tax strategies and some tax planning that allow us to keep that rate at 10% to 12% for 2011 and 2012. Beyond that, up to 15% is probably a good number and we think those are very, very competitive rates.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tim Luke – Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: I was wondering Don, maybe you could talk about how having guided your gross margins up again, how you perceive the different puts and takes there and what sort of ranges do you think over time you might be able to touch? And, perhaps if you see the six inch but also some of the mix change?
Donald W. Palette : As I said earlier when we were talking about the model, as we drive towards the goal of 25% and beyond it’s a combination of both margin expansion and leveraging our operating expense base. We just guided to 43% so you can model this as we grow to $280 to $300 or beyond in revenue and use a contribution of in excess of 50%, you can see that margin is going to continue to expand and that’s our expectation. It’s a combination of things that we are currently doing, will continue to do and that is focus on the material cost reductions, continuing to drive productivity and yield improvements. It’s also the releases Dave had talked about earlier of a lot of the new product suites, the higher dollar content, more value add in the market place, we believe all that is going to drive margin expansion. It is the six inch conversion as well which is going to give us more internal capacity. All those things are contributing to it.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Do you have an upper framework where you think you’d say, “Okay, we want to go for more growth here than margin?” At the sort of 45 level or something or how should we think about it over time?
Donald W. Palette : We haven’t set any specific targets, we just think there is a lot of opportunity with just leveraging the fixed cost base and the operations as you continue to expand revenue that that number is certainly going to go to a number of 45% and potentially beyond. You can run the models as I described and you can see where the potential is.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Aalok Shah – D. A. Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shah – D. A. Davidson & Co.: In terms of the 10% customer did you mention that that was Samsung or not?
Donald W. Palette : We had one 10% customer for the quarter and it was Samsung.
Aalok Shah – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Then on the Q3 revenue growth guidance is there a way to think about it between linear versus handset? Is it 50/50, is it more skewed towards linear?
David J. Aldrich : I think it’s going to be pretty well balanced. We’re really excited about the growth in these vertical markets that we talked about and the catalog business keeps chugging along. I think it’s going to be very well balanced for the second half of the year and that’s up against some pretty steep growth in these programs that we described and customer ramps in mobile. I’m pretty pleased with that but I think you should expect the linear business to absolutely stay up with handsets.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital.
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital: A couple of quick questions, I don’t know if you gave this but your percentage of revenue by interface?
Donald W. Palette : It was we’re now actually slightly more than half 3G versus 2G. It was 52% wedge and 48% CMDA and GPRS. 
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital: Any component constraints that you guys are keeping an eye on that would hinder your growth going forward here in the near term? Are you having any troubles getting materials to meet demand?
David J. Aldrich : No, we’re not although it is admittedly tight out there. We are really able to leverage this hybrid model that we have where we not only have increased our own internal capacity, you see the targeted capital we put in place over the last couple of quarters has gone right at any potential bottleneck providing us upside to what we see as our customers’ upside forecast. We don’t want to miss any share opportunities. Our purchasing people are frankly out there and they’re doing a good job to make sure that we get more than our fair share of visibility and supply for those components and PCVs and so on that we purchase. Of course, we did flip the switch on the six inch here so we’ve got not only lots of capacity externally but we’ve got lots of capacity internally for perhaps our most important component in the front end solution which is the gallium arsenide content. I’m pleased with what our supply people have done and this hybrid model is going to serve us well even if we see surprising upside coming through in the second half ramp.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Todd Koffman – Raymond James.
Todd Koffman – Raymond James:  What are the capital spending plans for the remainder of the current fiscal year?
Donald W. Palette : I think you can model to expect, we don’t guide balance sheet information, but I think in your models if you just assume the same kind of run rate you’ve seen for the first half of the year for the second half that’s safe.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dunham Winoto – Avian Securities.
Dunham Winoto – Avian Securities: A couple of questions for me, first of all can you give us an idea March versus June, I know that if you look at industry analyst estimates out there obviously the Smartphones are going to be outgrowing the overall market but just by a quarter-by-quarter basis of where you sit if you can give us an idea on the growth rates that you saw on the entry level phones versus the Smartphones in March and June?
David J. Aldrich : Typically, the March to June quarter in handsets is about a 3% to 5% sequential growth in units. We do see as noted, some great uptick in Smartphones and that really is the vehicle today of choice with consumers and carriers. Carriers love it for the data service it provides. Penetration is very, very low in Smartphones outside of the US and Europe. You still have a big market in Asia that is moving. So we think Smartphones on a unit basis will continue to outgrow 2G handsets, there’s no question about that. But, at the same time some of the major markets in 2G, China for example, continue to look solid. So overall we would put about 3% to 5% at the high end, mid range about 3% to 4% for unit growth in handsets in general but Smartphones clearly outpacing.
Dunham Winoto – Avian Securities: What do you think is the Smartphone growth rate?
David J. Aldrich : Well, the annual growth rate in Smartphones is 35% to 40% year-over-year and we think that will continue over the next five years.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America: I was hoping you could talk just a little bit more, give us a little bit more color on your China business? How is the margin profile of that business shaping up? I know it’s a lower priced product but what’s the cost structure in the margin look like and how do you expect it to trend during the year?
Liam K. Griffin : I’ll start a little bit on the customer dynamics and then I’ll pass it to Don on margin. One of the things that we like about our business in China is we deal directly with the most powerful chipset player there, that’s Mediatech. So our products are specifically tuned and designed to meet the architectures, the requirements, the specifications and the costs of that customer set. Beyond that as I’ve mentioned, we’ve augmented our handset business in China with some great strengthen now in infrastructure. Certainly big differences in gross margins between the infrastructure business and what we see in 2G but in both case this is an accretive business for Skyworks and high growth.
Donald W. Palette : Just to reiterate what Liam said, when you look at the business profile of Skyworks and the numerous SKUs that we have and you look across interfaces, a lot of the 2G products in China that we’re serving, we’ve been making those products for a long period of time. We’re very efficient at those, high yields, high productivity and quite frankly the 2G margins are right in line with the other product profiles that we have. So there hasn’t been any pressure and in fact, as Liam said, when you look at the overall volume it actually can be slightly accretive, the overall return on the business. So no negatives there at all.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America: Moving to the other end of the spectrum, have you guys made any sort of significant design wins that you maybe can’t talk about but you can sort of hint at that we might be seeing in the next few months?
David J. Aldrich : I think that without talking about specifics if we do our jobs, and we intend to, if we continue to do our jobs the strength of our design capabilities and the scale that we bring to the party and plus the fact that we’re shipping to everybody today, or virtually every major OEM in both the Smartphone and the cellular category. We would be failing to not have content peppered across the board with various OEMs.  So we don’t look upon one socket or another socket, we think we’ve done a pretty good job of continuing to diversify our customer base and we’re disappointed by any 3G or Smartphone, or high end socket where we don’t participate. We think the technology of ours is superior and our scale is both broader and deeper from a manufacturing standpoint. We aspire to get a disproportionate share across every customer. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Snyder – Charter Equities.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equities: A couple of quick housekeeping questions, Don you said the 3G/2G split that you’re now favoring 3G wedge, is that all wide band CDMAs or wide band CDMAs and edge just to be clear?
Donald W. Palette : Both.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equities: Price erosion, we’ve heard from several of your competitors on that subject this quarter, things are a bit different. What are you seeing? The same, more, less, any changes from historic?
Liam K. Griffin : Ed, we’re seeing nothing out of the ordinary right now and ASP erosion for us is actually a little bit less erosion than we saw last year. Our content per phone though is increasing and in some cases we’re looking at blended ASPs that are actually going up on a year-over-year basis.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equities: That’s primarily content, if you’re dealing with one modular one band are we still seeing the standard 15% to 20% a year erosion in that?
Liam K. Griffin : No, nothing like that. If you’re taking same part year-over-year we’re in the single digits here.
Donald W. Palette : First of all, we never saw 20%. We’ve been seeing 6%, or 7%, or 8% here now the third year in a row on a part-to-part basis whereas each new solution or each new platform tends to be a little higher in revenue. So I don’t think you should look at it that way. The real change has been in the last couple of years as there are increasingly more complexity behind these devices. We’re being designed in upfront with the base band solution and we’re sole sourcing more often than not in the platform so the pricing structure of the yield curve, the cost structure is known, it’s negotiated in advanced, it’s well understood. We’re we think as good as anybody in the industry in predicting what those production ramps are going to be. So, you shouldn’t be looking at 20% ASP erosion across any of our markets and customers. As Liam mentioned, it’s typically been for the third year in a row now in the 7% to 8% range part-to-part with increasing dollar content on average per phone.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equities: It certainly seems like we’ve gotten in to the second phase of the growth in the industry, you have to go back to I guess ’97 to 2000 when HPT first showed up to see such consistent improvement in the content for RSM. We’re hearing it across all the other OEMs. To that end, everybody is talking about relatively tight capacity in their production, I heard it out of RFMicro, I heard it out of [inaudible] last night, not so much your supply of wafers but in your ability to produce nothing drastic but you outsource a portion of yours, is that capacity also seeing some tightness and does that affect your ability in the flexible manufacturing realm?
David J. Aldrich : In terms of HPT we discussed earlier we now have lots of capacity both dedicated externally and what we’re able to exercise now as the result of the six inch conversion. That’s a great big deal for us. We have heard of potential constraints for example in the packaging area. Here’s an areas where we have the capability to do it all in house and we have the capability and the desire to do some of it on the outside based upon wanting to maintain flexibility. So on packaging we’re in very good shape but on the assembly case you may hear some shortages with others. Remember, we’re kind of unique in that we can produce the majority and if we need to all of our own packaging, all of our own assembly. We think that’s a competitive supply chain advantage, it’s a time to market advantage and it is definitely a margin and a cost advantage for us.
Donald W. Palette : To reiterate that, we’re still outsourcing roughly about 15% of our assembly operation. That number isn’t changing in our forecast dramatically and with some of these targeted cap ex investments that Dave described, that puts us in a position to handle the demand that we need to handle.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities.
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities: One housekeeping I was curious if you guys had mentioned how far booked you guys are to the midpoint of your guidance?
Donald W. Palette : We’re approaching 100%, a very, very high percentage at this point.
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities: Then on operating expenses, it looks like you’re looking for a little bit of a step up this quarter. I was wondering how we should view op ex going forward as you see revenue increase? Are we at a level that you can be consistent at for a while or do you see SG&A tracking upwards with revenue?
Donald W. Palette : I think it’s at this roughly $54.5 to $55 million level. I think that we’re going to be relatively static, it just depends on the revenue growth that you’re describing and that certainly shouldn’t be something that’s not going to move a lot in the short term. Annually, you have pay increases, there are other things that can drive that number up a little bit but it isn’t anything that’s going to move in the short term.
David J. Aldrich : It’s our expectation that our op ex will drop substantially as a percentage of revenue as we move throughout 2010 and 2011. If we see targeted investments or small increases they will nonetheless be a lot lower than the overall revenue growth rate.
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities: One last one out of me, just looking at the better than seasonal guide, you guys obviously highlighted a lot of new programs in your press release and then on the call. I was wondering of that better than seasonal guide, how much of that is associated with new programs versus ones that you already have gone?
David J. Aldrich : The majority of that ramp is really new designs. New design wins in many cases we captured the business last quarter or the December quarter and it’s now coming to fruition. It’s a good mix of healthy base and diversification as well as new program ramps in both non handsets and in targeted handset platforms.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alex Gauna – JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: I wanted to ask Dave, I know you mentioned seasonality for the third quarter but given the booming second quarter you have do you mean it more along the lines of the typical 8% to 10% type of seasonality or do we have that potential to see with new design wins coming on acceleration from what you just put up in Q2?
David J. Aldrich : Well, I think to be clear are we talking about the market or are we talking about Skyworks?
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: We’re talking about Skyworks that I’m curious about there. With your pipeline of new design wins and improving mix of 3G, obviously we’d expect and you’ve mentioned this, we’d expect some improved seasonality. How does that leverage continue that you saw in Q2?
David J. Aldrich : Well, we do think that it continues and it’s for the reasons we talked about in our prepared comments. We are seeing some targeted program ramps in and outside of the handsets. We are participating disproportionately in the Smartphone sector and that’s the highest growth rate within mobile. March is a seasonally low quarter in the market, we did much better than that. Our guidance is for much higher growth rate in June than the market and we expect it to continue. I’ll be very clear, we’re going to take share and we’re targeting those applications and margins that are higher ASP and higher margin. We’ll be very disappointed if we don’t significantly outpace the sequential growth rate of this market.
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: With regard to those higher ASP products, I was wondering if you could describe whether either by naming the platform or just the type of platform, what is your highest ASP? What is that radio content look like, how many modules or what type of module? If you had a marquee design win that you’re pointing to this is what Skyworks can do, can you describe that for us?
David J. Aldrich : It’s roughly $8. A marquee design would be on a quad band edge device with multiple bands of wide band CDMA where we have swept in not only the amplification but we’ve swept in the filtering, switching and conditioning integrated in to a module that pulled in much of the passive content and so the total content gets you to maybe $10. Since we don’t do higher power duplexes for example we would max out today at about $8. But you know what I think is an even better way of looking at this, there are very, very few platforms that give us or anybody else $8 in analog content. There are a whole slew, and the majority of phones today are still in the GPRS range that are $1. So what’s really going to happen is by integrating all of these passive functions and by continuing to come out with these new multimode devices it is going to be the $1 moving to $4 that’s going to drive the TAM of our business much much more than what happens to the $8. The $8 is a drop in the bucket compared to the $1s and $2s that are rapidly going to $3 and $4. That’s where the market is going to land over the next three to four years. I would caution you don’t worry about the $8, we don’t think about the $8 we think about the $1.
Operator:  With that this does conclude today’s Q&A portion of the call. I’d like to turn the call now to Dave Aldrich for any additional or closing comments.
David J. Aldrich : Thank you very much for participating. This concludes our conference call today and we look forward to updating you in the future.
Operator:  Again, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s conference call.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-01-20 19:45:00) =====
Executives: [Laura Aregas] – Corporate Communications David Aldrich – President, Chief Executive Officer Donald Palette – Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Liam Griffin – Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Attai Kidron – Oppenheimer Uche Orji – UBS Alex Gauna – JMP Securities Stephen Ferranti – Stephens Inc. Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research Suji De Silva – Kaufman Brothers Richard Shannon – Northland Securities Craig Ellis – Caris & Company Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley Aalok Shaw – D.A. Davidson & Co. Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital Todd Koffman – Raymond James Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator: Welcome to the Skyworks Solution’s first quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings call. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Laura Aregas, Corporate Communications who is filling in for Tom Schiller.
Laura Aregas:  Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks first fiscal quarter 2010 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the investor relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
David Aldrich: Welcome everyone. I’m pleased to report that 2010 is off to a solid start at Skyworks. In our first quarter of the fiscal year we delivered strong top and bottom line growth on both the sequential and a year over year basis, and at a higher level we believe these results are demonstrating our ongoing transformation to a high margin and a highly diversified analog company. Specifically in the first quarter we delivered revenue of $245 million. That’s up 17% sequentially year over year. We expanded our gross margins to 42.2%. We improved our year over year operating income by 83%, and we achieved a 21.3% operating margin and posted $0.27 of EPS. This is $0.02 better than our guidance. With respect to cash, we generated $53 million of cash flow from operations and we exited the quarter with $402 million of cash. Looking forward, we are guiding to a 30% year over year revenue growth in the seasonally low March quarter and we’re well positioned for accelerating EPS growth during the fiscal year. As we believe our results and outlook reflect, we are capitalizing on several key market drivers today. First is the exploding demand for mobile internet applications and always on connectivity, particularly given the increasing ubiquity of social networking, enterprise access, music and video applications. And this in turn is driving the broad proliferation of smart phones, net books, note books, caplets and other forms of embedded wireless devices.  The second market trend is the increasing demand for custom analog solutions supporting a number of applications across a variety of non hand set markets including automotive, avionics, including wireless and wire line infrastructure, satellite, medical, military, industrial. And the third market trend is the rapid adoption of smart grid technologies as utilities and consumers alike seek to more efficiently measure and to manage their energy utilization. Now moving from these market tailwinds to Skyworks, strategically we continue to make substantial progress along each of the three core strategies we’ve shared with you over the last few years; namely, first to gain share in our targeted markets, second to diversify our business in increase traction in adjacent analog markets and third, to execute operationally to deliver ongoing margin expansion and higher returns on investment. With regards to gaining market share, Skyworks continues to consolidate share across the mobile internet spectrum. This covers everything from net books and data cards to smart phones and even entry level hand sets. On the high end, Skyworks is uniquely today supporting all five top tier hand set OEM’s and all key smart phone suppliers. I think a special note, I think last quarter we added several new android based platforms including Google’s recently launched Nexus One mobile phone. As we’ve discussed on many investor calls, this segment in particular has been a focal point for us given that we capture up to $8.00 per device and our technology addresses both system complexity and stringent performance requirements. With network rolling and maximum carrier flexibility in mind, we see a growing trend towards more band and as a result increasing addressable semiconductor content per platform. I think furthermore, we’re seeing a very successful smart phone food chain with service providers like AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon, Vota Phone deriving highly profitable revenue streams from data service contracts and other embedded wireless devices. I think their strategy is very simple. Place application rich smart phones in the hands of the consumer and both parties benefit. Consumers satisfy their demand for real time mobile internet access while carriers gain from ever increasing ARPU levels. According to Piper Jaffray, an equity research firm, global smart phone sales will increase from around 139 million units in 2008 to nearly 400 million units in 2011 and presents a 42% compounded annual growth rate. So let me reiterate why we’re performing in the smart phone category and why we believe we will be the leading front end supplier in this segment. First, we’re able to meet our customer’s demand for size and cost. We deliver highly integrative solutions at both the chip and at the module level saving precious board space on ever shrinking form factors. In addition, we leverage our in house building blocks in scale to produce cost effective solutions that help decrease the hand set manufacturers overall billable material costs.  Secondly, our deep understanding of system level requirements allows us to develop architectures with best in class specification that enhance the performance of our customer’s end solutions.  In essence, since the very inception of Skyworks, we approach opportunities from a complete solutions perspective when engaging with our customers and chip set partners and rather than looking at it from a single device, or from a single component perspective, and this is why Skyworks was created way back in 2002. At the same time, we’re diversifying into new markets, the second element of our strategy. For example, during the quarter we secured a strategic design win with Wawway that leverages our custom amplifiers, mixers and discrete in a very highly integrated subsystem in support of their 3D Bay Station applications. In addition, we commenced volume production of 5 gigahertz low noise amplifiers targeting a diverse set of end markets. We launched a family of highly integrated CMOS switches with high isolation capability for the direct broadcast satellite market. We successfully ramped analog control devised for Intel’s wireless local area networking applications, and we extended our ISO TX 16949 automotive certification which allows us to further penetrate new markets. In addition, we have over the past couple of years made targeted investments in order to position ourselves very early to capture share in the smart grid market. By virtue of our very recent design wins, today Skyworks is servicing several multi-year advanced metering infrastructure contracts supporting a variety of U.S. and international utilities. Some of these include Southern California Edison, Center Point Energy, National Grid, the Southern Company, BTE Energy, San Diego Gas and Electric and British Gas.  Of special note during the quarter we commenced volume production on several devices supporting Itron’s Open Way energy management solutions which provide outage and fault monitoring, surge protection, real time pricing and usage information. At a higher level, our approach to these targeted vertical applications is to service the needs where the focus is on portability, mobility, current consumption or signal and data integrity. These are the challenges our linear technology is ideally suited to solve. Finally, the third element of our strategy is to execute operationally. Our progress on this front I think is best exemplified by our first quarter’s performance with operating margin of 21.3%. Don will discuss this in more details and discuss the specifics regarding our medium term plans to drive the business into the mid 20’s operating margin range. In summary, we’re transforming Skyworks. We’re creating a company that can rival some of the best analog stalwarts in terms of growth, diversification, profitability and cash generation. Perhaps most importantly, we’re entering this new and exciting phase with a rich product pipeline, a broad sales channel and demonstrated operational agility, all positioning us to create greater competitive advantages and to continue to create shareholder value. I’ll not turn this over to Don for his comments.
Donald Palette: Thanks for joining us everyone. We appreciate that. First I will provide you with a quick summary of our first fiscal quarter results and then we’ll discuss our business outlook. Revenue for the period was $245.1 million, up 17% year over year and surpassing our guidance range of $238 million to $242 million. Gross profit was $103.5 million or 42.2% of revenue, a 130 basis point sequential expansion which was driven by a richly diversified product mix, volume ramp of margin accretive new products, continued factory process and productivity enhancements, product and end yield improvements and double digit year over year material cost reductions. Operating expenses were $51.3 million of which R&D was $30 million and SG&A was $21.3 million, yielding $52.3 million of operating income and a 21.3% operating margin.  Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $700,000 expense while taxes were $3.9 million. As a result, our net income was $47.7 million or $0.27 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $402 million. During the quarter we generated $53 million in cash flow from operations. We recorded $11 million of depreciation, retired $5 million of convertible debt and invested $15 million in capital expenditures. Now, to our business outlook; based on broad based business strengths and new applications, we anticipate 30% year over year revenue growth for the second fiscal quarter. Specifically, we expect revenue of $225 million, significantly better than normal seasonality for the March quarter; gross margin between 41% and 41.5%, operating expenses of approximately $52 million, $700,000 of other expense and an 8% cash tax rate. In turn, assuming 182 million fully diluted shares, we are forecasting diluted earnings per share of $0.21 which represents a 75% year over year improvement in bottom line profitability. Now let me take a moment to discuss our medium term financial targets. Given our top line growth plans, scale, product gross margin improvements, and operating expense leverage, we now have a path to operating margins in the mid 20’s on revenues in the range of $280 million to $300 million. To help define the key elements of this revised model, we anticipate that approximately 4$0.45 to $0.50 of incremental revenue will drop through the gross and operating margins with the balance of the model return improvements deriving from operating expense leverage. We believe this model is highly achievable and strikes the right balance between gaining market share, enhancing margins and most importantly, maximizing our return on invested capital.  That concludes our prepared remarks and so operator you can open the lines up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Attai Kidron – Oppenheimer.
Attai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Congratulations on a good quarter. I wanted to drill a little bit into your guidance. Last time you gave a model target. You achieved it in the year that you provided that guidance. Should we make the same assumption on your most current operating margin guidance target?
Donald Palette: We’re obviously not guiding beyond current quarter but I think the way to think of it is this is a highly medium term model and we look at 2010 as having all the significant growth potential. Our serve markets are growing and we believe we’re well positioned to win share.
Attai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Share gains have been a big part of the story over the past year. Clearly you’ve made a lot of great progress in that area. I guess the question is, where do you feel you stand right now with regards to more opportunities like this. You’ve gained a lot. Where else is there for you to go and if you can be a little bit more specific on that front, I’m just trying to get a better gauge whether your growth this year is just a little bit more weighted towards TAM expansion rather than share gains as a driver.
David Aldrich: That’s a broad question. We see opportunities in 3G where in some segments we’re under weighted and our newest solutions and reference design partnerships are allowing us to gain traction. We think about Korea for example. We also with respect to Nokia are moving from the high end into their mid term mainstream market as we speak. I think that’s an important driver for us. We’re gaining more content where the smart phone architectures are moving toward to less discrete front end and more integrated if you will front end solutions where we are moving in a pretty fast rate from servicing a portion of that front end to more and more and ultimately all in many platforms. So we’re going to take share in smart phone. I think in terms of the secular trend, the hand set market is going to grow in the 8% to 10% range on a compounded basis. Our addressable market as there are more smart phones, more 3G, more bands, more filtering and switching complexity, at an 8% to 10% unit growth rate, our serviceable portion of that market is growing at roughly double that as we calculate it. So we believe we are addressing a market that’s growing in the 17% component growth rate where we can move our share dial pretty significantly in the areas I described.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji – UBS.
Uche Orji – UBS: I just wanted to drill down on your guidance for the March quarter. How much of that March quarter revenue number is fueled by the backlog and also I see that your inventory has gone up significantly, so just wondering if this inventory is building in anticipation of higher revenue or how do you explain that?
David Aldrich: The question as to how booked we are, if we take our current firm backlog and the forecast from our hub customers, we’re over 90% booked which is a good place for us to be in on this guidance, so we’re very comfortable the guidance is conservative. With respect to inventory, Don perhaps you could answer that.
Donald Palette: The inventory actually was up at the end of this quarter $12 million from the prior quarter and what you’re seeing there is it’s all a function of customer requirement dates for shipments. We have a high percentage of those early in the quarter, higher than normal, so we’ve got the inventory build that reflects that. The one thing to keep in mind, our velocity as far as turns, that’s how we measure inventory velocity, was above six for Q1. So again the inventory turns are very healthy and it’s really just a question of timing of customer demand. Nothing else.
Uche Orji – UBS: About your gross margin, if you could explain to me, as we go down from December to the March quarter, the difference in the gross margin is basically driven by revenue or is there any other factor that is leading to a lower gross margin in the March quarter?
Donald Palette: It’s strictly volume. All manufacturing companies have a fixed component of costs and that big of a revenue change does drive some margin pressure. That’s all you’re seeing. Nothing else unusual at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Gauna – JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: A point of clarification here, I was wondering, you mentioned the 17% compounded annual growth rate potential for your addressable markets. I’m assuming that this doesn’t include your potential for share gains. Is that correct?
David Aldrich: That’s correct. By the way, I need to point out that’s just in the handset sector. We have our smart grid business is growing faster than that. We have linear product markets that are growing faster than that. The 17% is, all it’s really doing is weighting the movement of the unit volume more toward 3G and smart phones where we have a higher addressable content and less towards 2G where the dollar content is lower. So I’m simply weighting the average dollar content of what we can address in more complex products versus less complex products and that 17% assumes ASP erosion as well. So that’s after ASP erosion.
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: And you touched on my follow on which is in regard to smart grid here. Pretty impressive array of engagements here. Can you give us an idea of the timetable for this, the magnitude and it seems like you’re giving a little bit more visibility than most of your wireless peers. Do you feel like you’ve got a first mover advantage in this market or share advantage at this point?
Liam Griffin: We did invest early in that sector as Dave outlined in the opening comments and we still believe that as much as we’ve enabled some great design wins with a number of players, it’s still very, very early in what we believe to be a multi-year cycle. So we’re well positioned for this. There are a number of products that we are selling to a variety of customers. We take advantage of the DNA that we’ve developed in mobile internet. We’re selling discrete components, integrated components and we enjoy a very good position. But it’s early, and we think there is quite a bit of growth ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Ferranti – Stephens Inc.
Stephen Ferranti – Stephens Inc.: Just a follow up to the prior question, Liam you mentioned that we’re early on in the smart grid opportunity playing out. Does the fact that you’re talking about now commencing volume production; does that imply any sort of acceleration perhaps in the growth in calendar year ’10?
Liam Griffin: Absolutely. In calendar year it will be a very good year for energy management business. The last several quarters have all been up sequentially. We will be up again in the March quarter. It’s just a matter of timing in terms of how these ramps roll out, how these utilities adopt the technology. We’re certainly trying to attract more and more end customers, but it will be a material growth driver for the non hand set portfolio in 2010.
Stephen Ferranti – Stephens Inc.: Your guidance implies sequential decline of only 8% which is I believe is less than the historic norm. Do you think that is a reflection of the fact that you’re picking up share or do you think that maybe the end markets are just down less than what’s seasonally normal.
David Aldrich: We’re assuming I guess one might say conservatively that the March seasonality will be down. It will be down normal levels which will be in the 10% to 15% range. Our guidance is better than that and we think we’ve outlined pretty conservative guidelines in guidance based upon backlog position and based upon some known program ramps where we have very high visibility. We’re ramping into production. It’s based on the mix of our business that in the March quarter we get much less seasonality from our linear products business and in these targeted vertical applications as Liam mentioned. Smart grid won’t be down in the March quarter. So I think it’s a combination of all of those things.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Your margin profile that you described here, sustaining these gross margins seems to be occurring even without a huge increase in your linear business or share gains in your linear business relative to the hand set side of it and it’s always been the case that the margins on those gross margins are significantly better than your hand set margin. Is that still the case? Is linear still doing better than the handsets? And what can we expect over the next year or so? Should we expect to see that break above the 25% of revenue for the firm or is it going to grow because you’re doing so well in the hand set side of the business, is it going to continue to be around the 20% mark? And if you could, tell us what it was this quarter.
David Aldrich: The model that Don described assumes that we have the same relative split between non hand set and hand set, linear products and hand sets. And while we have some, we talked about this a lot on calls in the past where at one time we had a growth in the hand set business expectation and we had sort of a catalog standard, particularly in the catalog business where we felt that while that was a great mix in terms of volatility and less volatility obviously and more profitability, we really wanted to step up our ability to go in very surgically with these targeted verticals and create fewer singles and more doubles and triples, to use a baseball analogy. We think we’re finally, it takes a long time to do that. You have to build your marketing team, your applications knowledge so that you’re not throwing spaghetti at the wall. We’re getting much better. Our hit rate is improving.  So it’s a long way of saying the model assumes a similar split. I’m optimistic that over the medium term, over the long term in this company you’re going to see us grow that business faster, but the model is not dependant on it.
Donald Palette: The hand sets were again in the mid to high 70% range just like you’ve seen over the past year.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: There’s been a lot of chatter about the mix shift for you from more of the low end stuff into China, maybe losing a little bit of share to competitors to taking a lot more share in the smart phone and that the larger hand set OEM. Doe that trend continue on the quarter? And then six inches, you’ve moved to six inch fab in the spring I guess full on or ramping it. Will that have an impact on gross margin? Is that a big part of your gross margin story for the year or can you quantify that?
Donald Palette: The six inch is consistent with what we communicated in prior quarters but we’ve been producing both four and six inch over the past several quarters as we’re ramping the new line. The full cut over will be complete at the end of this quarter and certainly when it’s fully utilized, it’s an important lever for us to increase internal capacity and expand gross margin. So it is part of the equation, the new business model formula. We haven’t quantified the exact impact and it will occur gradually over time as volume ramps.
David Aldrich: With respect to the China business, I’m not really sure where the comment that we’re losing share in China is coming from. We acquired Axiom a short time ago and that business is doing what we expected it to do. It’s allowing us to address the ultra low end and that’s going quite well. Our partnership with Media Tech is strong. We were very strong in the December quarter. And in addition, we’re moving from fewer of the commoditized pans, a gas chip in a box, and more of our going forward solutions are going to be customized front end solutions. We think we’re adding more of a differential advantage. So the shares move around. That market is sometimes difficult to get a bead on. There have been share shifts in that sector but we haven’t been a net loser on that. Our share is very strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suji De Silva – Kaufman Brothers.
Suji De Silva – Kaufman Brothers: I think you talked about some visibility to share gains in the coming quarter helping you over seasonality. Is that something you see continuing for the next few quarters or does it tail off at some point, that visibility from program ramps?
David Aldrich: It’s doesn’t tail off. It only tails off if your program ramps tail off and March is typically a slow quarter on the hand set side but the design activity I must say is just being driven through the roof. The number of new designs going through our characterization and qualification process, our AT, our sampling line is running 24/7. I think we doubled the number of new designs here in the last six to nine months versus the prior six to nine months. It’s really eating up multi-mode if you will or multi-band complex front end solutions is driving a lot of these linear products; low noise amplifiers, some complicated linear products devices. So I think you should look for ongoing share consolidation within our hand set business simply because the complexity is becoming more and more difficult for component suppliers to address. You’re seeing a few discrete switches, a few discrete PA’s, fewer and fewer of them in favor of a system approach that allows for miniaturization that’s shielded, high performance. I think that trend will not stop and we expect to be a beneficiary of that.
Suji De Silva – Kaufman Brothers: Along those lines, it sounds like you have a scenario where you have big growth. Where is the mix of your revenues now 3G versus non 3G and how that’s tracking.
Donald Palette: We were roughly 50% 2G, 50% 3G this quarter which is where we’ve been over the past several quarters. That’s dollars not units.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Shannon – Northland Securities.
Richard Shannon – Northland Securities: I have just one question on the topic of the Wi-Fi or wireless link. You referred to in your initial comments regarding your analog control devices with Intel’s wireless land business. I’m curious what kind of magnitude, what kind of a ramp we should see in that business. The second part of that question is what is your visibility into getting any sort of power amp wins with that particular customer and third, what’s your viewpoint on Wi-Fi and the hand sets in 2010? Is that going to be a product area of interest for you?
David Aldrich: With respect to Wi-Fi in general, we actually are doing quite well in that space. We have a number of customers; some in the PC OEM market, net book market, also some chip set partners like Broadcom that we work with. The Intel business is actually notable for us because we are now in that account for the first time, so it’s early engagement. There is a lot of blue sky within Intel. Today the business that we have is around CMOS switches for wireless land applications. We think there’s clearly opportunity for us to bring that up with L&A’s and power amplifiers and really gain some content. So first of all, we think the Wi-Fi space is really important for us. We’ve had that business for awhile. Intel is new. With respect to the broader attachment in hand sets I’m quite bullish on that. If you look at smart phones for example, virtually all of smart phones today carry Wi-Fi connectivity. We think attachments going into 2012, 2015 could be as much as 30% to 40% of the overall hand set market so it will be a big segment for wireless.
Richard Shannon – Northland Securities: Is Wi-Fi and hand sets even the material part of your business at this point or is this an account where it’s very early on in that curve.
David Aldrich: It’s actually most of our revenue in Wi-Fi today is in the laptop/net book space, but we have some customers who will be going into production on the hand set side by the middle of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis – Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company:  Can you just help us understand on the gross margin strength in the quarter, which of the factors that you identified were responsible for driving the upside to initial guidance?
Donald Palette: It was a combination of everything we discussed. It wasn’t any one specific item. It’s something we continue to focus on. We’re very margin improvement focused. It’s execution. Its product yield improvements. It’s factory productivity. It’s managing the cost base and it’s volume upside. All those things contributed to the overall margin expansion.  One of the things that we believe gives us a cost advantage is the whole fab life model that we deploy and we continue to leverage that, and striking the right balance between internal and external capacity also gives us cost and margin improvements.
David Aldrich: We also see some of the programs we identified in our prepared comments many of these programs have higher contribution margins and ultimately result in higher gross margins. So we thing over time as we achieve this medium model we talked about, it will be partially because of all the things that Don said. We’re also seeing a shift in our overall business towards more margin rich products over time.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: Just thinking about the first quarter, it seems like mix would become even more margin accretive for the company. Obviously volume is a headwind, but are there any other headwinds besides volume as we think about the first calendar quarter?
Donald Palette: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley: I had a question following up on the path to the mid 20’s operating margin that the $280 million to $300 million in revenue, is it fair to assume that at that rate gross margins will have to trend the mid 40’s and if that’s the case, is it more a case of volumes driving that since you’ll be at the $280 million to $300 million or is it more a matter of the operational improvements from the four inch to six inch fab conversion?
Donald Palette: The way we position the model is we give you the ability to take the revenue changes and run them at these different contribution levels and get a feel for where the margins are. So yes, the margins will start tracking towards the mid 45. That’s absolutely the case. And it’s going to be driven by the volume. Increased volume is absolutely going to drive benefit. We’ve got the new products Dave described, higher dollar content, some of these new linear product markets that we’re serving and the six inch ramp, and also, just continually focusing on design for cost and operational efficiencies in the factories. All those things are going to contribute to expanding the margins.
Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley: You mentioned the initial ramp into Itron’s Open Way energy management module. As we look at remote metering or smart metering in general, as that business picks up this year and given the number of engagements you have, as a percentage of your revenue, how meaningful without getting too detailed, I guess if you just give some kind of qualitative insights, how meaningful do you think that business will be by the end of the year?
David Aldrich: As we mentioned earlier, today within our non hand set portfolio it is the largest growth driver in 2010. We think by mid year, end of the year, you’ll be approaching potentially 20% of the non hand set business. From there it just really depends on how the company grows and how the rest of our linear businesses grow, but it will be a material driver. And we have good visibility. We have a suite of customers. Itron will be one of our more significant ones; also customers internationally. Then again, we’ve got some great macro tailwinds; government stimulus money, energy conservationists all want to be part of it so I think there’s good long term potential.
Donald Palette: As we talked about the early mover advantage, one of the things that we’ve done, we’ve created really specialized custom fairly integrated solutions. So the competition isn’t so much with somebody doing what we’re doing, but the competition is with a less efficient, more costly larger board space requirement with discrete design. So these are custom solutions and they just work and play better in these applications so there is a real differentiated product set here for us that will be difficult for the RF competitors to match.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aalok Shaw – D.A. Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shaw – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Could you just remind me of who the 10% customers in this quarter?
Donald Palette: We had one 10% customer this quarter. It was Samsung. Several of the customers were in the high single digits as we’ve seen in previous quarters but I think the important point to think of when you look at our results, we achieved $245 million in Q1 revenue and we did this with only one 10% customer. I really think the take away, that’s just a real true testament to our overall diversification, how well we’re executing on that strategy.
Aalok Shaw – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Along those same lines, I know you talked about Nokia in the past and you’ve mentioned it. I’m sure they’re a high percentage of revenue this quarter, but can you give us the status of where you think you are with Nokia and how we should be thinking about Nokia going through this year?
David Aldrich: Nokia of course represents great potential for Skyworks. We are engaged with that customer fully. Having said that, our revenues today are well below 10%. We think we have our sights and their sights set on material growth over the next several years. We’re moving from 3G to Edge and eventually even some of their GPS platforms. So we feel very positive about that, but again we’re nowhere near where our capabilities could lead us here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital.
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital: Inventory levels in the channel, I’d love to hear your thoughts on that and are you seeing any pricing pressures? And for Don, your view on 2010 tax rates.
David Aldrich: Inventory right now looks actually quite balanced. There’s always going to be a few pockets where maybe a distributor or some hub inventories floating around. We feel pretty good. Last quarter was very well balanced. Entering this quarter backlog looks pretty good so we don’t see any trouble or any alarms with inventory. And pricing so far looks actually quite stable, so we’re not alarmed by pricing and we’re not concerned about that going into the new year.
Donald Palette: On the tax rate, we’re looking at, and this is consistent with what we guided prior quarter is right now for 2010 we have about $90 million of NOL that we’re going to be able to deploy this year. So that’s providing us with an 8% cash tax rate. And we talked about an estimate for next year. I just want to give a little color on that. We’ve got several key tax initiatives that we’re working on as we speak. One of those will be deployed in the second half of the year, the other for fiscal 2011 and what that’s going to allow us to do is we believe deliver a cash tax rate next year of roughly 12%. We’ve got a lot of focus in this area and we think this is going to put us in a very competitive tax position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Koffman – Raymond James.
Todd Koffman – Raymond James: You commented in your prepared remarks about the higher content in these new smart phones. You threw out the $8.00 number. Is there a trend within the new smart phone designs coming on the market to source all of the PA’s from a single supplier or is it a mix and match so that if you call out a design win chances are somebody else has got the same design win as well.
David Aldrich: I think clearly what you’re describing, the later half of what you just described has been the case because a lot of these newer smart phone, these entrance weren’t phone manufacturers and they followed a pretty strict reference design approach and those references design approach had a lot of discrete content on them. If you notice some of the larger cellular OEM’s are really driving more chip level and package level integration, and that over time in our experience has always tended to migrate toward more integration not less – always over time. I think these newer products and platforms we’re seeing are working very closely not only with our smart phone OEM’s but with our base band partners are becoming much higher levels of integration, much more thought early on in the development of the base band solution themselves, and much harder to extract a component from it. That’s why my comment for example that there are a couple of suppliers who are always very big on selling discrete switches. I think those discrete switches will be incorporated into models either into a switch module or a front end PA transmit chain, and I think that’s just a fact and it won’t end. Now reference designs will have some mix and match approaches because they’re obvious desire is to have continuity of supply and so on so there’s kind of this pull from the customers to give them more integration and of course the base band folks want a competitive solution but they also don’t want to be beholden to one component company and I understand that. So over time there will be a trend in one direction which is more integration, more winner takes all, more customization, fewer component opportunities for discrete providers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: Just based on your March quarter guidance will your hand set business also be better than seasonal or is it more that that will be more in line with seasonality and the better results driven by linear and smart grid.
David Aldrich: We believe that the hand set business will be somewhat better than seasonality and we’re basing that on backlog. So March quarter is always a seasonally down quarter and there’s a lot of material that moves at the end of the December quarter so that kind of needs to be digested if you will and understood and in the channels we’re in the process of doing that. But the assumption is that we would get less seasonality obviously in our linear products business and hand sets would be somewhat better than seasonal and of course we attempted to be quite conservative as we usually do with our guidance.
Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: You mentioned a pretty important win for 3G infrastructure in China. Can you add some color there? Is that a market that you expect to do quite well in in 2010? I realize that it’s the beginning ramp for you but help us understand a little bit more when we could potentially see some bigger ramps from that program in 2010.
David Aldrich: We absolutely believe that China infrastructure can be very important for us so we are seeing some traction with the TV companies. We think that they are net share gainers today globally and we have some very custom engines here that bring into account our mixers, synthesizers, products that are margin rich, highly customized and performance driven. So there will be movement in the right direction off of that and we think over the next few years they could be very significant accounts for us.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session. I’d like to turn the call to Dave Aldrich for closing comments.
David Aldrich: This concludes our call today and on behalf of the entire Skyworks team thank you so much for your participation and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and on road shows.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Aldrich - President & Chief Executive Officer Don Palette - Chief Financial Officer Liam Griffin - Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing Tom Schiller - Investor Relations
Analysts: Uche Orji - UBS Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc. Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co. Richard Shannon - Northland Securities Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Nathan Johnson - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Skyworks Solutions fourth quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Tom Schiller Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Schiller, please go ahead, sir.
Tom Schiller: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks’ fourth fiscal quarter 2009 conference call.  Joining me are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer, and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for you questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we’ve used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relation’s section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
Dave Aldrich: Thank you, Tom, and welcome everyone. I’m pleased to report that the Skyworks posted solid results in the September quarter, outperforming our addressed markets and delivering strong top and bottom line sequential growth while further strengthening our balance sheet.  Specifically in the quarter, we delivered revenue of $228 million and that’s up 19% sequentially. We expanded our gross margins to 41%. We improved operating income to nearly 19% and we posted $0.24 of earnings per share and that’s up 50% sequentially and frankly a new company record.  With respect to cash, we generated $70 million of cash flow from operations. We retired another $17 million of our 2010 convertible debt and we exited the quarter with $370 million of cash. Finally, we guided up 13-15% in the December quarter on a year-over-year basis with a 20% operating margin and a $1.00 of earnings per share annualized run rate. At a higher level, we’re benefiting from a few key strategic market trends and I’d like to walk through them briefly. First, the rapid growth of the mobile internet and increasing demand for always on connectivity. Particularly given the ubiquity of social networking applications and the proliferation of Smartphone of notebooks, net books, and embedded wireless devices. Second, the global migration to innovative smart grid and energy management solutions, as utilities and consumers seek to more efficiently utilize and manage gas, water, and electricity usage and optimize grid performance. Third, the emergence of a host of analog intensive applications spanning high definition television, automotive, CATV, wireless and wire line infrastructure, medical, military and industrial markets. At the same time, we’re continuing to make substantial progress along each of our strategic objectives and we’ve been speaking with you about these for many quarters now. Our objectives are to gain share in our targeted markets. Our objectives are to diversify our business through increased traction in adjacent analog markets. Finally, to execute operationally in order to deliver ongoing gross and operating margin improvement, as well as higher returns on invested capital.  With regard to gaining market share and as we hope our results demonstrate, Skyworks is outperforming across the mobile internet spectrum from notebooks and data cards to Smartphone to entry level devices.  On the high end, Skyworks is uniquely now supporting all top five top tier handset OEMs in all key Smartphone suppliers with a disproportionate share of the latter growth segment. In fact, according to Oppenheimer, the Smartphone category is expected to grow 21% in 2009 and reach 185 million units this year. In that growth, it’s expected to accelerate to 326 million units by 2011 and that’s a 33% compounded growth rate. I recall that these devices drive substantially more semiconductor dollar content as compared with traditional 2G and even 3G handsets.  Social networking sites like Facebook, like MySpace, and Twitter are further fueling consumers’ demands for broadband network access to share streaming audio, video, and picture content.  Perhaps most importantly, the Smartphone food chain, that is the food chain is highly successful with service providers such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon, deriving highly profitable revenue streams from data services and other embedded wireless devices, Even during the darkest days of het recession. Their strategy is quite simple – place application-rich Smartphone in the hands of the consumer and both parties benefit. Consumer satisfy their thirst for real time mobile internet access, while carriers gain from ever-increasing RPU levels. As a result, the OEMs, our customers providing the hardware, derive increased value from their devices, which of course we populate with our solution.  Now at the same time, we’re diversifying into new markets, the second element of our strategy. For example, we’re now participating on the infrastructure side of the mobile internet phenomenon as well. Here we’re now supporting the key market leaders like Cisco, Erikson, Wawa, ZTE, Alcatel Lucent, with our growing family of networking solutions. According to mobile network analysts from Informa, mobile data traffic volumes are set to ride 25 fold, 25 fold from current levels by the year 2012. As a result, mobile operators need to begin to install new bay station routers, back hall network equipment. Starting now, to avoid network traffic jams in the future, and ultimately to preserve their highly profitable data service revenue.  Clearly over the long haul, there will need to be upgrades and expansion to existing infrastructure requiring increase in analog and mixed signal content.  To that end, during the quarter, we’ve introduced a wide range of wire line and wireless networking and bay station solutions with several new higher margin products under development and entering our pipeline.  We’re particularly excited about our strategic growth potential within smart grid applications. This is another targeted vertical market for Skyworks.  To frame our market opportunity here, consider that there are 2.7 billion meters worldwide. 2.7 billion, according to IMS Research, of which only 8% are automated today. Accordingly, we see a massive retro fit in deployment opportunity as utilities seek to more efficiently manage their grid to the name of lower administration costs and of course high return on investment.  Like the internet itself, smart grids are complex, multi-layered network of networks, and are increasingly interactive. This market landscape is made up of a wide variety of components, applications like sensors and controls, enabling us to leverage several key RF building blocks across a broad eco system of energy management suppliers. For us, these include I-Tron, Esco, Neptune, Landerson Gear, and Census.  In support of products ranging from handheld meters, meter readers, to smart meters, to home automation systems, and in the latter case, home automation systems, we’re supporting both the access point in various nodes throughout the home like thermostats, air conditioners, and appliances via our Zigbee solutions.  Of special note I think, just last week, the administration committed $3.4 billion of stimulus money for 100 smart grid projects in 49 states. As part of the funding, utilities are contributing another $4.7 billion to the projects, pushing total spending to $8.1 billion dollars.  Our focus on this particular market segment began a few years ago and it sprang from our analog catalog business as customers sought custom management solutions from us. Okay, finally the third element of our strategy, is to continue to execute operationally. This aspect of our strategy has become even more or became even more important as we entered the economic downturn. In fact, our fab light manufacturing approach and our leaner cost structure allowed Skyworks to post record operating income in 2009 of $125 million and operating margins of just greater than 15%, even in the context of this market. I think perhaps most importantly we’re able to generate $210 million in cash flow from operations in fiscal 2009. This during the worst industry down cycle in recent memory.  I believe our performance against this challenging backdrop speaks to the resolve of the Skywork’s team and frankly the strength of our business model. Now of special note, we are guiding to a 20% operating margin in the current quarter, in the December quarter. In longer range, we now see a path to operating margins in the mid-20’s and Don will comment on that further in a moment.  So at a higher level, we are transforming Skyworks and are committed to creating a company that can rival some of the best analog franchises in terms of growth, in terms of diversification, in terms of profitability and cash generation. Perhaps most importantly, we’re entering this new and exciting phase with a very rich product pipeline, a broad sales channel, and demonstrated operational agility. All this towards creating shareholder value.  I’ll now turn this call over to Don for his review.
Donald Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone.  I’ll first provide a quick summary of our fourth fiscal quarter results, then provide our business outlook, including an update on our projected tax rate. Finally, I’ll outline our new long-term operating margin target. First to our fourth quarter results. Revenue for the period was $228.1 million, up 19% sequentially, and exceeding our updated revenue guidance range of $220 to $225 million provided in September. Gross profit was $93.4 million or 40.9% of revenue, 40 basis points sequential expansion and that was driven by continued factory process and productivity enhancements, product and yield improvements, and finally double digit year-over-year material cost reductions. Operating expenses were $50.9 million, of which R&D was $29.3 million and SG&A was $21.6 million, yielding 42.5 million of operating income, and a 18.6% operating margin.  Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $410,000 of expense, while taxes were $255,000. Note, both our other expense and cash taxes were favorably impacted by one time cash benefits equating to one penny of earnings per share in total. Incidentally, you’ll note that based on the strength of our 2009 financial performance and our earnings outlook, we reversed approximately $30 million of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance and our GAAP income statement with no benefit to our non-GAAP results.   As a result, our GAAP net income was $56 billion, or $0.32 of diluted earnings per share, while our non-GAAP income was $41.8 million or $0.24 of diluted earnings per share, a new company record.  Turning to the balance sheet, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $370 million, a $62 million sequential improvement in our cash balance even after the retirement of $17 million of 2010 convertible debt.  During the quarter, we $70 million in cash flow from operations, we recorded $20 million of depreciation and we invested $15 million in capital expenditures. Now to our business outlook for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2010. Although we continue to remain cautious on the broader economy, based on our improving order visibility and backlog strength, we anticipate 13 to 15% year-over-year revenue growth driven by mobile internet, energy management, and diversified analog applications, as Dave mentioned earlier. Assuming $240 million in revenue, we plan to expand gross margin to the 41.5 to 42% range with operating expenses of roughly $51.5 million enabling us to deliver a 20% operating margin.  Below the line, we anticipate $700,000 in expense for net interest and other expense. As for taxes, recall we previously guided to a 15% cash tax rate beginning in fiscal 2010, but with the implementation of tax initiatives in the first half of 2010 and the use of our remaining R&D tax credits, we are reducing our estimated fiscal 2010 cash rate to approximately 8%.  In turn, you can expect Skyworks to achieve $1 per share annualized run rate off of a base of 179 million shares beginning this quarter and with further improvements planned as we progress into physical 2010.  In fact, since we are on track to achieve our financial model, today we are outlining a new operating margin target for Skyworks. Given our top line growth plans, scale, product gross margin improvements, and operating expense leverage, we now have a path to operating margins in the mid-20’s. We believe this longer term model is highly achievable and strikes the right balance between gaining market share, enhancing margins, and most importantly maximizing free cash flow dollars. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let’s open the lines up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Uche Orji - UBS.
Uche Orji – UBS:  First question is about your long-term margin. Just wondering, in a sense, what is the gross margin expectation and how much revenue growth you would need for this and also if you have any timeline in mind to achieve this target.
Donald Palette:  As we have articulated over the past year or so, our previous targeted model of $240 million in quarterly revenue that we were going to be at 42% gross margin and 20% operating margin. As our Q1 guidance indicates, we’re expecting to achieve these targets this quarter. So given our future product mix, new markets, and the value of our new products, we see a path to the mid-20’s for operating margin.  This expansion is going to be a combination of both gross margin expansion and leveraging our operating expense base, but right now we’re just not providing the detailed elements today, but we certainly will over time. 
Uche Orji – UBS:  Secondly, who was the ten percent customers was this quarter and who was your largest customer?
Dave Aldrich:  Sure, we had two ten percent customers this quarter. We had Samsung, Sony, Erikson. Just want to note that LG and Motorola, all those were in the high single digits for the quarter, with Samsung being the top customer for the quarter.  
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: First a household question, Don. You retired some of the debt. How should we think about the share count evolving here? I don’t know if the convert is in the outstanding shares count here or not. Second, with regards to your mid-20’s. I understand it’s a long term, but does that require fundamental change in mix between your linear and sale, that on the current mix just by continuing to drive your leverage you can get there or is it really a product mix that needs to change? 
Donald Palette:  I’ll address the first question. We guided $179 in Q1. As far as the converts, the debt that is outstanding through any of the quarter ends we’ve just gone through, there already is dilution for some of those converts space in the fact that they have been in the money.  On a go-forward basis, they have cash settlement options. So we have the option of when the debt matures, we have this first maturing March 1 to either settle an equity or pay in cash. Our intention is to pay it in cash. So I wouldn’t expect any future dilution.
Dave Aldrich:  With respect to the long-term model that Don outlined, I’d really call it frankly more of a mid-term model. If you go back and look at historically with Skyworks, as we’ve increased our revenue, we’ve had a pretty consistent model where we’ve dropped through a fairly healthy percentage of that increase in revenue to the bottom line. It’s been a combination of gross margin and operating income expansion.  So that’s really what we see. It is not a fundamental shift in the overall business, but it does take advantage of some of the newer products and new markets and the degree of diversification we’re now having as we enter 2010 and the associated high contribution margin those products bring, but they’re identified programs. 
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: Follow-up question regarding your meter of business. Maybe, Don, you can just qualify a ballpark standpoint, how much was that this past quarter and what is the run rate you think you can get to exiting next fiscal year?
Liam Griffin: Sure, Ittai. This is Liam. Well that business, as you know, is really in the early stages and we believe to be a meaningful and long-term growth cycle. We were up sequentially in September. We’ll be up even more in the current quarter, the December quarter. Right now it’s the fastest growing segment of our analog mix signal business and roughly about 15% of that portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc.
Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc.: I’m wondering if you guys could give us your sense of what inventory looks like out there these days. Certainly been some anecdotes of some pockets of inventory and some corrections going on. I’m wondering if you could describe to us what you’re seeing. 
Dave Aldrich:  Our visibility has improved somewhat, I’ll say, from where it was certainly three to six months ago. Our market, to stabilize, and inventory is normalizing after there was some restocking that occurred again here in the last six months. So clearly there are pockets of concern. This market, as you know, is a bit choppy. I will say this, that when we provide our guidance and our commentary in the prepared remarks is that we’re really discussing very well defined and specific program ramps and it’s helping to somewhat insulate us from some of the volatility that you’ve seen out there.  In any event, we do see choppiness, but we also are fortunate to have the clearly defined ramps. 
Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc.:  A quick follow-up for me. Can you tell us what percentage book you are to the mid-point of your guidance? 
Dave Aldrich:  In an attempt to be conservative, we’re fully booked to the guidance. 
Operator: Your next question is from Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I’ll follow up on Steve’s question there. In terms of where you see some pockets of inventory, can you describe that on a geographical basis?
Dave Aldrich:  As I said, clearly there’s been a lot of discussion about Korea and one company in particular, a customer of ours, but I must say that’s where the concern has been. That’s been registered with us, we think over the last quarter, but I think in that case we’re really quite fortunate we have some base partnerships there that are allowing us to take some share, both in the case of Wideband CDMA and Edge and GPRS where we have a strong position.  So we haven’t been subjected to the same level of volatility as apparently others have experienced. Having said that, we’re modeling that customer even with these ramps to be flat to modestly up in the December quarter. 
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: In terms of the mix to try to get to the mid-20 type of operating margins, does it require your linear business to become a bigger percentage of total revenue? 
Donald Palette:  When we built this model, just like we did the previous model, we never assumed any shift in the mix between our diversified analog business and our handset business and you can assume that going forward. That is the way we’re looking at the model. So any change in that mix is going to be upside for us. 
Dave Aldrich:  This isn’t, the handset business that you might have thought about one, two, certainly one year ago. Even within our handset business, we have some really margin-rich and very complicated sole sores, mostly custom devices in design. So when we talk about Smartphone, when we talk about some of these really sophisticated mobile internet devices and various form factors, the dollar content is higher but so are the contribution dollars. 
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Shannon - Northland Securities
Richard Shannon - Northland Securities: My question regards around expected ASP declines for next year versus how they trended in 2009 thus far and specifically on 3G. Any change in that expected pricing curve?
Dave Aldrich:  Certainly 2009, given the recessionary environment, particularly the front half of the year was difficult from an ASP perspective. We see now pricing stabilizing now with inventory being rebalanced and overall market conditions improving slightly.  Going into 2010, I think we’re going to do pretty well with respect to ASPs. It will be less erosion for us in our current model. Some of that comes from diversified analog, which tends to have a much better ASP profile and also significant ramps in 3G. We’re in very good position with respect to price and we should be coming out of that quite strong.
Richard Shannon - Northland Securities: My follow-up question is on your transition to six inch substrate manufacturing. Do you have any update on the timing when you expect that to switch over and what kind of an impact would that have on your outside foundry partners. Do you expect to take relatively more away from them as you do so or is there going to be some sort of balance in there?
Donald Palette:  We have been producing both four inch and six inch wafers over the past several quarters as we are ramping the new six inch line. Our full cutover plans for approximately mid-year. This year there’s been no drag on the margins during that time and when it’s fully up and running the second half the year, we do expect some of that margin expansion as a result of that.  As far as our wafer, the foundries providing us a wafer supply, that’s a critical part of our overall manufacturing strategy. It’s a redundant source of supply for us, it’s critical. They’re going to continue to produce some volume and as we ramp the overall business, there’s going to be the right kind of mix to drive the margin enhancement as we go forward. 
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital
Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital: Can you give us the percent of your revenues that was the linear products group?
Donald Palette:    Sure. The handset was roughly 80% this quarter, while the linear, the diversified analog business, was about 20%.
Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital: Any geographic strengths that you saw in the quarter and any changes to that December or going forward?
Dave Aldrich:  Sure. We have seen in general performance out of the 8-pack market. So particularly China, also Korea, and some of our partners in China specifically MediaT support not only local markets, but also some emerging economies in India, Africa, Southeast Asia. So we have seen some strength there.  When we look at the December quarter, we’ve modeled those markets to be very conservative and not a significant part of the growth this quarter, but we still consider them meaningful for 2010.
Donald Palette:  I think with respect to energy management, some of the diversified non-handset businesses, we are seeing strength in N.A. and U.S. 
Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital: March visibility. We’re hearing from a lot of our contacts that it may not be down as much as seasonal. Any thoughts. 
Dave Aldrich:  I think it’s a little too early to comment on March, frankly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder (Mike Alexander) - Charter Equity Research: This is Mike Alexander in for Ed Snyder. The cash generation this quarter was very strong and I just wondered as you build up cash, what is the minimum level that you need to keep on hand and once you’ve paid off the debt, what are some of the uses of cash that you’re thinking?
Donald Palette:  We have done a very good job over the past year and a half and continue to strengthen the balance sheet. If we step back and you look at our working capital fluctuations and to be somewhat conservative, you know, we view that in the somewhere in the $125 to maybe $140 million range with the way the business is structured today. That’s kind of our baseline cash.  Keep in mind, we have retired $120 million of the debt over the last 12 months. We have, after buying back $17 million of the $50 million that’s due March 1. So coming up in March 1, we have another $33 million that we’re going to pay and at that point we are going to have a healthy cash reserve balance to entertain options of whether we go out and buy additional debt, whether we buy back stock, or any other kind of critical investments that we might see appropriate. 
Edward Snyder (Mike Alexander) - Charter Equity Research: As my follow-up, I wondered if you could update us on the Axiom business that you acquired last quarter. Is there any initiatives on there or is it just kind of chugging along?
Dave Aldrich:  First of all, we’re very happy with the acquisition. We’ve got some really good designs IP and the team while small is integrating nicely with the rest of Skyworks.  The revenue has been relatively small, but I think as we add that IP to our arsenal, we’re really able to create some new designs that are pretty slick and we’ve been able to address some customers. There is a customer set that is addressing segments of the ultra low-end market that they’re really not attractive to us, that now our margin requirements, we’re able to address that. So we’ve been able to expand our ultra low-end market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder (Mike Alexander) - Charter Equity Research: 
Operator: Your next question comes from Nicole Conway in for Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners
Nicole Conway in for Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Going back to your guidance, it appears maybe conservative being fully booked to your number. Curious if there’s anything behind that if you see indications of double ordering or anything like that?
Dave Aldrich:  No, I wouldn’t read anything more into it than we’re just attempting to be prudent. This is what we normally do. We try to guide with the highest confidence that we can and so we’ve done nothing different this time. 
Nicole Conway in for Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: As a follow-up, I was curious about the potential mix shift toward your linear business. Could that potentially happen like a 20-10 event where you start to see a shift toward that or do you expect that to be further out?
Dave Aldrich:  The shift is getting a little bit blurred, because when we talk about the mobile internet for example, those are quite a diversified suite of product. They’re high dollar content. In most cases, they’re high margin. And so, it’s not your grandfather’s PA, for example. So it’s a little bit blurred. We haven’t anticipated any major shifts as we provide this guidance. There are certainly opportunities for us to move what has been kind of a catalog-standard business that’s now being augmented by some we think some pretty exciting verticals like smart energy, smart grid. So we think there’s an opportunity to grow it faster than the handset , but with this mobile internet phenomena and the much higher dollar content we’re achieving in smart phones and some of these other devices, these two businesses are expected at least in terms of our modeling to grow in relative lock step with one another. 
Operator: Your next question is from Nathan Johnson - Pacific Crest Securities
Nathan Johnson - Pacific Crest Securities: Curious if you could provide an update on order trends, particularly over the last few weeks as new platforms from OEMs are hitting the market. Are you seeing more confidence out of your customers in terms of what their expectations for Q4 are or you seeing potentially some nervousness going forward?
Liam Griffin:  Order trends actually look quite good at this point, but at the same time, as Dave mentioned, we’re being reasonably cautious. We are looking at the signals across the landscape here in the mobile eco system that we sell into.  We are seeing, again, a mix shift here. We have certain OEMs regaining share and others maybe a little more flattish, but in aggregate we look to be modestly up as we’ve outlined and order flow supports our guidance. 
Nathan Johnson - Pacific Crest Securities: Was hoping to get an update on the ramp at Nokia. I know you guys have been looking to have them as a ten percent customer and I know you’ve also talked about looking eventually to get to be at least a third of their business. Where do you think you can get in fiscal 2010, do you think you can get halfway to that goal of a third of their business? 
Liam Griffin:  Absolutely. We are very much committed to the share gains that we’ve outlined with Nokia being a third of their business. We believe that’s an event that is solely within our control. We have the programs and the designs well positioned to execute on that end. So I would say a 15% position would be a fair target if not low for 2010 at Skyworks.
Dave Aldrich:  I would add that it is really our goal not only to penetrate and to get closer to the leaders, but also to become a very close partner to the leading baseband manufacturers. So as a result, we really are striving to be less dependent on any one OEM and so as we’ve seen pretty massive share shifts in the emergence of the Smartphone sector, for example, we’ve been able to ride through that, because we don’t have the kind of concentration that I think many have experienced in this industry in the past. That’s really a goal of ours. We want to be a third of their business and if that volume is somewhere else, then we hope to have that business as well. 
Operator: There appear to be no further questions in the queue. I’d like to turn the call to…well we do have a reprompt from Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Don, just one quick question. On the balance, said their income line went up a little bit. Can you describe what that was?
Donald Palette:  Sure, that was the premiums that we paid on the converts. Recognize that we bought 17 million principle, but what drives the price of the converts is the underlying shares. So whatever the market price is, you link that back to the conversion price and then there’s a premium because we’re trading above the conversion price. That’s all that that was. 
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. 
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: Don, a question for you. Your accounts payable have increased sequentially quite significantly. Are you not paying your bills? Maybe you can give us a little bit more color into that.
Donald Palette:  No, we track, there’s a metric. It’s our day’s payable outstanding. It’s sort of like a DSO measure for how you track how quickly sales and there hasn’t been any dramatic change in our days outstanding over the last three or four quarters. There’s nothing different going on there.
Operator: And we return to Cody Acree – William Financial Group
Cody Acree – William Financial Group: One quick one. Market share versus market projectory. Obviously outpacing your peers. What’s your take on driver here? Is it you or is it the market?
Dave Aldrich:  It’s really a combination. There are clear areas where we have been fortunate enough to take some share through the efforts with our baseband partners and with some of the products that we fielded here over the last several quarters. So we are taking some share in some sectors, but I think equally if not more important is the market is changing and we work very hard to field designs that are mostly highly customized, highly specific for the application, and as a result more often than not, and more often than ever in the past for our company, we are sole sourcing these applications. So it’s more of a mix phenomena, but we are taking some share as these platforms are refreshed. 
Operator: With that, there are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to turn the call to Dave Aldrich for additional or closing comments. 
Dave Aldrich: Thank you. That concludes our cal today and on behalf of the entire Skyworks team, thank you for your participation. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and on deal road shows.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-07-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Aldrich - President & Chief Executive Officer Don Palette - Chief Financial Officer Liam Griffin - Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing Tom Schiller - Investor Relations
Analysts: George Iwanyc - Oppenheimer Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers Todd Koffman - Raymond James Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Merck Lutcher - Barclays Capital  Parag - UBS Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc.
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions third quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Schiller Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Schiller, please go ahead, sir.
Tom Schiller: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks’ third quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. Joining me are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer; and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Liam will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for you questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance, we will discuss today, are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we’ve used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relation’s section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
Dave Aldrich: Thanks Tom and welcome everyone. Well, despite the economic downturn, I am really very pleased to report that the Skyworks team delivered solid top and bottom-line performance in the June quarter and exceeded all of our key financial and operational targets. Throughout this difficult market, we’ve been working diligently across Skyworks to remain focused on our customers and to become a better supplier and a stronger competitor. It’s our firm belief that it’s in times like this that provide opportunities to gain share, and to improve customer relations while at the same, streamlining our operations. Today, Don, Liam and I will be providing an update on these activities and our progress. Specifically in our third fiscal quarter, we delivered revenue of 191.2 million, that’s up 11% sequentially. We expanded our gross margins to 40.5%. We improved operating income by 35% sequentially to a 15% operating margin today and we posted $0.16 of earnings per share and that’s $0.02 better than our guidance. We generated $44 million of cash flow from operations, and we exited with $308 million of cash. At a higher level, our financial performance reflects the progress we are making towards realizing our longer term goal of becoming the world’s leading supplier of analog semiconductors for mobile connectivity applications.  Our strategy, I think is really quite simple and straightforward. It’s to leverage our scale and the capabilities we’ve derived from our handset business to first consolidate and take share within our targeted markets; second, to gain increased traction within our analog catalogue business; third, to open new market segments with innovative products and solutions; and fourth, to deliver superior operating margins and return on investment. So I’ll follow that format throughout this discussion today and to begin, I’d like to discuss how we’re gaining share in our targeted markets within both the high and low-end handset segments. On the high-end, growth of the smart phone category is a micro-trend today that in some ways is transforming our industry. Multimedia platforms are strategically important to us, given not only the increasing consumer demand for mobile voice for data, for video, but the related network capacity expansion needs of the service operators. This demand is fostering an industry-wide sea change and it’s really not unlike the PC revolution of the 90s. In fact the smart phone is moving from a higher end tool reserved for corporate road warriors to an increasingly a mainstream communications platform, one that is truly changing the way we live, the way we work and the way we play. This segment equally, importantly has been embraced by carriers with a highly profitable stream of data service revenue. A little further down the food chain, our OEM customers demand for extended battery life for improved data rates for multi-band and multi-mode capability and for ever smaller devices, perfectly intersects with what we at Skyworks uniquely develop and deliver. As an example at a RIM, we have begun shipping our first 3G WCDMA PA products as they prepare to launch refresh platforms and this is an existing growth vector for us and it compliments our existing strength at RIM in CDMA and GPRS and in EDGE. Likewise at Samsung and LG, we’re in the midst of an expansion as we move from supporting GPRS and EDGE handsets to multi-band wideband CDMA touch screen platforms and smart phones. Particularly, as they increasingly leverage Qualcomm, Broadcom and Infineon reference design, where we are a leading front-end module supplier and today I am very pleased to announce that we’ve recently won our very first design at HTC, a leading Taiwanese 3G smart phone producer and with the addition of HTC today, Skyworks is now uniquely supporting all leading smart phones providers. In the low-end or the emerging market segments, we’re seeing increasing strength driven by our scale and some recent market share gains. Additionally during the quarter, we acquired Axiom or completed the acquisition of Axiom Microdevices. Axiom is the world’s only volume supplier of CMOS, silicon-based power amplifiers for mobile phones, the only supplier in the world. Through this acquisition we’re complementing our existing leadership Gallium Arsenide capabilities. We’re bolstering our fundamental intellectual property portfolio and it’s allowing us to capture more share on the ultra low-end of the market, where cost often supersedes performance. We are now today, the largest provider of front-end solutions into this high-growth market segment that includes China, India, Africa, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. Further, the addition of Axiom’s product line underscores our commitment to providing our customers with the broadest, the most compressive suite of solutions on a process agnostic basis, to meet their unique platform, the unique geographic and cost base. Okay, now switching gears to the second prong of our strategy. We’re continuing traction within our Analog Catalog business. During the quarter, we introduced several high linearity ultra low noise amplifiers to service a number of demanding receiver applications, including global positioning, satellite radio, infrastructure markets as well as ISM hubs repeaters and access points. I think, it’s of note to say that we’ve, first we have captured our first design win with Ericsson’s base station business in support of Verizon’s LTE network deployments as well. At the same time, we broadened our portfolio silicon-based VCO synthesizers, and RF mixers addressing 3G and 4G infrastructure applications. We’ve recently won awards from Huawei, from Alcatel-Lucent, and Nokia-Siemens networks. Incidentally, our analog products catalog is a high margin business that now bodes nearly a thousand customers and a roster of customers is growing. Okay, continuing along, third, we are opening new market segments with innovative products and solutions. We’ve added customers in the high growth energy management area, most recently beginning production at ESCO and Neptune, who joined our roster of Itron, Badger Meter, Landis and Gyr, and Sensus, some of the first movers in deploying new and retrofitted smart water, gas and electric meters worldwide. These strategic partnerships are enabling Skyworks to develop highly customized and high performance solutions for these growing smart grid applications. In wireless networking, another targeted vertical application for us; we’ve recently captured our very first design win at Intel with their portfolio of 802.11b/g/n chipsets. Given Intel’s market leaderships we’re delighted by this initial in-road and intend to expand our engagement to encompass a wider variety of products and a wider variety of protocols. During the quarter we also ramped front-end solutions as part of Broadcom’s wireless LAN reference design and as a result, are now enabling three of the world’s top four netbook and notebook OEMs. I’m also pleased to report that Skyworks is now supporting Microsoft Xbox gaming console and controller with advanced analog components.  Finally, from a new product and customer standpoint, we’ve entered the mobile video market recently with reference design wins that are going into production this quarter at ZTE and [long share] in China. Our devices support not only handsets and smart phones but also PCs, notebooks and netbooks, which have the potential to serve as converge, TV and media devices. Like the smartphone trend we outlined earlier, we believe that mobile video applications have enormous long-term growth potential. According to CISCO, 64% of the world’s mobile network traffic will be video, 64% by the year 2013 with 150% compounded growth between the years 2008 and 2013. This explosive growth is driven by mobile TV and web browsing as well as emerging applications including telemedicine, machine to machine, enhanced navigation, and interactive gaming. We are excited to be positioned very early in the mobile video market. Now lastly, the final element of our four-prong strategy, but certainly not least is to deliver superior operating margins and superior return on investment. We are in the process of creating a fairly unique business model that delivers consistent returns, more common to what you would expect from a diversified analog company, that enhanced our company. As evidenced in June, we delivered a 15% operating margin, and we are guiding to a 17% operating income performance in the current quarter. This is putting us on track to achieve our previously outlined target model earlier than expected. Given our product pipeline and the success of our fab light strategy and our leaner cost structure today, we now see a path to 20% operating margins at revenue levels significantly less than the 250 million quarterly model.  This is a new paradigm quite simply we’re creating a uniquely diversified company with the scale derived from high volume applications, applied to a range of margin rich analog products and markets. As a result, we have never been better positioned to outperform our addressable markets to achieve our long term financial targets and most importantly to create shareholder value. I will now turn this over to Don for his financial review.
Donald Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter was 191 million, up 11% sequentially and versus our prior guidance of 5% growth from Q2’s 173 million level. Gross profit was 77.5 million increasing to 40.5% of revenue and driven by improved equipment efficiencies at all of our factories, progress on yield improvement initiatives and ongoing material cost reductions. Operating expenses were 48.9 million, of which R&D was 28.1 million and SG&A was 20.8 million, yielding 28.6 of operating income, and a 15% operating margin. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was 900,000 of expense while taxes were 600,000. As a result, net income was 27 million, or $0.16, of diluted earnings per share, $0.02 better than our guidance and consensus estimates. Turning to the balance sheet, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $308 million, a $40 million sequential improvement in our cash balance even after the cash acquisition of Axiom. Of note, we generated 44 million in cash flow from operations, recorded 11 million of depreciation and invested 6 million in capital expenditures. At a higher level, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, focusing on translating improving business performance into a higher cash balance. We generated 140 million of cash flow from operations on a fiscal year-to-date basis. This balance sheet strength is increasingly a key competitive advantage as customers and suppliers alike seek to align with financially well-positioned partners who can support their long-term roadmaps. Now, to our business outlook for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2009. Although, we remain cautious on the macro-economy, our expanding product, market and customer footprints are positioning us well for a strong second half of calendar 2009. Specifically, we expect revenue for the September quarter to up 10% sequentially. Operationally, we expect gross margin to expand to between 40.5% and 41%, and project operating expenses of approximately 50 million, yielding a 17% operating margin. Below the line, we anticipate 1 million in expense for net interest and other expenses and taxes at our 3% cash rate driving $0.19 of non-GAAP diluted earnings per share off of a base of 175 million shares. As a reminder, we had previously outlined that at $250 million in quarterly revenue we were targeting an 18% to 20% operating margin. Given continued growth in higher contribution margin products, operational plans in place including our six-inch wafer conversion in Newbury Park and leaner cost structure.  Today I am pleased to announce that our business model has the leverage to achieve a 20% operating margin at $240 million in quarterly revenue. At this near term revenue milestone, our performance translates into EPS approaching $1 per share on an annualized basis. Well, that concludes our prepared remarks and Operator, let’s open the lines up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from George Iwanyc - Oppenheimer.
George Iwanyc - Oppenheimer: Don, can you give us what the split is between the linear business and the handset business? Dave, I suspect a lot of the new application areas that you’re looking at for growth is coming in linear side. Can you give us an idea on top of energy what others applications might be coming and the timing involved?
Donald Palette: Sure, George. I will jump in quick. The split between linear and our handsets space was similar past quarter. Linear was in the 20 to 25% range and handsets in the 75 to 80% range.
Dave Aldrich: Sure, George, and I think we talked about energy management. We talked about mobile video. You probably heard a lot about that recently today. We have products, for example, that are going in high volume or ramping into high volume that would be actually facilitating an analog TV signal in certain markets that’s important. We’re also seeing lot of these new VCO synthesizers and a high level silicon products going into 3 and 4G cellular infrastructure and back haul. We’ve talked about our catalog business. We continue to expand and add new product families and low noise amplifiers, VCOs and receiver components. We talked about wireless LAN. We are pretty excited about the fact we can now talk about Intel as a volume customer. That’s just beginning, just at the very at its infancy. With our ongoing relationship with Broadcom, we’re now in, as of I think this quarter and next three of the four, largest laptop manufacturers in the world. That’s a pretty big change from where we were six months ago. So I guess those would be some of the top ones that come to mind, George.
George Iwanyc – Oppenheimer: Following up on that, when you look at those applications ramping and the operating margin targeted 20% at 240 million, is the linear and handset mix staying in the same range? Is the long-term gross margin target still around 42%?
Dave Aldrich: Well, the short-term like I have to say now, the more immediate target that Don has defined as 20% operating income, we don’t view that as a long-term model any longer. That occurs in about 240 million in revenue and our growth rate, we think we can begin to see that. I think longer term, we’re really looking at a very different model I discussed in the prepared comments as paradigm shift. I am convinced that as we began to ramp more of these catalog products and penetrate more of these vertical markets and participant in the sweet spot of the cellular business, smart phones, for example, that we’re going to start to create a financial model from a return on invested capital that’s materially above our cost of capital and operating income that looks a lot more like an analog company. So when we talk about 20 points, I have to say, we’re not talking about longer term model. We’re kind of refining that as we go forward here, but we’re getting pretty excited about what a diversified Skyworks looks like. It looks nothing like a cellular handset component company.
Donald Palette: George, just in the short-term, the 240, Dave described, we don’t assume any change in only a product handset mix. We do not assume any change in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: On the Intel win, can you guys give us a sense of what you think your share can go to there in the wireless LAN there?
Liam Griffin: Well, I saw Dave pointed out this is really a milestone win for Skyworks to break into this strategic account. Its early innings for us right now. We’re delivering a control IC that was developed by our advanced analog design team, and we really feel that with Intel’s view on wireless you see a lot more work. Now even cellular, in addition to the Wi-LAN, WiMAX, this could become a very meaningful growth element for us over the next few years. So, it’s very early today. We’re existed about the design win, but there is plenty of blue sky for us here.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: Maybe on energy management, you guys talk about that potentially becoming a significant part of revenue, how is that tracking towards your expectations and maybe what percent of overall revenue is it now?
Liam Griffin: Well, it’s tracking quite well. We continue to add new customers and I think that’s the controllable factor for us. We have moved up just Itron, we have added ESCO and Sensus and Neptune, Landis and Gyr in Europe. So the customer portfolio is looking very good.  The business is growing, it’s steady and I think a progressive rate of growth, there is a lot of stimulus behind it, there are some real macro tailwinds behind this. It is still relatively small in terms of mixed forces, less than 10% of revenues, but we think compound growth rates on this will be among the best across our analog portfolio over the next three to five years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Koffman - Raymond James.
Todd Koffman - Raymond James: I just wanted to ask, Skyworks now has emerged as the clearly defined most profitable player amongst your peers, but this industry historically has had some trouble with maintaining that consistency. Is there anything as you look structurally at the landscape that might lead you to believe that maybe the sustainability of consistency could last a little bit longer than it has in the past?
Dave Aldrich:  Well, maybe, Don and I can tiger team the question, Todd, and I appreciate your comment on our consistency or our margins. A couple of things are happening, first of all I think if you go back and look at us for now several quarters, and that since we exited the base business, which was an inherently volatile business where we didn’t have the competitive advantages to have a sustainable financial improving model. We now are focused in areas that we can use as a springboard to continue to diversify our business. So the difference today is there are far fewer players. We see fewer competitors in our targeted markets or our more mature markets if you will, and that’s because the complexity of the product is getting higher, the need for scale not only in manufacturing and R&D is becoming a higher hurdle. The hurdle rate is going higher, products are becoming multi-band, multi-mode, because simultaneous voice and data and that place too are strengthened against this single or largest component [ph] companies. We’ve seen a lot of share consolidating around the broad based suppliers and there are far fewer of them today in handsets. Our market now today, a couple of years ago, a reasonable knock against Skyworks, well you are not doing that much with Qualcomm reference design, you don’t have much at Nokia. Well today those two things are well behind us. So now we are shifting really to every major I could say every handset OEM, and every smart phone manufacturer, every major smart phone manufacturer. We also have vertical markets that we spend a lot of time dissecting and supporting customers there with innovative designs that has taken us years and we are beginning to penetrate. Those in the margins there are simply terrific compared to what you might have thought of in this industry and our Catalog business continues to expand.  The difference is, we are diversified, we have a fab-like model, we invest less in capital than our growth rate would suggest we would need for other competitors perhaps. We are not a handset component company anymore, so I think over time you won’t think of us as in that way. You will think of us as a diversified company with far less volatility.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Barclays Capital.
Merck Lutcher - Barclays Capital : This is [Merck Lutcher] calling in for Tim Luke. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick ones. Number one, more current on inventory in the channel, where do you see the inventory cracking going forward? Is it like towards the normal range or expected above?
Liam Griffin: Inventory appears to be stabilizing. There certainly were and continue to be some pockets of imbalance, but for the most part we believe throughout the June quarter a lot of that fully recovered to normal levels, now again, there are pockets of opportunity there. Again, as we look through the next quarter, we start to see customer demand and inventory making much more sense, and more consistent with [periods]…
Merck Lutcher - Barclays Capital : The next question is more of a longer-term. For handsets in LTE, how do you see the ASPs and margins devolving in when the industry transitions to LTE?
Liam Griffin: In LTE there is very few platforms right now that are in production, Ericsson has a few. We think that that is going to be an exciting element of the whole mobile Internet that Dave spoke of. It’s going to provide tremendous data rates consistent with a DSL and cable, albeit with a wireless connection. We also see that the LTE platforms are probably not going to be traditional handset-like devices. You may see them more in ultra mobile PCs or notebooks or even data cards. The margins should be very high and Skyworks by the way has a very strong portfolio across in LTE suite, power amplifiers, LNAs and control IC, so we look forward to that trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS.
Parag - UBS: This is Parag for Uche. First question, could you say who are the 10% customer, and also if you are able to sneak in LG and Nokia as a 10% customer?
Don Palette: Sure. This is Don. We had four 10% customers during the quarter. We had Samsung, Sony Ericsson, Motorola and LG and Nokia actually was in the high single digits for the quarter as well.
Parag - UBS: Secondly, you have indicated share gains. I was just wondering whether the share gains have been driven largely by share gains by your customer or you have been gaining shares at existing customers that is increasing your penetration and existing customers.
Don Palette: I will have to say in terms of OEM share shifts benefiting us, we – it’s nice to see LG as a 10% customer, Samsung continuing to gain strength. We are at the first inning of our growth in Nokia, but the flipside is that we are diversified enough within our handset business that share shifts among OEMs tend to have less of a whipsaw to our business model, and that we have been striving for that for a long time. I would say it is the growth in general is far more around penetration of the smart phone category, gaining share on the low-end category and non-handset applications then we were lucky enough to be with one OEM and not another OEM and they are winning. That’s really not our business. That was Skyworks two years ago, that’s not so much our business today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys and congrats on a great quarter. You talk about being more diversified and definitely an applaud for that, but those of us who have had a history with Skyworks seeing the prior transceiver base band, the software solution business, I think the distraction maybe or at least the diversity that it took away from your power amplifier core module business. What happened when you focused back on that core power module business, the market share gains that you have seen in Nokia and some of the major OEMs? Do you spend a lot of time in your commentary talking about the increasing diversity, which has a lot of puts and takes, has a lot of positives, but does it run a risk of getting off of maybe focus?
Liam Griffin:  That’s an intriguing question, Cody, and a good one. The shorter answer is no because all of the product markets we are talking about, every single one of them have some very common DNA. They are analog circuits. IC is perhaps module based, but they are all around a very narrow set of, we think very deep core strengths of the company. Our ability to design and manufacture multi-chip module technologies and different process technologies are process in difference when it comes to what’s the best process for the function within the analog domain and RF power amplifier switches, they are all within that footprint. Yes different voltages, different power levels. So we view them as being very, very similar from a core intellectual property standpoint. Where they differ and where we’ve been working very hard for the last five years now, is they differ in the kind of application support and some of the system architectural aspects of these products. That’s where we have waited very carefully into these vertical markets only after penetrating them with relatively low complexity components and then we’d sell up chain integrating with our customers, embed with our customers. So it’s quite a bit different. When you talk about baseband and software, that was a digital CMOS process. Going after customers in the software domain, competing with mega companies, many of them have their own FAB’s and a great deal of scale in digital signal processing. That was not a business that we over time thought we could add enough value to provide sustainable shareholder returns, so we did what we felt it was smart. We analyzed the portfolio. We exited. We doubled down in areas of strength. So I think it’s a good question, Cody, but I don’t think its apples-to-apples when you compare the distraction in cellular base station. Now when you talk about cellular baseband, when you talk about transceivers, transceiver was just a product market segment that customers weren’t willing to pay for.  So we were quite good at transceivers. The margins in that business were not commensurate with where we want the take the business. So, while there was revenue upside to it, we didn’t see margin enhancement and therefore likewise, we exited that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: A couple of questions. I know you touched on this earlier, but I want to dig in a little bit more. There has been a lot of conjecture, I guess, about Nokia and your product mix. I know year or so ago, you are hoping for a little bit higher revenue. The program that are pushed out there are specifically the Broadcom Voyager one and I know it’s in the high single digits now. What is your guidance for the end of the year? Do you think you’ll break through 10% and you’ll continue to grow? To the extent, you can’t talk about it or you are shipping to the Voyager platform at Nokia at this point. I’m just trying to get a feel. You are so small there in such a big area, and Nokia even mentioned they want to move away from more to their yen-based cost. So [Inaudible] is out and you guys will be a natural substitute for that. So I’m just trying to get for how big reasonably you think they could be this year and what the ramp would look like?
Liam Griffin: Well, as you know, Nokia is absolutely strategic to Skyworks and we have done much of the difficult work in being an approved supplier. We have a strong position in 3G and in EDGE, and we are in the two strategic EDGE-only platforms, one is a Broadcom platform and second is an Infineon platform. Nokia has absolute plans and so do we. We have to Skyworks be a significant player and a large share player. We certainly expect to get way beyond the 10% level in 2010. We also expect in 2010 to broadly expand our position and to deliver product across all segments from the low-end all the way to the highest end 3G and smart phone within Nokia.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Today, we are in less than 10% of their phones. That’s where we entered their business on the WCDMA sector. We’ve got design wins and production ramping in some cases and EDGE. We’re moving into GPRSs. As Liam described, our goal is nothing. They have three qualified PA suppliers. That means we should get at least a third of their business and I am confident that’s exactly what we’re going to get.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Just to refresh, you are in a hub system with Nokia?
Dave Aldrich:  Yes, correct.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc.
Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc.: I think, Dave, you had touched upon consolidation in the Gallium Arsenide space a little earlier. I wanted to see if you could provide your thoughts on where we are in that consolidation, particularly with some of the, I guess, non-public players? Do you think that there is still some consolidation to go or is that a theme that’s largely played out by this point?
Dave Aldrich: I think the consolidation, the big wave of consolidation has been away from more discrete base solutions. If you think about an EDGE device, we ship today for say $2.50, it’s a quad band, and has a multi-throw switch, has some fairly sophisticated control logic integrated in that credit module. It replaced even on current reference designs frankly. It was pulled by the customers not by the reference designs, because of its small footprint, its efficiency, and its ease of integration. The same thing happened in GPRS, where in the whole adoption of front-end modules versus discrete PAs [ph]. So the big share loss occurred, folks who make a discrete filter or a discrete switch or RLCs, and so on. That just the market moved away from that and it continues to do so. The next wave of share consolidation will occur if you would crack open many multi-mode phones today, they are still pretty complicated on that transmission. There are still discrete filters, there are lots of single band wideband CDMA peppered throughout those designs, so if you have a world phone you have got five bands, it is not common to have five PAs.  The next generation is going be, picture this, if you can put a multi-throw switch in your EDGE device, why not facilitate all the switching in control and handle all the logic in one chip if you will or at one solution and then began to consolidate and integrate those discrete bands in wideband CDMA.  That will be the next generation of consolidation where around system, of transmit systems that will have elements of switching, element of filtering, element of control, a lot of logic and broad based linear power amplifiers. That’s what we’re working with our customers now on that will be 2011, late-2010, 2011, 2012 and that trend won’t stop.
Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc.: You guys got a great cutover. We just wanted to touch quickly upon the six-inch transition. Maybe an update on sort of where we are there when you expect that capacity to start coming online and you know is it a flash cut, it’s a gradual transition, some sort of sense for you know how that plays out? 
Don Palette: Hi Steve. This is Don. The full cutover was fully up and operational is middle of next year. We are producing wafers on that line right now so it’s a gradual cutover. During this time, and during the whole time of the project, it has had no significant impact on margin. That will continue until the cutover occurs, but it is an important part of the strategy and it’s a level that we’re going to use to continue to move margins forward as that line comes on and it’s fully utilized.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn it back to the presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Dave Aldrich: Okay, well thank you everyone for participating in the call today and on behalf of the entire Skyworks team, we look forward to seeing you in upcoming conferences and take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Schiller - Investor Relations David J. Aldrich - President and Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Liam K. Griffin - Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers Uche Orji - UBS George Iwanyc - Oppenheimer Tim Luke - Barclays Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Neal Waggoner - Stephens Inc. Todd Koffman - Raymond James Mike Burton - ThinkEquity Nathan Johnson - Pacific Crest Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions' Second Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. This call is been recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tom Schiller, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Schiller, please go ahead.
Thomas Schiller: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks' second fiscal quarter 2009 conference call. Joining me today is Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today's call with a business overview followed by Don's financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines to your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of the certain risk and uncertainties including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time-to-time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we'll discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we've used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relation's section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I would now turn over the call to Dave, for his comments on the quarter.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Tom and welcome everyone. This afternoon, we released second fiscal quarter 2009 results and I'm pleased to report that we've made substantial progress on our strategic initiatives. Namely, gaining share in our core markets, diversifying into adjacent analog segments and improving upon our operational execution. Specifically, the Skyworks team delivered revenue of 173 million versus guidance of 168 and we've maintained gross margins essentially flat, sequentially at 40% and on a year-over-year basis, despite the dramatic economic downturn. We've reduced our operating expenses by more than $25 million on an annualized basis and we posted $0.12 of EPS, this is $0.02 better than consensus and above our guidance of between $0.10 and $0.11. We generated positive cash flow from operations and we exited with $268 million of cash. Our performance was highlighted by strength in newer applications including energy management and smart grid technologies, we'll talk more about that in a moment. China 3G base stations, e-book reading devices, smart phones and push-to-talk platforms. So on today s call, we'll be discussing how would broadening our market in product footprints while improving our operational execution to emerge in even stronger and an even more profitable company as the markets recover. So, first on the diversification front. During the quarter, we captured energy management design wins in support of Itron, Sensus, and Landis and Gear. This particular space has impressive growth potential. Utilities, business and consumers are demanding enhanced billing efficiency, usage monitoring, and increasingly power control to prevent costly burnouts and potentially catastrophic blackouts. In fact, Gardener, a leading third-party research firm, expects more than 150 million smart readers to be installed worldwide in the next five years. Now this is creating an incremental semiconductor opportunity of roughly $2 billion by the year 2012. I think it's also worth noting that the recent American Recovery and Reinvestment Act has allocated $4 billion for advanced metering projects and given our engagements with key energy management system providers, we are seeking to win a significant share of this opportunity. During the quarter, we also ramped our suite of infrastructure solutions at Wireway (ph) and have recently secured several design wins to ZTE (ph), both in support of strengthening 3G demand within China. Specifically we are delivering mixers, amplifiers and receivers, and are moving from $3 of addressable content per LAN cards (ph) to upwards of about $20 with some of our more highly integrated solutions. Meanwhile, we continue to broaden our analog product catalog business. This business supports a wider range of applications including medical, avionics, automotive, broadband, industrial applications. During this quarter, we released a number of new products including low-noise amplifiers, silicon VCO synthesizers and variable voltage attenuators. I'm particularly excited about our newest family of LNAs or low-noise amplifiers based on our recent design traction within high performance infrastructure, GPS and satellite radio applications. On the smartphone front, this is another key diversification sector for Skyworks. We are gaining momentum across several key OEMs, particularly as they seek to integrate more bands, more modes; Bands 1, Bands 2, 3, 2, 5 and 8, as well as WiFi functionality for efficient global network roaming and seamless hand offs. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to provide all of this required functionality with improved power efficiency with smaller footprint and with lower product cost structure. As a result, we're also strengthening our design partnerships with the key base bands suppliers, including Qualcomm, Broadcom, Mediatech, Texas Instruments and Finnan, Marvell and SP Ericsson. Speaking of Qualcomm, we recently expanded our partnership leveraging our integrated front end modules into growing number of their 2G, 3G and HSDPA reference designs. I think it's also worth mentioning, the recent re-emergence of push-to-talk applications of RIM and Motorola driven by Sprint's Nextel network. Given the complex power and network handshake issues related to the IBM (ph) protocol, we've developed over the years, highly customized modules for this application. Skyworks maintains a majority position in this segment and to the degree the push-to-talk continues its rebirth as an effective field's communication tool, we tend to be the main beneficiary. And finally, as a very timely example we are providing solutions for an entirely new and increasingly popular e-book reading platform, developed by one of the world's largest online retailers. This represents another analog intensive and power critical application for us. So what's coming across all of these as well as other program ramps is that we are leveraging our core, analog, mixed signal and systems integration expertise, into emerging applications that are defined by much longer product life cycles, higher margin profiles, that are commencement with the value of our technical innovation. In other words, our customers are willing to pay us for our efforts in these segments. So in addition to expanding our market presence, we're continuing to drive operational improvements and believe that the success of our fab-lite manufacturing strategy, by the way which we commenced several years ago, is beginning to exhibit meaningful financial results for us. To be clear our fab-lite strategy refers to our hybrid manufacturing model where we have partnered with external foundry supplies in Taiwan and China to create second sources of our capability, utilizing our quality systems and our toolsets. This approach allows us to better balance external capacity with the demands of the market. Internally, our utilization remains high and we therefore are able to maintain margins and return on invested capital on a much broader range of revenues. We believe, we demonstrated this capability last quarter as we're able to maintain 40% gross margin on lower revenue -- on a lower revenue basis, and as we guided, we expect improving gross margins in the June quarter. At the same time, we are continuously driving improved yields, higher equipment utilization and lower cycle times. Together, our fab-lite model and disciplined cost reduction initiatives have resulted in a lower overall cost structure, driving higher margins as well as strong cash flow generation. So in closing, we're creating a uniquely diversified company, with the scale derived from high volume applications applied to a broad range of margin rich, analog products and markets. And accordingly the stage is set for accelerating top and bottom growth as the markets eventually stabilize and as they recover. Okay. I'll now turn this over to Don for his review. Don?
Donald W. Palette: Thanks Dave, and thanks again everyone for joining us today. Revenue for the quarter was 173 million versus guidance of 168 million and 201.7 million a year ago. Gross profit was 69.2 million or 40% of revenue. Our ability to maintain gross margin level in the 40% range despite the decrease in revenue, is being driven by the flexibility of our fab-lite model, enabling us to maintain high levels of utilization, improved equipment efficiencies at all of our factories, progress on yield improvement initiatives, double-digit year-over-year material cost reductions, and continued migration to a richer product mix. Operating expenses were 47.9 million, of which R&D was 27.4 million and SG&A was 20.5 million, yielding 21.2 million of operating income. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was 800,000 of expense, while taxes were 400,000. As a result net income was 20 million or $0.12 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet; we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of 268 million. Of note, we generated 22 million in cash flow from operations, recorded 12 million of depreciation and invested six million in capital expenditures. At a higher level, we continue to focus on strengthening our balance sheet, translating improving business performance into a higher cash balance. To that end, over the past year we've increased our cash balance from 228 million at the end of Q2 fiscal 2008, to 268 million at the end of Q2 fiscal 2009, while simultaneously reducing our convertible debt from 200 million last year to 97 million today. That's an increase in our net cash position of 143 million. As we have discussed over the past several quarters, balance sheet strength is increasingly a key competitive advantage in winning business, particularly, in this challenging economic environment. Customers and suppliers alike are seeking partners who not only proving innovative solutions, but are also financially are well positioned to support their long term, road maps. This is yet another area where we believe Skyworks is distinguishing itself. Now to our business outlook for the third fiscal quarter of 2009. Although we remain cautious on the macro-economy, we intend to resume top and bottom-line growth in the current quarter through share gains and broader participation in new markets. Specifically, we are guiding June quarterly revenue to be up 5% sequentially to 182 million. Operationally, we expect gross margin to expand to between 40 and 40.5% and project operating expenses of approximately 49 million. Below the line, we anticipate 800,000 in expense for net interest and other expense, and taxes at a 3% cash rate, driving $0.14 of non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, a 15% sequential improvement in profitability off a base of 168 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Very good. (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Suji De Silva with Kaufman Brothers.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: Hi Dave, hi Don. That's a good quarter (ph) guys.
David Aldrich: Suji, thank you.
Donald Palette: Thank you.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: Quick question. I guess, were you on 10% customers and are you still progressing toward having more of them at the end of this year?
Donald Palette: Hi Suji. This is Don. The 10% customers for the quarter were Samsung, Sony Ericsson and Motorola and just its worth noting that LG and Nokia were right behind in the single digits for the quarter.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: Great. And you talked about diversifying smartphones, can you tell me where you are split wise, 3GH versus 2G and whether smart phones is a material part of that?
Donald Palette: Yeah, for the quarter for 2G and 3G we're at 50% and for WEDGE 3G we're at 50%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Hello.
Operator: Uche you line is open. Now pick up your handset. Again, Uche Orji UBS are you there? Pause just a moment, you may have to pick up your handset, we're not hearing you, check your mute button.
Uche Orji - UBS: Yes please. Can you hear me?
Operator: Yes we can.
Uche Orji - UBS: All right. Can I just ask you starting off with, how much more of gains in terms of market share momentum you see specifically if I look at the Nokia decision to put Infineon on the Edge platform is kind of opportunity for you. So any more color on to how much opportunity to gain share that would be helpful?
David Aldrich: Liam and I'll both answer that. We are today just beginning a ramp at Nokia that's been perhaps a little over a year from now. We are heavily weighted on -- a year ago. We are heavily weighted in 3G and of course you've seen some of their volumes has shifted to the middle or low tier. However, I'm really happy to say that our relationship has deepened and now we're been lined out across their products spectrum and we expect to see sequential growth continuing in Nokia although they're not a 10% customer. The fact is, we're probably in less than 10% of Nokia's phone today, and we fully expect to be at least a third of that over the course of the next couple of years.
Liam Griffin: Right. I think the platform you mentioned Uchi, can you mention that again please?
Uche Orji - UBS: I mean Nokia announced that Infineon was going to be on the EDGE platforms. So I'm not sure whether we're going to have this specific product in the year that they're going to be shipping, but there was an announcement that Nokia made and I was wondering whether you were well with Infineon?
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes we are on board and that platform is shipping starting this quarter.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay. Just one more question. If I look at your margins, they've held steady even through the difficult revenue environment. If I look forward, how should I expect that the drivers of the margin to trend? I know you'll say it's going to be up next quarter, but my sense is between ASPs utilization rates, which you mentioned as high already, what could keep gross margins going if I look down the line say for the rest of the year?
Unidentified Company Speaker: I think Dave and I both jump in on that question but one of the things is that, our utilization rates are high, but there is still going to be some volume upside that you'll see given our fixed cost base. So that's one of the things that are going to drive that. We'll have the 6-inch line coming on in early 2010. That's another step function for us to drive margin improvement. We continue to drive one of the things that we do a very good job of is driving year-over-year material cost reductions, which in a lot of cases more than offset any of the pricing adjustments. That's going to continue. And then as you see the shift to 3G and the multimode components that we're providing, there's higher dollar content and with that we believe comes higher margin. So those are some of the big drivers that you expect -- we expect to see in the business.
David Aldrich: We're also seeing with this expanding footprint in our catalog business and some of newer applications we were talking about. They're materially higher margins than what you think are traditionally at Skyworks. So a combination of the utilization and operational aspects is not described and improving mix is going to continue to give us we believe a headroom and growth in the gross margin and an operating income, because our OpEx will remain relatively flat as we grow the top-line.
Operator: Our next question is from George Iwanyc with Oppenheimer.
George Iwanyc - Oppenheimer: Thank you for taking my question. Dave, when you look at the smart meter opportunity, can you give us an idea of how much revenue you're getting from that right now and how you expect that to grow either with the stimulus spending and just the normal plans the utilities companies have?
Liam Griffin: Sure, this is Liam. So with respect to the smart metering opportunity, we think that this is got tremendous potential for Skyworks. Today, it's a relatively small source of revenue for us. It is growing. It was up sequentially in the March quarter. It will be up again in June. And what we're seeing here is the market that if you look at the Gardner estimates we mentioned, we are seeing at least 150 million meters being upgraded to wireless technology from '09 to 2012 and each meter could have three to five to $6 of content available for Skyworks. So, we are seeing this come together quite nicely. A number of utilities have rolled our platforms Southern Cal Edison (ph), Pacific Gas and Electric, San Diego Gas and Electric, and the carriers the customers that we're working with of course are on metering side; Itron, Sensus. So, its early innings for us. We really like the dynamics. There is definite convergence to wireless technology and I believe this is going to be a strong driver for us over the next several years.
David Aldrich: If you look at the products. We've been developing products now for this market. We identified this some ago. It's a nice adjacent segment for us. We've been able -- we are very fortunate to be able to get in with the right set of customers. I think from a design relationship, OEM relationship standpoint, I think we're way ahead in this market.
George Iwanyc - Oppenheimer: Are the margin is in this business inline with the rest of the margin in the Linear business and when you look at, those 150 million meters that are coming on, what type share do you think you could have with the customers you're working with. What kind of share do they have right now?
David Aldrich: The margin are terrific in this space. As you would expect from a utility base market, margins are terrific for us. We expect to have a very high share. The products that we are addressing today are serving, think about it as an underutilized market where a lot of these current solutions or the older solutions in place today are very discreet. They consume a lot of power. They require more diagnostics and we've developed solutions that are elegantly simple we think for these providers to deploy.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Luke with Barclays.
Tim Luke - Barclays: Thanks so much. Just to clarify with respect to the calling on smart meters, is this a business that could be a sort of double digit percentage of the mix and say and exiting 2010 or in 2011 or how should we think about that?
David Aldrich: I think that's pretty intuitive and in that timeframe that's a good way to think about it. It's going to take a little while. It's not insignificant today and is growing very healthy sequentially in this quarter. In a down market, it's a little bit if you will recession-proof in many ways. There's a lot of green initiatives under way. Incidentally the stimulus package has monies earmarked for our customers here or at least in territories in which in areas which we'll be deploying product. And so, I think you're thinking about this right. We do believe it can be a double-digit percentage of our revenue. We also believe its going to take a period of time to get there.
Donald Palette: Yeah, let me just add that, right now, much of the data that we've discussed is largely U.S. based, North American based. Europe is also engaged. If you look out five to seven years from now, I think this is going to be a very big deal in markets like China, where there is quite a bit of work being done right now on the conservation side, on the clean energy side. So as Dave pointed out, there are number of initiatives in place to make this happen. By the way the payback for the utility is almost immediate here just in cost savings and power control. So a lot of macro things behind us.
Tim Luke - Barclays: As you look forward to the landscape, could you give some color on how you feel about broad inventory levels with your customers and for you and how you think seasonality may trend now with you having a stronger second quarter. Do you feel now that you're likely to see a firmer September period as well or how should we think about it? And then separately if I may, in recent commentary from some players selling into the China 3G market, they're suggesting its being strong in the first quarter, its going to be strong in the second quarter, but did expect something of a pause as the deployments are absorbed in the second half of the year. How do you think about that for you guys?
David Aldrich: Okay. Let me start with the inventory question. We did see for the most part the inventory levels begin to stabilize, but there are independent pockets which would be above or below the equilibrium line here in the March quarter. But generally, the trends on inventory looked better. There was a burn in most markets. So we do see that stabilizing. And that again sets us up we believe for a better second half for the marketing channel, so we believe that. With respect to China, we commented on the opening remarks here that we are seeing a rollout of 3G technologies. We are seeing carriers like China Mobile begin to spend in a meaningful way. For us Wireway and ZTE are the drivers. We have a very good position Wireway and ZTE share for Skyworks is being growing every quarter. So, we're going to benefit from that. I'm not seeing any reason for that business to come down in the second half Tim. So we feel pretty good about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks guys and congrats. Back to an earlier question on diversification of Nokia's base end players, you said you are in the Infineon platforms. The other new base end players for Nokia Broadcom, Qualcomm and potentially others, how do you feel your position is with those and is that a driver, is that the primary driver is that just an ancillary driver of your growth in NOK?
David Aldrich: I think there are, the driver of the growth in Nokia is their desire to diversify their supplier base with companies who started out being, really filling gap on the edge of CDMA and increasingly have the supply chains and the scale drive volumes across their portfolio. So, we have spent several years now being qualified and getting to a position where they have the confidence in us and we have the roadmap for them that is going to allow us to be lined out not only on the mid to high end but on the low mid and high mid. And as such this is a very disciplined company, they are very disciplined company as they have entertained new base partners. They've essentially in a sense limited the engagement of those baseband suppliers to our qualified PA suppliers. So there aren't many PA suppliers in Nokia. There aren't any, all that many baseband suppliers and you can kind of have see how that, how the alignment would be. So, we've been and unfortunately in parallel to the Nokia's drive to diversify and to bring us up to speed so on over the last couple of years. We've been working very hard across markets and applications with the very same baseband providers, the very same baseband providers. So our relationship with them is very strong. Our designs are consistent with their roadmaps. So, it is going to be a driver both coming at it from Nokia's desire and coming at it from our baseband relationships.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Great and then actually I have just couple of quick ones here, breakdown any color on breakdown of end markets are in segments of revenue, I know you shied away from giving those but you used to give a bit more color and it would definitely help for modeling?
Donald Palette: Cody, this is Don. The only breakdown that we've typically given is the spilt between the LP business and handset. And the number that came in this quarter was same as what we've previously seen and LP was in the 20 to 25% range and our handset business 75 to 80% of our revenue and the numbers can move a few points within that, but that's the range we've seen constantly for some period of time that hasn't changed.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: All right then just finally OpEx trends; revenues starting to turn, can you take your foot off of that, the OpEx brake there a bit or do you -- are there initiatives in place that will continue to drive those OpEx lower throughout the year?
Donald Palette: Well we just guided for Q3, 49 million, of Q4, 49, 49.5 million is a reasonable number we've assumed. But no we are very focused on maintaining the cost base, we have in place right now. And we have a business model as revenue ramps, we are not going to see a lot of incremental expenses and that's where we're going to get the power of this leverage as we go forward, so I wouldn't expect that to move a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Ferranti with Stephens Inc.
Neal Waggoner - Stephens Inc.: Hey guys, this is Neal for Steve. You guys have talked about targeting long-term gross margin within a 42% range and operating margins in 20% range. I guess, one is that still a case. And then two, given your lower cost structure today, what kind of revenue run rate are you now assuming in those longer term rates?
Donald Palette: Hi Neal, this is Don. Yeah, we -- for the past year we've talked a lot about our operating model and in those presentations and given the cost structure we had in place at the time we were targeting that 250 million report in revenue to be at approximately 18% operating margin. And now with the cost reductions that we implemented this quarter through the initiative that we disclosed, we are now looking at and we see a clear path to be 18 to 20% operating margin, at about 230 million, quarterly revenue.
Neal Waggoner - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Thanks guys.
Donald Palette: Thanks
Operator: Our next question is from Todd Koffman with Raymond James.
Todd Koffman - Raymond James: Thank you. With regard to the June quarter comments on gross margin being bumping up a little bit off, I think it's a 40 to 40.5, what is your current mix between internal manufacturing and external outsourced manufacturing? Thank you.
Donald Palette: Right now for assembly and test services, it's all internal. We are not outsourcing any of that. We have a copy exact of cash wafer provider in Taiwan that does continue to run, that we keep moving, and we are looking at about 10% -- 10 to 15% of our wafer volume is coming from that fab in Taiwan, the rest of its all internal generated.
Todd Koffman - Raymond James: Thank you.
Operator: Ours next question is in from Mike Burton with ThinkEquity.
Mike Burton - ThinkEquity: Hey guys and congrats on the quarter. First, can you just talk a little bit about the pricing environment right now? There has been some discussion from some of the OEMs about extracting some price concessions out of the component suppliers?
David Aldrich: Well, we've seen -- there is always pricing pressure in the most commoditized segment of the handset business. We're seeing kind of think of it bifurcated this way on the WEDGE and smartphone its really a play where we're adding more content and as each subsequent generation has come in, we're tending to have more complicated switching and amplification over more bands and modes. And so while there is always a desire on our part to work with our OEMs to lower the bill-of-material costs, it hasn't translated in to lower dollar content per phone. In fact it's been going the other way. On the other hand on the very low end, we've been developing new products and processes that are allowing us to support the most sensitive area, which is the emerging markets, which I think is the right kind of delicate mix between the right performance and the right cost structure. So we were picking up some share on the ultra low end. Last year we saw our ASPs decline in the 7% range and that's part-to-part. We didn't see that decline in the dollar per phone, so we saw in overall. And I think year-to-date that's been roughly the same.
Liam Griffin: Right, right, that's right.
Mike Burton - ThinkEquity: Is the margin structure roughly the same between then, between the smartphone and the low end segment or is there...
David Aldrich: There is certainly more and more margin dollars on the high end because if you think about it, in our business, we're driving those similar processes and that fixed cost structure across a certain set of markets and customers. So as the dollar content goes up, the contribution margin -- the variable contribution margin is high across the board. So, I would say that we clearly get more dollars of contribution from the high end margin or similar.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Johnson with Pacific Crest.
Nathan Johnson - Pacific Crest: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I was wondering if you could elaborate in looking at the sequential growth you expect in revenue for next quarter. How much of that is expected to be from market share gains? How much is expected to be from actual improvement in end-market demand and then how much of that is more due to inventory re-balancing at key customers?
David Aldrich: Well let me try to answer in a different -- there is a lot in that question. I would say that if you look at the way we're guiding and we're thinking about our business today, while we are cautiously optimistic about the end-markets in the second half, we still need to work through some inventory. We are seeing improved visibility. That's very important first step at recovery and we are seeing new programs ramping that we're excited about. So, I think that if you look at our guidance, we are attempting to be very, very conservative because the market is still going through a choppy patch here. So, we guided to be 5% up and we did that to be appropriately conservative given the uncertainty that still exists in the market despite our cautious optimism.
Nathan Johnson - Pacific Crest: Okay, great that's helpful. I was also hoping on if could elaborate on -- you talked a little bit about base stations deployments or equipment for deployment in China. I was wondering that if you could elaborate on what you are seeing on the handset front. Are you guys seeing inventory build ahead of the 3G launches and Labor Day holidays or is there kind of a more of a wait and see attitude for handsets going into China?
David Aldrich: Yeah, I think the market in China appears to be showing some signs of improvement here. We are seeing some TD-SCDMA deployments on the handset or we're even seeing some CDMA deployments, but we're also seeing some pick up driven by China Mobile not only on GSM, but also for the first time some meaningful volumes in EDGE. So in general, that market looks good. It is an important part of our business as you know, and we're quite pleased with our position there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thank you very much. I want to go back to Nokia for a minute if we could. Last year Dave, I think your expectations was that Nokia would probably about a 10% customer on a run rate level by the December quarter. That didn't happen. It appears that the Broadcom EDGE project Dave, now is being delayed several quarter. And then I know you're a primary FEM supplier to that line. Where is Nokia in your planning today? Do you expect them to hit 10% anytime this year on a run rate level? And should we model like a slower growth rate but consistent gains there because you got a lot of upsides still and it sounds like you're being deployed on more and more products. I'm just trying to get a feel for some of the main platforms that you are on, that would give you such optimism last year, just the way if there's other problems going on? And then secondly, where are those gains? You are doing very well on revenue and you are growing better than most of your peers. Where are you making these gains as the Koreans rim, the Chinese via Qualcomm, just trying to get a feel for where you are filling up the way you have all group left to go?
David Aldrich: As the situation with Nokia is that we entered that account -- our initial design wins were all in the WEDGE platform. And as you know that the markets for 3G were hit pretty hard here. And so the fact that we were participating in the mid-to-high Tier not the mid-to-low Tier meant that this particular customer's volume was weighted towards a segment in which we didn't participate. We are fixing that and I think you sounds like you've been doing some due diligence there, but we are fixing that. They want us to participate and we're going to participate. So you should absolutely think of them as being, becoming a 10% customer and our expectation and our aspirations are obviously much higher than that. In terms of where we're seeing strength as we talked about in our prepared comments; we are seeing strength in this smartphone segment. We are seeing strength among some of these newer applications, which that are beginning to ramp. We're seeing strength in China infrastructure. We're seeing relative strength coming from our Korean customers in that they have taken share and we've taken share with them. And we have some pretty strong partnerships in China that are allowing us to address a very, very broad footprint of indigenous OEMs within China. We're very close to Mediatech for example. And we've been working very, very hard for last couple of years and are beginning to see the fruits of that with our Qualcomm reference designs. In the past, we participated with the Qualcomm baseband but it's been designed in after the reference design was released. We've rectified that situation and we are on increasing more of those platforms. That's where it's coming from.
Operator: Our next question will then come from Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Hi, guys a couple of quick questions. Don, can you hear me?
Donald Palette: Yes.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Okay, on the cost of good sold line, it looks like you had an inventory write off. Was that all related to the transceiver business?
Donald Palette: Correct, that was part of the restructuring.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: So a 100% of that was transceiver or was there any other write downs also in there?
Donald Palette: None at all.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then in terms of tax rate, what should we think about going forward now?
Donald Palette: It's consistent with what we communicated last several calls. We guided 3% this quarter and I think it's three to 4% in the fourth quarter, that's going to be in the ballpark. And then 2010 and 11 we have enough of our NOLs to carry forward that we are projecting and some R&D tax credits as well. We are projecting our cash tax rate to be approximately 15% in 2010 and 11. That's the way you build your models.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then last question from me; in terms of bookings this quarter, I mean I guess fully booked to the guidance now at this point?
David Aldrich: Yeah, if you look at the orders we have in hand today coupled with our hub forecast, we are right around 90% at this stage.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Okay. Great thanks a lot guys.
Donald Palette: Thank you.
David Aldrich: Thank you.
Liam Griffin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alex (ph) with JMP Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, thanks very much. I wonder if I could ask a question about the passive wireless subscription model and the e-book model, wondering what kind of engagements you are seeing right now? How much interest? Is there anyway you can quantify may be the opportunity beyond what's already in the market like your expectations might be we say in 2010? Thank you.
Liam Griffin: We think this is a entirely new category. It's difficult to see what the long-term growth prospects are going to be but we believe what we even think so far is been great and its been ahead of our expectations. So, one of the things to remember is that this technology is relatively new. It typically engages 3G networks, which means a lot of content for Skyworks and for the smartphone. And there appears to be a whole different subscriber base that's interested in this type of technology. So it's a very early. Early forecast, the forecast that we have seen so far been exceeded by our customers and we think this could be a nice addition to our existing wireless system (ph) on forth.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. and then it is a follow up, I'm wondering what kind of activity are you seeing on 3G and 3G transition to LTE 4G and also may be a breakdown in your expectations between what the market might be doing in terms of multi-mode and back switch compatibility?
David Aldrich: Sure. Well obviously 3G is right now a very important part of the business and we've got great technology for that and it's going to be growing in 2009 for the industry and for Skyworks. And with respect to LTE, we think that's going to be a nice addition to overall market growth, and one of the things we are seeing we've been speaking with customers this week specifically on that. We are seeing a nice addition with respect to data cards where 3G devices or LTE devices will be deployed within data cards, which actually will add to the subscriber base. So when we talk about a normal handset market, 1.1, 1.2 billion we see a complementary data card market today that could compete with DSL and cable, and very high speed broadband networks typically deployed with LTE capability.
Operator: We'll next go to Tim Luke with Barclays.
Tim Luke - Barclays: Thank you so much, just my follow up was on just how you think about the potentials to levers for a target gross margin as you move into, over the next 12 to 18 months, how do you think about that do you think moving to a 41 to 42% level could be achievable going forward? Thank you.
David Aldrich: The answer is yes. We're quite sure it's achievable. And the way we get to Don talked about the fact that given the restructured company, the point at which we get to 20% or 18 to 20% operating income now is lowering from the 2.50 to the 2.25 or 2.30, and the way we get there is a combination of continuing to see high dollar content per phone in 3G and smartphone, continuing to add new market applications like energy, like e-book applications, like 3G infrastructure, 4G data card products. And the third is, we don't talk about it much but we've added some new ammunition if you will, to our catalogue products business. We now have a team of folks. Our applications teams over the last few years have got better and smarter in identifying opportunities where we can intersect the capability of the company with an undisturbed market with L&A with PCO synthesizers and so on mixers. As we build that business that's very much an annuity. I mean I love that business. It's annuity business. Product lifecycles measured in 5, 10, 15 years. You get designed in. No simple, single socket is large enough to entice a lot of competitors. There's not a lot of -- there's not much at all price sensitivity, so you get into the high margin and you stay in. And it's simply a business that builds and snowballs slowly, but quite predictably over time and that business now it is getting bigger and we're getting better at it frankly.
Tim Luke - Barclays: Thank you so much.
Operator: And with this that concludes the Q&A session. I would to turn that call to Dave Aldrich for any additional or closing comments.
David Aldrich: Well thank you everyone for participating and we very much look forward to updating you next quarter.
Operator: And with that, this concludes today's conference call. Again we do thank every one for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Schiller – Investor Relations Dave Aldrich – Chief Executive Officer and President Don Palette – Chief Financial Officer and VP Liam Griffin – Sr. VP of Sales and Marketing 
Analysts: Cody Acree – Stifel Nicolaus George Iwanyc – Oppenheimer Stephen Ferranti – Stevens Inc. Todd Koffman – Raymond James Michael Alexander – Charter Equity Research Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley Uche Orji – UBS Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research Jay Goldberg – Deutsche Bank Aalok Shah – Davidson and Company Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest 
Operator: Welcome to Skyworks Solutions first quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Schiller, Investor Relations for Skyworks. 
Tom Schiller: Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Skyworks first fiscal quarter 2009 conference call. Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer, and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP.  With that said, I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter. 
Dave Aldrich: Welcome everyone! Despite ongoing market weakness, Skyworks delivered solid financial performance in our first fiscal quarter of ’09. Most notably, our revenue of $210 million was in line with one year ago, $0.17 of earnings per share was $0.02 better than consensus. We generated $75 million of cash flow from operations. As a result, we ended the quarter with $250 million in cash, and on today’s call, we will discuss what we believe is differentiating Skyworks in this challenging market and the steps we’ve taken to improve our competitive position towards emerging an even more stronger and an even more profitable company when the markets recover.  First and foremost, throughout all of Skyworks, we are intensely focused on executing to our strategic initiatives which we’ve outlined in several previously calls, namely market diversification, share gains, and operational execution. In particular, we believe our financial performance is beginning to demonstrate the success of our fab-lite manufacturing strategy and diversification initiatives that we commenced several years ago, and by fab-lite what I mean to imply is that our hybrid manufacturing model where we partnered with existing foundry suppliers, and we’ve created a copy exact replica of our capabilities including our quality systems and our tool sets, and as a result, we are now much better able to balance external capacity with the demands of the marketplace.  Internally, our utilization remains high, and we are therefore able to maintain margins and maintain return on invested capital over a much broader range of revenues. Now, this model is quite unique in the handset market though it’s much more common in the precision analog markets. At the same time, we are driving continuous improvements in our yields, in our equipment utilization, and in our cycle times. Together, our fab-lite model and our operational focus have resulted in higher gross and operating margins and generated strong cash flow.  On the diversification front, we are gaining share in a variety of exciting growth applications, and one example is during the quarter we ramped energy management semiconductors in support of Itron, Sensus, and Landis and Gear which translated into a more than 30% sequential growth in this sector. This is proving to be the start of what we believe to be a macro transition to smart grid wireless technology with Skyworks at the forefront of the market’s development.  Additionally, we are ramping our recently introduced suite of silicone based voltage control oscillators or VCOs and frequency synthesizers. These devices play a critical role in the signal generation and timing performance of our customers’ architectures. These products we believe showcase the breadth of our analog silicone design initiatives where we are aiming at a number of high margin products in underserved end-markets.    Across these and other program ramps, we are leveraging core analog and mix signal technologies into emerging applications. These applications are defined by much longer product lifecycles, higher margin profiles, and these margin profiles are commensurate with the value of our technical innovation. In other words, our customers are quite willing to pay for performance in these markets. Now that said, we are in no way immune from this unprecedented economic downturn. Consumer confidence levels are approaching all-time lows, and it’s really unclear just when we’ll see a market recovery. Nonetheless, we’re not waiting for perfect information, and we’ve taken steps to align our cost structure with the economic realities. At Skyworks, we’re really quite fortunate that we’re not opportunity constrained, and therefore we’re able to approach our cost reductions in a much more strategic way.  Specifically, we’ve undertaken a very rigorous portfolio management approach, the result of which is that we have ceased our development of low margin 3.5G and 4G cellular transceivers, and we’ve increased our R&D investment in higher growth, higher margin adjacent analog markets. Actions which beginning this quarter will net-net improve our operating income by more than $20 million annually and I think much more importantly will yield higher future returns. Leveraging our analog and our mixed signal integration competencies, we’ve enhanced focus within our linear products business by creating two dedicated development and marketing teams at a much lower R&D burn rate. These activities are directed at custom vertical markets or adjacent markets and standard analog component applications, complementing our leadership front-end solutions franchise. Before turning this over to Don, let me close by saying that we are creating we believe a uniquely diversified company with the scale derived from volume wireless applications applied to a range of analog product markets and applications.
Don Palette: Revenue for the first fiscal quarter was $210.2 million versus $210.5 million in the year ago period and representing a 9.6% sequential decrease. Gross profit was $84.8 million or 40.3% of revenue, a 50 basis point expansion year over year. Our ability to maintain gross margins in the 40% range is being driven by the flexibility of our fab-lite model, improved equipment efficiencies at all of our factories, progress on yield improvement initiatives, double digit year-over-year material cost reductions, and the continued migration to a richer product mix.  Operating expenses were $56.2 million, of which R &D expenses totaled $33 million and SG&A costs were $23.2 million. As a result, our operating income for the quarter was $28.6 million, equal to our operating income in the first fiscal quarter of 2008 and representing a 13.6% operating margin.  Our net interest and other income for the quarter was $263,000.00, while taxes were $1.2 million. As a result, net income was $27.6 million, or $0.17 of earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $250 million. During the quarter, we generated $75 million in cash flow from operations. We recorded $11 million in depreciation, invested $13 million in capital expenditures, and retired $41 million in convertible debt for $0.93 on the dollar. Our strong cash flow position and continued volatility in the financial markets, presented us with the opportunity to retire an additional $41 million of our 2012 convertible debt. With the retirement of over half of our convertible debt, we have effectively reduced potential future dilution by 11 million shares.  Perhaps more importantly, over the past year, we have increased our cash balance from $207 million at the end of Q1 fiscal 2008 to $250 million most recently, while simultaneously reducing our convertible debt from $200 million last year to $97 million today. Balance sheet strength is increasingly a key determining factor in winning business, particularly during this challenging economic time. Customers and suppliers alike want to partner with companies who not only provide innovative solutions but with those who are financially well positioned to support their long-term roadmaps. This is yet another area where we believe we are distinguishing ourselves.    Now, to our business outlook for the second fiscal quarter of 2009. First some market color. We believe traditional market seasonality of 15% is being magnified by the ongoing inventory correction, creating a 20 to 30% sequential sell in market decline as OEMs and distributors reduce their inventory levels. Against this backdrop, we are forecasting our revenue to decline 20% sequentially.  Operationally, our fab-lite hybrid manufacturing strategy is enabling us to maintain gross margin in the 39-40% range. Additionally, with the completion of our expense reduction initiatives, we are planning for operating expenses of $49 to $50 million of which $28 million is R&D. Below the line, we anticipate $300,000 in net interest and other expense, and taxes at a 4% cash tax rate. In turn, we expect to deliver non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.10 to $0.11 off of a base of 166 million shares.  At a higher level, our December quarter margin performance and cost reduction initiatives underscore the resiliency of our operating model in the phase of this market downturn. Most importantly, as the market recovers, our path to sustainable 20% plus operating margins is now that much faster. That concludes our prepared comments.  Operator, let’s open the lines now for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions.) Our first question will come from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus. 
Cody Acree – Stifel Nicolaus: Could you talk a little bit about a couple of things – one, channel inventory help, obviously sell-in versus sell-out is going to be a little bit different this quarter, so there’s still some burn, but channel or OEM inventory health, and then also what you’re seeing from order linearity, cancellations, push-outs. We’ve seen some commentary during the quarter that maybe things have firmed up just a bit, maybe not yet improving but firmed and not continuing to decline.
Dave Aldrich: As we mentioned in our comments, we are seeing entering March what we consider to be a relatively normal seasonality if not a little worse, maybe 15%, but of course we’ve been tracking very closely the inventory position, and we are seeing an inventory contraction or an inventory burn that’s going on, so we think that the sell-in at the component or at the semiconductor level is perhaps 20 to 30% or so. That’s what we’re seeing. It’s really no different than comments you’ve heard elsewhere, but we’re actually watching that inventory burn. It began in December, and we’re seeing it continue a bit into the March quarter. 
Don Palette: With respect to your comments on order dynamics, certainly the end market is down and we’ve factored that into our guidance, but having said that order patterns right now have actually been quite steady and consistent with our outlook. We’re seeing demand come through multiple channels, not just handsets, but also infrastructure, and backlog generation thus far has been quite steady.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from George Iwanyc with Oppenheimer.
George Iwanyc – Oppenheimer: Just following up on the order outlook, what percentage of your business is linear right now, and how do the orders trend there? Are you seeing that become a bigger part of your overall business in the near term?
Dave Aldrich: What was really quite remarkable the November-December downturn was how broad based it was. We track it by customer, we track it by market segment, or at least those market segments in which we participate, and we saw it was just universal. There was this general trend or desire to exit the calendar year with as little inventory as possible. It was clear that March was going to be seasonal and every bit as seasonal as prior years. There was no incentive to get out in front of any inventory or capacity position, so I must say that it was no different really in general between our linear products business and our handset business or between customers or between regions.
George Iwanyc – Oppenheimer: Does that mean linear stayed around that 23% contribution area?
Dave Aldrich: Yes.
George Iwanyc – Oppenheimer: How do you see order patterns progressing right now? Do you believe that at least from a Skyworks perspective that by the end of the quarter you will be back on track relative to channel inventory?
Don Palette: The inventory across the market space certainly varies sector to sector, but order patterns right now are consistent with our guidance. We have taken a very conservative view of some of leading OEMs. We’ve also studied inventory in the channel that we can manage through our distribution partners, so to the extent that we would be impacted, we feel that we’ve put the diligence in place for that. Now, certainly there are some market dynamics out there. Some customers have handsets in inventory, etc., but we believe we’ve done a healthy job in managing that and understanding that as we got it.
Dave Aldrich: As you’ll notice from the balance sheet, even though the demand signaled real falloff mid quarter or so or relatively late in the quarter, we were able to throttle back our suppliers from a capacity standpoint. We think we have quite a short cycle time, so we were able to react to that, so our own component inventory in the sell-in to Skyworks is in pretty good shape.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Steve Ferranti with Stevens.
Stephen Ferranti – Stevens Inc.: Do you believe that in the March quarter you will be running your production rates below the underlying demand level, or are we at a point where you are actually just sort of running in line with demand?
Dave Aldrich: We’re running below, and let me make sure I understand the question. I’m quite sure that we’re not at equilibrium in that the sell-through or the sell-out of the channel to consumers is higher than the sell-in at the component level because there is inventory of phones and there is inventory of components that are being burned, so that’s what we see right now, and December was the same thing. If you look at the sequential, September to December, handset sales, they were down, but they were down modest single digits. If you look at the aggregate reduction, we were down around 9 and change, but the market was down anywhere between 20 to 30%. That’s the aggregate of all the suppliers who’ve reported publicly. That difference is purely inventory burn. 
Stephen Ferranti – Stevens Inc.: So it sounds like we’ll still have a bit of a burn here in the March quarter going on.
Dave Aldrich: That’s what’s reflected in our guidance, and that’s correct.
Stephen Ferranti – Stevens Inc.: Can you give us some sense of what percentage of your business you are running in house versus outsourcing at this point?
Don Palette: Steve, it depends on the activity. On assembly and test, it’s virtually zero being outsourced, and on our wafers, it’s approximately 20 to 25%.
Dave Aldrich: One of the things we were able to do in the seasonal down quarter is we throttled way back externally, and we maintained reasonable utilization at our factories, so that number isn’t normally quite that low or quite that high, internal versus external, but that’s what we were able to accomplish in the seasonally low quarter, and as you can see hopefully from the way we guided in the gross margin and operating income models, that’s what we’re seeing a big benefit from.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Koffman with Raymond James.
Todd Koffman – Raymond James: When you look at your December quarter performance relative to some of your larger competitors, your downturn in the December quarter was very modest relative to the pretty sharp declines some of your competitors saw. The share gains that you saw, were they in both sides of your business in the cellular and the linear, or was there one side where you seemed to have done a better job relative to the competition?
Dave Aldrich: As we mentioned in an answer to an earlier question about how was the balance, it was pretty broad based. If you look at our base business, if you will, we saw exactly what many of the competitors had seen, which is a pretty dramatic year-over-year and sequential decline, but we offset that by some program ramps with smart phones. We had some analog component introductions where the takeup in the market has been pretty strong, and what we call adjacent markets where we are doing custom solutions and identified adjacent markets, we had a couple of those, like energy management for example that did well, and that offset a pretty tough base business.
Todd Koffman – Raymond James: You’re getting out of the transceiver development business. You called out a pretty sizable savings. How much revenue today are you doing in transceivers?
Don Palette: Last year, we were roughly around $30 million, and in the first quarter, it’s 1% of revenues. It’s a very insignificant amount of our revenue.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji – UBS: First let me follow up on the comments on transceiver. Can you just explain to what its strategic objective really is in terms of why you are continuing with its development? Is this something that will eventually in the future contribute to a sizable revenue? I know you are moving from 3.5G to 4G, but can you just help me understand what the strategy is?
Dave Aldrich: Let me try to make it clear. We were partnered with a very large baseband supplier targeting a couple of OEMs. That baseband supplier recently lost that business, and as a result the uptake that we might have seen in LTE and in some 3.5G, we think it’s going to be less probable, and what we have been analyzing and the decision that we made entering this quarter was that there are non-cellular handset analog opportunities, VCO synthesizers is one, up covert and down covert functions, energy management, cellular infrastructure, other applications that use the very same silicon RF integration techniques, but those customers frankly pay a whole lot more. They value the technology, and they pay for the performance of the cellular handset. Customers typically don’t today because it’s becoming a solution bundled with a baseband or a modem offering more and more. So it’s more of a pure bulk volume CMOS play, so we have ceased development of 3.5G and 4G products, stopped, and we have applied a subset of those resources, in fact some extremely talented engineers and applications and systems people towards clearly identified vertical market opportunities that we knew if we apply those people that we had the customers lined up, and that we know that we could hit the ground running, and I think you’re going to find long term that while we are in RF, we are in RF and non-handset markets, and the returns will be much higher. 
Uche Orji – UBS:  In terms of understanding the gross margin dynamics, first of all can you talk to me about what happened so far with pricing and looking out into the future even as your shipments are below the sell-through? Do you anticipate that there will be any impact to pricing and what is a level that we can bottom at?
Dave Aldrich: Maybe Liam and I will answer that question together. It is the case today that unlike 2, 3, or 4 years ago that the vast majority of the designs that we produce are custom designs, designed for a customer with a specific baseband, implementation or baseband architecture, and a as a result, we are much more often than not sole source in a platform, not sole source within a customer but sole source platform, in a given platform, and that’s much more often the case today than not, and in those cases, it’s much more about are you able to deliver the customer’s required system level performance, and are you able to sweep in the functionality that allows them to justify paying you a reasonable price for the component, if you will, with a solution, while at the same time achieving their bill of material objectives. That’s a big way of saying, maybe a long way of saying. It’s a win-win scenario we look to create by doing things like transmit front-end modules for multi-band, multi-mode handsets providing a price that’s much lower than doing it with a more discrete implementation. They get a lower BOM cost, a more reliable product, and we get higher ASP, and of course in the blended Skyworks sense as we are doing more multi-market linear product analog markets, our blended ASP is benefiting from that.
Operator:  Next question comes from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum Capital. 
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital:  Could you give us the number of 10% customers if there were any changes from last quarter? 
Don Palette:  The two 10% customers we had during the quarter were Samsung and Sony Ericsson. 
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital:  What percentage of your business was 3G versus 2G?
Don Palette: Very similar, 55% 2G and 45% multimode and WEDGE. 
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital:  Can you give us a sense of your CapEx plans for 2009?
Don Palette: For the first half of this year, when you look at our actual and our first quarter forecast, we are planning our CapEx investment to approximate our depreciation level of about $11 million a quarter. For the second half of the year, while we don’t give guidance, we’re expecting that number to be below depreciation level in the second half based on what’s going on in the economy. 
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital:  You mentioned $20 million in annual cost cuts. Are those complete or what can we expect perhaps in the June quarter in operating expnse side? 
Don Palette:  They were announced and completed in January. 
Anthony Stoss – Craig-Hallum Capital:  Also you mentioned that your cycle times are better. Can you quantify that a little bit more and how much further can you go? Just wondering what other further gains we could see there. 
Don Palette:  Cycle time for our front-end products for example where there is not a lot of silicone or CMOS content, the cycle time for those is measured in weeks, perhaps 9 weeks or so. We can make them shorter than that if we need to with lead lot or hot lot capabilities, but I would say the end to end is around 9 weeks, and if there is silicone content and we don’t have a standing inventory level, it could be 16 weeks or so, but in this phase, really quite short. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:  I was just wondering in terms of the shape of gross margin, what you think some of the different puts and takes may be there and whether we should expect it to be broadly flattish from the current level or how you would expect that to trend? I was also wondering given the restructuring that you are doing, what the headcount was at the end of the quarter, and how we should think about that going forward? 
Dave Aldrich:  Well, longer term, the business that we’ve chosen not to participate in which was cellular transceivers in 3.5 and in LTE, those were just about the lowest gross margin products in the company. There was a lot of revenue there, but that $30 million last year, that was about the lowest gross margin products in the company. We are replacing it, we hope over time, with these targeted adjacent market linear solutions like VCO synthesizers. They are about the highest gross margin products in the company, so that diversification play for is having a blended gross margin benefit. Also as we increase revenue, of course, we get benefit in utilization from that, so we’ve flexed the supply chain, improved our mix, and that’s how we are maintaining we think pretty strong gross margin in the seasonally low quarter during an inventory burn, but as revenue increases, you should expect gross margin accretion and a lot of leverage at the operating expense line.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:  On the headcount, could you also comment on that? 
Dave Aldrich:  The head count reduction was about 150.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:  So what does that take you to? 
Dave Aldrich:  It takes us to about 3150, of which about 1600 of those are engaged in assembly and test in Mexico.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:  With respect to your inventory on hand, how should we think about that trending going forward?
Don Palette: We were down about $5 million from the September quarter to the December quarter. We would expect based on where we are at right now and the inventory build plans in place and the market demand that that number is going to be relatively flat at the end of March. That’s our expectation. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan – Morgan Stanley: Just a question on your plans regarding your conversion from the 4-inch to 6-inch wafers, how do you view that and how should we think about that in terms of your CapEx outlay? I know you talked about CapEx being lower than it is in the first half of year, so does that mean those plans are slowing down, or how should we think about that?
Don Palette: Given what's been going on, we have definitely slowed down that investment. It's still an investment. It's a core part of our long-term margin growth strategy. Right now our expectation is with the slight slow down in investment that we're going to go live with the 6-inch early next year in 2010, but during that interim period, we expect no margin erosion as a result of the push out, so those are our plans right now.   
Operator:   The next question comes from Nathan Johnson with Pacific Crest.   
Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest:   You've talked in the past about the number of competing suppliers being significantly smaller when you going after the WCDMA platforms because of the technology difficulties with often only one other supplier at the table. I was wondering if you guys expect that to change at all going forward or the other competitor beyond just that one beginning to catch up. How much of a lead do you guys think that you have over the rest of the field? Secondly, I was just wondering if you give us an update on your tax expectations for fiscal 2010 given the current market conditions and earnings expectations. Does that ramp in taxes push out at all?  
Dave Aldrich:   Let me make a general comment that hopefully answers that question, and then Don can help on the latter part. In general if you were to look at 2007, 2006, the transition began to happen in earnest more in 2008, you are looking at north of a billion units a year, most being dominated by 2G, very little high band count if you will multimode, and as a result, you would have seen power amplifier companies a few year ago, maybe as many as 12, 14 on the pure PA. In 2007-2008, that began to transition to more of a transmit module, and the difference is that they are high complicated switch counts or throw count switches. There’s more filtering, there’s more digital logic control to control all the frequency transmit received in band modes, essentially playing traffic cop, and because of all that complexity, a real hard time going through FTA and shielding all of that RF content, so when we compete with some of the newer reference designs with Qualcomm and others or when we go after our top-tier customers, these modules are pretty complicated, but the technology and process and the complexity of the packaging is high, so today we see typically in a customer application perhaps one other viable competitor. It’s not always the same competitor, but one other viable competitor, and I would say that rather than having a dozen companies going after a buck and a half of phone over a billion units, you now have 2 or 3 much more broad-based companies with scale who I think are going to have the lion’s share of what’s becoming a $3 billion or so market as the average content in smart phones, CDMA, and EDGE is quite a bit higher than 2G. 
Don Palette: On the tax question followup, if you recall, in the last call, we were trying to put some color and highlights around where we expected our cash tax rate with our NOL position to be in 2010, and we may get some slight benefit from what’s going on in the economy and some of the slowdown in the top line, but I think the safe takeaway here is to assume in 2010 we are going to be about 15% to 18% in the cash tax rate, and that’s not dramatically different than what we have told you in the past.
Operator:  The next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research:  It sounds like you’ve gotten really good control of your utilization and your capacity, but your days of sales still went up this last quarter which is actually pretty typical for this space, the only company that has gone down seems to be Nokia, even in an absolute sense when inventories have gone down because the sales have slowed down. You said you are under producing so that you got the room to burn off more inventory, but you are looking for flat on an absolute basis. Should we expect to see days of sales decline before you maybe inch that capacity up and will that take a couple of quarters? I’m trying to figure out when does this chain tighten up so that you’ll start seeing the whiplash on the upside of the rain because if Nokia or some of your larger customers start to tighten up and quits selling out of inventory, your orders are naturally going to go up even if handset demand doesn’t increase, so I’m trying to get a feel for where you are on that kind of curve. 
Liam Griffin: Well, clearly this quarter, the signals were pretty late, and so I thought we reacted pretty well to maintain the turns that we did. I think the inventory was slightly down, and we had a slight impact on the turns because of exactly what Dave described. Those signals came in past October, and so it did have some impact. To your point, we are expecting the overall gross inventory to be relatively flat going into March. That’s going to impact the turns slightly, but we are well positioned as we balance our production in the second half of year that we are going to drive those turns back up to prior levels. That’s our target. 
Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research:  It affected your competitors and your customers much worse than it affected you, so it looks like you guys responded very well, and you are holding production load in order to keep the turns up. When do you think you’ll get to the point where your turns will either be back in line or maybe even a little bit lower than historic, so you start seeing utilizations go back up, and if that happens, will we see corresponding improvement in margins or are you running your internal factories pretty heavy now and just lighted up on your outsourcing?
Dave Aldrich: We will see a corresponding improvement in our margins because we will improve the overall utilization of our assembly and test assets, and as I said, we are balancing external and internal, but nonetheless running at a lower overall level of utilization, and we are working very hard to maintain the kind of margins and returns with the range of revenue possibilities that are out there if you try to model this business during a time of uncertainty. So margins as utilization goes up and revenue goes up will indeed go up because there’s a lot of operating expense leverage. I think it’s really tough to predict today when the snap back will occur, which I think was the second part of your question. Certainly, my hope that with all the inventory that was burned in December or the lack of equilibrium between sell-in and sell-through and again in March, that by the time we get into the second half, the first thing you’ll see is equilibrium. You will see the benefit of no longer an inventory burn exacerbating the actual sell-through and it is my hope that you start to see a return to normal seasonal pattern where each subsequent quarter throughout the year gets a bit higher than the last, but it’s too early to tell in this environment.  
Operator:  The next question comes from Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank.
Jay Goldberg – Deutsche Bank:  You mentioned something in your prepared remarks about your balance sheet becoming a competitive tool. Could you just expand on that a little bit? I wanted to hear how that’s actually playing out in the marketplace, and also a just a housekeeping question, if you could just repeat your guidance for interest expense.
Liam Griffin:  With respect to the balance sheet and competitive dynamics, one of the things that we are seeing is that vendor selection criteria is really increasing right now, and there is much more scrutiny placed on suppliers. When we start to look at a smaller cam, our customers realize that maybe two suppliers or one really good one is what we are looking for for some of these platforms, so what we are seeing is in addition to the technology that we use to differentiate, as Dave pointed out, our customers increasingly want to see our factories, they want to look at our fabs, and they want to look at balance sheets. They want to have vendors and partners that are going to be able to stand up and endure this market correction and also be there when the market returns and be able to deliver on the upside, so that has been an increasingly important part of our strategy right now with our customers, and our results have done the talking for us so to speak here. I can tell you that we’ve actually in one business increased our share as a result of our financial strength and operational utility and performance. 
Jay Goldberg – Deutsche Bank:  It doesn’t seem like your competitors have much of a balance sheet to stand on.
Dave Aldrich:  Here is another way to answer that question. We have been, there’s a silver lining, and it’s not a very big one, but there is a silver lining in this downturn and that is that, as Don in the prepared comments, we’re a profitable company, we are generating cash, had $75 million last quarter, I think $50 or something the quarter before, and we were able to apply that cash to buying convertible debt back at a discount, so what we are seeing is that not only the customers like it because they are engaged in platform that perhaps won’t be launched in two or three years, so they want to make sure you’re going to be around and that you’ll continue to invest. It’s a tactical pragmatic question that they ask of their suppliers, but the other thing that’s happening is if you look at our behavior throughout this downturn, because our margins are reasonably high because we can flex the fab-lite and because we continue to generate cash flow, we are able to be very selective about where we cut, so we think the actions we took in January were really quite strategic. There wasn’t anything panicky about. It wasn’t defensive. We were able to apply some of our most talented resources to areas where we were quite confident we were going to make money, and we were able to portfolio manage in a very methodical way out of areas that we are not going to add a lot of value. It wasn’t let’s cut across the board because we need to generate cash to satisfy debt or anything like that. We think that’s a big differentiator.
Don Palette: Jay, just one last thing and I’ll put that in perspective. Dave mentioned it, but we generated $174 million in cash from operation in ‘08, $75 million in the first quarter, that’s $250 million cash flow from operations in the last five quarters, so it really has strengthened the company, and to your interest expense question, it is about $300K. That is what you should assume in the model.
Operator:  The next question comes from Aalok Shah with Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shah – Davidson & Company: Dave, on new product front, how should we be thinking about that this year? We’ve been talking about one major new customer this year ramping. How should we start to frame around that?
David Aldrich: You know what’s interesting is that in spite of the softness nobody is taking their pedal off the metal in terms of our customers on product introduction. In fact, in some cases it accelerated as they try to differentiate and get back into saddle with new products, so the challenge here is that you’re navigating through this period of uncertainty while at the same time it seems like the rate of introduction is accelerating. So you should see more of these vertical market or these adjacent market products rolling out. We’ve got platforms aimed at new smart phone introductions that are being introduced in the first half of this year, and again these broad catalog linear products where we continue to try to create the snowball effect of more highly characterized broad-based components that we sell through distribution and then through a rep network that is part of the catalog business.
Aalok Shah – Davidson & Company:   Do you think you’re going to see a lot more of an edge mix in the first half or second half of the year given the uncertainty in the market right now, or are you going to start see some more traction on the WCDMA side of things?
Liam Griffin: Certainly WCDMA was lackluster in 2008, but that is one area of the market that everybody expects to grow in 2009, so we are going to see some growth in WCDMA, and that’s going to drive $3 to $4 of content, typically with an EDGE FEM that may be a couple of dollars with multiple WCDMA bands, so that’s going to happen. We’re also seeing something that is very promising for us. We have a pretty deep position in China on handsets, and that’s largely been GPRS FEMs. We’re starting to now see our baseband partner deliver EDGE-based solutions. Skyworks in on board, and we’re seeing quite healthy demand for that, so we may be surprised with some EDGE growth in China as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Alexander with Charter Equity Research.
Michael Alexander – Charter Equity Research: In your fab-lite strategy, are there any formal obligations you have with your partners and our suppliers?
Dave Aldrich: We do keep these relationships very close. We also have more of a we-get, you-get kind of a strategy, so when the markets are strong, our supply partners benefit. When the markets are soft, they obviously don’t, and we don’t have what you might call condo capacity agreements, take or pay agreements. In fact, I don’t think we have any of those at this point. It’s not a contractual obligation. It is more the nature of the partnership which is that we want to share the business in a way that it’s good business for both our suppliers and ourselves, and so we maintain our high level of utilization and we keep some business going through our supply chain.
Michael Alexander – Charter Equity Research: The composition of the debt that’s left?
Don Palette: We have $97 million of converts, $47 million of that is a 2012 tranche at 1.5% interest and $50 million is due March 2010, and that’s at 1.25%.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Aldrich for any additional or closing comments.
Dave Aldrich: Thank you so much for listening. This concludes our call today. On behalf of the entire Skyworks team, we look forward to updating you in the future.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Skyworks fourth quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Tom Schiller, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Schiller, please go ahead.
Thomas Schiller: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks fourth fiscal quarter of 2008 conference call.  Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette our Chief Financial Officer, and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our Pro Forma non-GAAP income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past.  Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter and fiscal year of 2008.
David Aldrich: Thank you, Tom and welcome everybody.  I am pleased to report today that Skyworks delivered 22% revenue growth and a 59% operating income improvement in our fourth fiscal quarter, with several new programs and with linear product ramps enabling us to more than offset the slowing economy.  I believe our performance and growth outlook in the current environment demonstrates significant progress on our primary strategic objective.  Namely we’re continuing to diversify Skyworks, we’re gaining market share, we’re capitalizing on content growth, and we’re executing operationally. Specifically during the quarter, we achieved record-levels across our key financial metrics.  We exceeded our top line guidance of $225 million with revenue of $233 million.  We expanded our gross margins to 40.8%, that’s up 140 basis points year over-year, and incidentally our sixth consecutive quarter of improvement.  We achieved a 15.5% operating margin and we post a $0.21 of earning per share that’s $0.01 cent better than our guidance and up $0.14 in a year ago period.  We generated $52 million of cash flow from operations and we retired $62 million of convertible debt.  Our fourth quarter performance closed out a solid 2008, a year in which we exceeded our guidance in each and every quarter. Now special note, we delivered revenue of $860 million that’s up 16% versus 2007 and up 22% in the second half versus the comparable period reflecting the momentum in new market and with our new customers.  We’ve improved our operating income by more than 50% year over year.  We produced $0.71 of earnings per share, now that’s up $0.48 from $0.48 in fiscal of 2007 and $0.21 in fiscal 2006.  And finally, we generated $174 million of cash flow from operations. With regard our to our diversifications strategy, we continue to gain momentum with linear products portfolio.  This products leverage our catalog business, our intellectual property and worldwide distribution network by expanding into a broader set of end-markets.  With nearly 1,000 global customers and over 2500 analog SKUs we are bolstering our product pipeline and expanding our addressable markets with each and every new customer engagement. Few examples during the quarter, we won a multiyear multimillion dollar defense contract with Lockheed Martin to supply microwave components for radar applications, airborne aircraft carriers, and fighter jets.  We’ve also ramped Pentose Cell Base Station solutions and Samsungs and others in support of Verizon, Sprint and Nextel deployments.  We’ve increased shipments of our remote meter readings solutions at Itron senses and senses in others.  We’ve launched a portfolio of voltage control oscillators or VCOs, frequency synthesizers and mixers targeting home area networks and industrial automation applications. Finally, we extended our Cisco relationship with a suite of new wireless access point solutions. Now at the same time we’re continuing to diversify within our handset business with increasing support of all five top Tier 1 handset OEMs as well two of the leading smart phone suppliers. We’re also aligned with each and every base band supplier, and this has been a terrific source of diversification for us. Another source to diversification has been our growth in the high growth smart phone segment. Here, we’ve been consistently doubling shipments over the past few years and we closed fiscal 2008 at roughly 40 million units. As our smart phone unit growth trajectory at two times the market growth rate highlights, we’re clearly gaining market share. More broadly, our 22% year-over-year revenue performance coupled with continued growth in the December quarter underscores that we’re beginning to demonstrably outperform our traditional markets, while also penetrating new applications. And in fact the weakening industry backdrop is accelerating vendors’ share consolidation as both our linear and cellular handset customers are increasingly awarding programs based on highly integrated, low cost architectures, innovative roadmaps, operational scale and balance sheet strength. Let me expand a bit on this point. Many of our customers today are increasingly focused on designing highly complex multi-mode platforms. Now these product offerings present multi-band switching, filtering, digital control and amplifications challenges to our customers. These are system level requirements which intersect with what we at Skyworks do quite well, and have proven to be elusive to our traditional competitor base. Speaking further on these multi-mode trends, we’re also capitalizing on the three times increase, the 3x increase in handset FEM or front-end module content. The migration to higher end 3G and smart phone devices is happening albeit slower than market expectations, given the current economy. Nevertheless this macro trend is being fueled by carriers who see the value in data, in data services, in multi-media and web browsing. Now positive user experience is simply impossible without high-performance devices which seamlessly manage voice and data hand offs and roaming in multiple modes and bands. This trend expands our addressable market by literally billions of dollars from roughly $2 per phone in 2G to $6 when in 3G multi-mode, as we’re uniquely able to sweep in switching, logic, filtering and wireless local area network functionality. So in short, market share gains along with this higher dollar content multi-mode content trend are having a compounding effect on the top line of our business. This trend is enabling us to continue to grow even under the most pessimistic handset forecast scenarios. And finally, we’re executing operationally. As increasingly reflected in our results, at Skyworks, we’re an extremely metrics driven company with an intense focus on continuous improvement in our yields, in our equipment utilization, in our cycle time and return on invested capital. This focus is beginning to show through with six consecutive quarters of gross margin expansion and improving cash flow. Importantly we now see a path to a 20% operating margin model beyond the $1 billion annualized revenue run rate. Okay, in summary, while we fully recognize the slowing global economy, Skyworks’ financial position and growth outlook continues to improve, driven simply by diversification, by content growth and by operational execution. And while we certainly feel the impact of the market downturn, we’re fortunate that we have several product investment areas that are just now beginning to ramp, allowing us to demonstrate sequential improvements. And just to be very clear, we are not wasting any time celebrating our 2008 results instead we enter fiscal 2009 intensely focused on making continuous progress towards realizing our vision of becoming the world leader in analog mobile connectivity semiconductor solutions, and in the process creating shareholder value. Okay, I’ll now turn this over to Don for his review.
Donald Palette: Thanks Dave. Good evening everyone and thanks for joining us tonight. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter was 232.6 million, up 22% year-over-year and up 8% sequentially. Gross profit for the quarter was 94.9 million or 40.8% of revenue driven by higher equipment efficiencies in all of our factories, progress on yield improvement initiatives and double-digit year-over-year material cost reductions. Operating expenses were 58.9 million of which R&D expenses totaled 36.3 million and SG&A cost were 22.6 million. As a result, our operating income for the quarter was 36 million, up 59 % year-over-year and representing a 15.5% operating margin. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was 700,000 while taxes were 100,000. Net income was 35.3 million, translating into $0.21 of earnings per share, $0.01 ahead of guidance. Turning to the balance sheet, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of 231 million. During the quarter, we recorded 11 million of depreciation generated $52 million in cash flow from operations, invested $13 million in capital expenditures and retired $62 million in convertible debt. The recent volatility in the financial markets presented us the opportunity to retire one-half of our debt at a significant discount from previous trading levels. Specifically, $50 million was for debt coming due in 2010 while $12 million was used to retired 2012 notes. Further, post the quarter we have retired an additional $38 million of the 2012 notes which will be reflected in our December quarter balance sheet. With the retirement of one-half of our convertible debt, we have effectively eliminated approximately 10.5 million shares that could have been convertible above $9.52 per share price while maintaining our positive net cash position. Given our strong growth outlook, these transactions serve the dough (ph 00:18:08) benefit of de-levering our balance sheet and allowing us to maintain our positive net cash profile while effectively eliminating a significant portion of the diluted impact of the convertible debt. Now to our business outlook for the first fiscal quarter of 2009.  As Dave outlined, customer and market diversification along with strong execution are enabling us to continue to grow our top and bottom lines even in the face of the broader industry downturn.  Specifically, we are forecasting December quarter revenue to be $240 million based on our strong backlog position. Operationally, we planned to further expand gross margin to the 41% to 41.5% range with operating expenses of $59 million driving an operating margin approaching 17%. Below the line, we suggest modeling approximately $600,000 in net interest and other expense and taxes at a 3.5% to 4% cash tax rate. In turn, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share at $0.23 of a base of $166.5 million shares. We believe our guidance in corporate’s current market uncertainty and at the same time reflects our ability to outperform our addressable markets. It is worth noting that during the fourth quarter based on the strength of our 2008 financial performance and our earnings outlook, we reversed approximately 34 million of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance in our GAAP income statement. There was no benefit to our non-GAAP results and this accounting reversal has no impact on our 3.5% to 4% projected cash tax rate to fiscal 2009. Looking beyond the current fiscal year, we have tax initiatives underway that when implemented and combined with the use of remaining R&D tax credits will equate to an estimated 2010 cash tax rate of approximately 15% to 18%. We’re providing this key cash tax rate range a year advance to several investors who have expressed concern over the possibility of a 30% plus cash tax rate beginning in 2010. Instead, we are projecting roughly half that rate post-2009. In closing, our financial performance has never been stronger. We believe we’re well positioned to navigate through the current market weakness and as a result, we are very positive on both the short term and strategic outlook for Skyworks. That concludes our prepared remarks then operator please open the lines up for questions.
Operator: (Operator’s instruction) Our first question is from Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree: Hey guys congratulations and thanks for taking my call here. Can you talk a little bit about new customers versus the end market?  Obviously you are giving guidance to perform advance guidance, is a bit divergent from what we are hearing from most of the rest of your peers and if you can give some quantification of how the (inaudible 00:21:16)?
David Aldrich: Cody, thank you. This is Dave. Obviously, we are seeing a broad based slowdown in the market and it’s particularly true in 3G and in some of our broad linear market statements. Fortunately at the same time, we are shipping some recently introduced products and we are ramping some new customer programs and just to be a little bit more general, our customers Cody, have increasingly been much more selective. For example, we’re ramping in production with customers who experienced some supply chain disruptions a year ago, so we are in fact, seemed to share gains for being awarded, I think that business. Now we enter 2009 because we stepped up, we are able to deliver. Also our customers are really in this multi-mode environments struggling with somebody’s new highly-complex designs, so increasingly we’re getting higher dollar content platforms, many of them ramping now and into 2009. That instead of being a PA, we would have some pretty complex logic amplification switching and filtering. So the combination of those things are allowing us to offset what is clearly some broad-based softness.
Cody Acree: Let me take it one step further, these market share gains, I would expect to extend on and through the first half, do you have enough visibility from some new customers that are coming in that help to offset some of typical seasonality through Q1/Q2?
David Aldrich: Well, are you starting (ph 00:22:55) at March quarter, Cody?
Cody Acree: Yes. No, sorry, seasonal Q1/ Q2?
David Aldrich: Right. Well, yes, we are. As we’ve mentioned, we are ramping this new programs, we have introduced some new products in our linear products catalog. Those are being received pretty well.  It’s awfully (ph 00:23:10) early to talk about March. In fact, we do expect there to be a fairly significant decline in March, perhaps worse than we’ve seen in prior years. But nonetheless, we do have programs moving in the production, as you asked and we’re entering a growth phase with some new markets.  And we’ve talked in the past about energy management, we’re now ramping some energy management products, wireless meter readers and the like. We also have some military microwave programs that are just better going into production, so it’s the combination of those kinds of new market and applications that allow us we believe to outperform the March seasonality which will certainly be there.
Operator: Our next question is from Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan: Hey guys, thanks so much for taking my call and congratulations on the great quarter. Looking at your guidance for next quarter, I mean giving the macro issues and you guys are obviously very different from a lot of other companies that have reported. I was wondering if you can give us a sense of the amount of conservatives that we’ve taken into a guidance, i.e. relative to past quarters when you’ve guided, is your backlog coverage higher than previous, the same or how should we kind of view that?
David Aldrich: Well, we have absolutely tempered what would have been our growth expectation under normal circumstances. So, one of the advantages we have is we are shipping to all the top Handset OEMs, we’re partnered with all the top baseband OEMs and we’re shipping into the top Smartphone manufacturers. So, as a result, when we do in a deep sea (ph 00:24:40) reductions from certain customers, we’re not as vulnerable to a single-point issue with a customer or a couple of customers. That being said, clearly the market is sought. But we do have some programs with pretty high ASPs that are ramping. We have terrific visibility into those, as we always do when a new program ramp and we are getting very good performance out of our sort of a broad-based catalogue business. So the visibility is good but clearly there are areas of softness and we've tempered out our overall guidance to be conservative.
Sanjay Devgan: And then just another question if I may. Can you give us a sense of your revenue mix by interface if possible?
[Unidentified Executive]: Sure, for the 4th quarter Sanjay, we were 50% 2G, 50% 3G, and our multimode business, just as a note, doubled year over year as well. That’s consistent with the previous quarter. We were 50/50 as well.
Operator: Our next question is from George Awani (ph 00:25:41) with Oppenheimer.
[George Awani: Congratulations on the rent results guys.  When you look at the growth prospects for the handset business and the linear business. Are they still both kind of wrapping at the same rate or is linear going to maybe see a little bit stronger growth near-term?
[Unidentified Executive]: Well we typically see, in a December quarter, we would see more seasonal growth, more seasonality in our handset business. Then when you move into a March quarter, you’d see a stronger relative linear product segment because we see less seasonality, seasonal downturn in a down quarter, which is March. Having said that, we are seeing sequential growth in both our handset and our linear product segment. We saw that in September and we’re seeing that in December.
[George Awani: Is linear still about 25% of the overall business?
[Unidentified Executive]: Linear was, both linear and handset were up sequentially in year over year in the quarter and linear products remained at approximately 23% of revenue, which is consistent with last quarter.
[George Awani: Okay. And just following up on your comments on the front end traction. How’s the traction compare relative to 3G handsets and the 2G handsets?
[Unidentified Executive]: Yeah, well regarding mix, I think what we meant to say there is 3G for us is (inaudible 00:26:59). It’s WCDMA. So that business, that has slowed somewhat through the year. I think that’s been well communicated across the market. We do expect, as you move into 2009, despite whatever handset unit outlet may be there, we see an increase in 3G adoption and that is going to be a big driver for Skyworks as Dave noted in the opening remarks. There’s a high degree of complexity in those models and those phones and Skyworks is well positioned to capitalize. So we see that becoming an increasing part of the mix for us going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from (inaudible 00:27:32).
[Unidentified Analyst]: Hi. This is (inaudible 00:27:36). Just a question on your linear segment. Can you highlight what you are seeing in terms of various end markets and also if you could provide some color on what you’re hearing from your Chinese infrastructure place?
[Unidentified Executive]: Sure. Yeah with respect to linear, we cover a diverse set of markets. We certainly do a great deal of business in the core infrastructure market with companies like Eriksson, Nokia, Siemans, Wa Wei (ph 00:28:00) and BT. We are seeing particular strength with Wa Wei (ph 00:28:05) and BT as they ramp GS Sound (ph 00:28:07) and start moving in higher end systems. We also see WCDMA infrastructure starting to pick up going into 2009. So we see that segment as one of the elements for linear. We’re also moving into some markets that really are not traditional wireless markets. So segments like energy management, we supply customized solutions that bring wireless technology from the meter to the utility and we’ve even moved inside of the hallway from Zigby products to do home automation and those markets are very new for Skyworks. They have tremendous growth profiles and they’re just not subject to the seasonality that we’re seeing in some of the consumer segments.
[Unidentified Analyst]: Okay and coming to your handset business, you earlier (inaudible 00:28:47) some shared gains. Are the shared gains coming just from the smaller players or you’re getting shares from the larger players as well?
[Unidentified Executive]: No. It’s actually, we really are gaining share right now across the board. Each and every one of the top 5 OEMs, we’re shipping WCD (inaudible 00:29:01) as in many cases, GSM to each one of those accounts. We’ve gained tremendous share in this  smart phone space and I think from my seat here, I think one of the drivers to our story has been share gains and we’ve been able to accomplish that. In this market, we’ll accomplish it in 2009.
[Unidentified Executive]: Please keep in mind, just to augment that and say what’s really happening is at the level of complexity required to deliver these new solutions and that’s also true incidentally on the low end where it’s more front end logical, less single function amplifiers and clearly on the mid to high end with multibands and challenges with shielding, filtering as well as typically amplification. What our customers are looking for is to engage early with a solution so the competitive base, if you’ve been in this market a while, 3 years ago we were competing with 12 to 13 companies, a couple of years ago it was 6 or 7. Today when we go into an engagement, it’s very early in the phone design and we’re competing with another company. When we win it, it’s typically sole source for that platform. At most, there’s two. So it’s just a very different dynamic. It’s complicated product that is driving consolidation among the competitors as we’ve been predicting out here for a couple of years.
Operator: And we’re next go to Mike. Well Mike, he just took himself out. No, there you are, Mike Burden, Think Equity.
Mike Burden: Hey thanks guys. Great job. Just wondering if you could perhaps take us through, I know the visibility’s real tough right now but your expectations for the linear group as we get, I know you said for next quarter, should be up but into next year, I think before you kind of expected each quarter to go sequentially up a little bit, can you talk a little bit about that, how you see that market progressing in 2009? Thanks.
[Unidentified Executive]: Well maybe Liam and I will take this together. The play for us in linear products, remember we generated this organic growth engine for the company about 3 years ago. We’ve doubled down on R&D over that period of time. Now we’ve got a nice steady state, team of developers and applications, and marketing people leveraging the distribution of rep sales channel that we have. It’s quite specialized and each quarter, we’re putting many new products into a catalogue. The name of the game here is you characterize from across as many operating  frequencies, voltages. You’re trying to get as many hits on a given platform as is possible and to keep them as general purpose as is possible, So part of it has to do with the nascent nature of our business. We are growing sequentially as we’re adding new markets that are being facilitated by a whole host of new products. Having said that, it’s not immune from a market slowdown but we do have the benefit of each and every quarter, we are ramping new stuff in addition to exploiting the older installed base. So we’re very different than what you may think of about as a typical analogue company that has a very high penetration of a niche. We’re entering new markets with relatively, today, low penetration and growing into those market segments.
Mike Burden: Okay and then over on the wireless side, could you give us a sense of how big the Chinese white box market is for you guys and what you see developing within China?
Liam Griffin: Yeah, well I mean we’re not going to specifically comment on the white box market. That’s difficult to ascertain but certainly China is a very big part of the story in wireless for Skyworks and for everyone in our industry and it is also a market that has quite a bit of volatility. We understand that but a couple things and we consider China to be a very strategic part of our story. We’ve gained a lot of market share. We commented earlier on supply chain disruption. There were customers in that market that were hit with shortages. We stepped up. We gained a lot of market share and we’re going to keep that. We’ve also done a great job on the infrastructure side. So it does become a big part of our story but I will say that when we move into this quarter and even looking into 2009, we have taken a very cautious view on China. We discounted our outlook to reflect that yet we remained long-term positive on the space.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Ferranti with Stevens Incorporated.
Steve Ferranti: Yes, thanks. Great job guys.  Can you give us any sort of sense for some of the newer OEMs that you’re gaining share with? What inning would you say we’re in, in that ramp and we’re over how long into fiscal ‘09, might that ramp continue?
[Unidentified Executive]: Sure. Steve well on the handset side, we know who the players are. So in many cases, it’s deeper penetration into accounts that we may have had a small share in right? We’ve got a very large tier 1 that we’re, I would say, we’re maybe in the 3rd inning of the game with that account and we have a long way to go. Some of our Korean customers have been very strong for us in this later year, we’ve gained a lot of share but I will say that there’s quite a bit of upsides specifically in WCDMA and we’ve done very well in the smart phone space and I think that’s a space we really have to watch in this market. We alluded to the benefit that carriers are seeing with data services and an increase in (inaudible 00:34:02). What that’s doing in the smart phone space is driving complexity and requirements higher and providing us an opportunity to add more value. So we see a lot of strength in those areas on mobile and then on the LP side, switching gears, we mentioned some of the names in energy management companies like Itron and Census (ph 00:34:18) company in Europe called Landis and Gear (ph 00:34:20). Some real interesting diversified markets in new customers on LP. So collectively, all that brings a great deal of diversity to the business.
[Unidentified Executive]: And let me just add that the largest OEM, they’re not a 10% customer today. We intend to participate across all of our customers with mid, low, and high-tier product. So I give you a sense for the growth even in just one account.
Steve Ferranti: Okay. That’s very helpful and then a general question, I guess, in some of these newer wins, how often are you seeing awards in both the 3G and I guess edge slots on wedge phones.
[Unidentified Executive]: Yeah, actually invariably for us, we’re going in after certainly the core edge device, which is typically a (inaudible 00:35:05) bringing in a very high (inaudible 00:35:08) complex PM switch coupling out with our gap HP (ph 00:35:10) device, packaging in Mexicali in our own shop and then we take that as an anchor and then span multiple bands of WCDMA and we could hit all those bands and what we are seeing is an increase.  We’re seeing customers now that want band 1-8 in Europe, 2 and 5 for Americas and often putting those all in one phone. So we’re seeing increases in content and our ability to satisfy that goes up as the complexity increases.
Operator: Our next question is from Suji De Silva with Kaufman Brothers.
Suji De Silva: Hello, Dave, Liam, Don. Congratulations on the quarter. So on the shared gains, I just want to press a little more here. You talk about, I think you said the prepared remarks that some supply chain disruption about a year ago got you some (inaudible 00:35:52), which are wrapping now, is that a one quarter phenomenon or is that, do more of those layer in in extra quarters?
[Unidentified Executive]: No. That’s been a phenomenon now for about a year. We’re just really the tip of the iceberg in some of those opportunities. I think it’s a general, so the answer is no. I think we earned that business and I think our customers will continue to reward us with more of their business because we stepped up. We’re giving them, we think, a terrific product with terrific quality at a price point that’s very competitive so and they provide good margins for us. So we’re going to hold on to that business. The other supply chain agility that we’ve been able to create with the model that we talked about for a couple years now is really giving us an opportunity with short cycle times to ramp very, very quickly.  So I don’t view that as an event at all and nor do our customers.
Suji De Silva: Okay and then maybe just digging one layer down on both the handset and linear side, it sounds like on the handset side, 3G was weaker. I’m curious of any other parts, business, or GOs where we could expect it and in linear, were any particular segments weaker? Thanks.
[Unidentified Executive]: Yeah, I mean Suji, there are certainly some pluses and minuses in the business and as we’ve mentioned in a typical market environment, the December numbers could be up even higher. So we’ve tempered that. We are seeing certain OEMs, LG for example and Sony Arts and to some degree be a little softer than some others but in balance with our footprint today, diversified across the top 5, we’re able to accommodate that and manage it through diversification.
Operator: Our next question is from Todd Koffman, Raymond James.
Todd Koffman: Thank you very much and congratulations on the performance. I wanted to ask you about your pricing now compared to your competitors. There’s now this stark differential in your profitability, very impressive. Is there a stark differential in your pricing as you’ve gained all this market share?
[Unidentified Executive]: No. No there isn’t a differential in the pricing if you’re talking about relative to the competition. The differential is in the level of complexity. Here’s what happened. Here’s what’s happening Todd. In the not-too-distant past, companies were buying multiple single bands of Y band and CDMA in the case of wedge with maybe an edge quad band PA, a separate filter, a switch, a whole bunch of discreets and as an example in wedge, where that has moved towards is a typical offering for us. We’ll have us in a single package as much as a 9 or 10 throw switch meaning it’s covering all the functionality of the various bands and transmit and receive and mode switching, it’ll have some content of filtering, have some pretty sophisticated logic to essentially provide a traffic flow, if you will, for all those frequencies. A lot of issues around shielding at ESD and then clearly very linear amplifiers that are combining bands so that they’re not only, they’re operating very efficiently for battery voltage standpoint while doing simultaneous voice and data. And so those produces are really hard to design. It’s taken us literally thousands of man years, years to do this. They’re really hard to design. They get designed in early because it’ has such a big implication on the overall system performance that it’s not your grandfather’s PA and that’s the difference. So it is our ability to design a product that while we’re not the only people who could address it clearly far, far fewer. So the dollar content is going up in our addressable handset market. The number of competitors is going down in our addressable handset market. It’s the combination of those two that is allowing us and should allow us to continue to outperform.
Todd Koffman: Thank you very much. Good luck.
[Unidentified Executive]: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity.
Edward Snyder: Dave, Todd’s last question, I think it’s pretty clear that there are a few competitors who have the same kind of technologies and the same kind of products. (Inaudible 00:39:46) also did in quarters. I guess this speaks to you difference in the cost spaces. Apparently they don’t, neither of these guys have the margins you do and you have a flexible manufacturing model. How much of that is contributing to your superior margins and then along the same lines, those other companies, almost everybody’s reported this point and besides Anadigics (ph 00:40:05), everybody’s been showing very strong quarters. How much of your caution is because you’re seeing a slow down or you’re anticipating a slow down.
David Aldrich: Well our caution is reflecting what we see in the general market and in spite of that, we’re up and I think that’s in December, and I think that’s pretty unique and we’re pretty proud of that. the caution comes about because we are becoming so diversified within  handsets and within our linear product business addressing more and more segments. We are absolutely seeing softness, demonstrated softness, in our order flow with certain segments and among certain customers in handsets. We, however, are also seeing relative strength in certain segments and with certain customers and we’re adding new products and new program (inaudible 00:40:49). So when you net all of that out even with a very conservative eye towards making sure we factor in the general market conditions, we come up with the guidance that we presented today and the comments we have about 2009. I think the margin, my comment earlier was on margin, was that these higher dollar content gives us a great deal more utilization. We could throw off more operating income as we generate more average dollar for phone if you will, a more average dollar per base station or through Phento (ph 00:41:17) cell or energy management device. We are, and I think you know this, we are extremely focused on the metrics in throughout our entire business. We measure every machine’s operational efficiency, yield, labor content per device. We drive those metrics through a system of KPIs, throughout each and every factory right down to the individual operator level and we think those things are giving us consistency of new program ramp yields and overall continuous improvement in yields and factory utilization. If you blend all that together, I think that’s why we have the margins that we have today.
Edward Snyder: Well you certainly have an exceptional profitability model compared to your competitors and I know that you’re continually improving and this is something that’s been a theme on many of your calls, you’re pushing efficiencies and yields. I notice that you’ve kind of maybe indirectly upped your target operating margin to 20% from 18 because things are going so well. How much of that gain from where you are to where you think you’re going to be is going to come from additional yields or efficiencies versus say (inaudible 00:42:19) controls or 6-inch or more revenue. I’m just trying to get an idea of where can we expect the gains. At some point, you’ve got to run out of room on to squeeze in more efficiencies right?
David Aldrich: Well yeah. No, the fact is you’re never done. You’re just simply never done whether it’s on time delivery, whether it’s failure part per million or customer satisfaction, whether it’s squeezing out more efficiency on your equipment, on your fixed equipment set, you’re never ever done. We’ve also worked very hard to maintain ASPs and to reduce, we measure, Ed for an example, we measure every single part we produce. We measure a cost reduction at the minutia level for every single part and we compare that to ASP and we make sure on every single part that we’re able to reduce our costs faster than we’re reducing our price and where we can’t, it’s a big point of discussion within the management team and within the ranks of Skyworks. So it’s just the fact is you’re just simply never done. We’re also going to go to 6-inch. That will give us a material reduction in the overall dye costs, sometime in the very late 2009, 2010 and we’re augmenting our handset business with, we believe, some pretty innovative linear products that have a higher overall, higher average growth margin so that our mix is becoming a bit more profitable sequentially as we move throughout the years.
Operator: Our next question is from Tore Svanberg with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Congratulations on the results. First of all, I think you’re expecting a 50-base point improvement in gross margins this quarter. How much of that is coming from mix versus some continuous cost improvements?
Donald Palette: You know we have a lot of, thousands of SKUs so mix is always an important part of the margin equation but as Dave stated, we’re extremely metric-driven and I mean to put it in perspective, we’ve had 6 consecutive quarters of margin improvement. We’re up 165 basis points year over year. So the majority of what you’re seeing driving that is a continuous improvement on our yields. We’re still making some targeted Capex (ph 00:44:21) investments to improve productivity and our overall cost structure. So the majority of that’s coming from performance, from things that we’re focused on improving.
Tore Svanberg: Great and the other Capex target for fiscal ‘09, at this point?
Donald Palette: We don’t give Capex guidance that far out.
Tore Svanberg: Okay then lastly can you comment a little bit on where you expect inventories to trend in the December quarter?
Donald Palette: Relatively flat. No significant movement on inventories.
Operator: Our next question then is from Craig Ellis with Citi.
[Althea: Hey guys, Althea here for Craig. Just very quickly on your operating margin, how should we think about you hitting that target of 20% in fiscal ‘09 or even fiscal 2010?
[Unidentified Executive]: Well the way to think about that is as we’ve consistently talked about the former targets were $250 million a quarter. We were going to deliver 18%. Now to put that in perspective, our guidance at $240 million’s delivering 17% so we stepped back and said we’re driving a lot of improvement in the business and we really needed to look at higher than $250 million what are our targets. That’s where we came from the 20%. It’s going to be a combination of both leveraging our operating expenses. Those are relatively fixed going from a $240 to a $260 or a $270 million a quarter revenue level. You don’t see a lot of movement there but in order to get there, you do need some margin expansion. We just haven’t commented to what extent that’s going to be but as volume goes up, you’re going to expect some leveraging of fixed costs. So, I mean you could expect some margin expansion.
Operator: Our final question will be from Suji De Silva with Kaufman Brothers .
Suji De Silva: Hi guys, a couple quick follow-ups here. You seen some movement here with announcements from some of the base (ph 00:46:05) band vendors in terms of, does this have an effect on you guys, is it neutral or is it an opportunity or a threat potentially?
[Unidentified Executive]: Well it could be both an opportunity and a threat obviously. Like our handset approach, we have been working very hard to try to partner with and add value to each and every one of the top base band providers and we’ve been able to do that so we’re ramping programs, SmallCom (ph 00:46:29) with  Infinion. Obviously you’re talking about Texas Instruments, their public announcement is that they’re gong to remain in the customs solutions and so as we participate in those, we’ll continue to support those. So the best job we can do as with our OEM customers is just to support all the major base band guides and I think we’ve been very successful , most recently, by adding Qualcom as a significant partner to us.
Suji De Silva: Sure and then the other question I have is you guys appear to be sort of getting to be kind of one of the better in class executors in this industry, would you be averse Dave to consolidating the industry? Do you think there will be consolidation or is that something you’d rather kind of stay with the profile you have right now in terms of executing on what you have?
David Aldrich: Oh I think we’d rather stay with the profile we have today. There will be consolidation of share for sure and that will continue as the dollar content goes up. There will be consolidation of share just given the complexity number one and number two, scale. If you look at what we’re being asked to do by our customers today with our hundreds of engineers, I’ve had experience with smaller companies. I just don’t know how you compete across a broad spectrum. You have to be very selective. We don’t want to be very selective. We want to be very broad and very diversified. So I think organically, we can do a terrific job of being a consolidator of market share by focusing on what we’re doing today.
Suji De Silva: Great Dave, thanks.
Operator: Now we do have another question. It is from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum.
Anthony Stoss: Hi guys. Great job. Most of my questions were asked. However, if you could comment on where you think content per multi-mode phone, actually in 2009 is, I’d love to hear your thoughts on how many bands also.
[Unidentified Executive]: Sure. Sure. Yeah. Well as we move out into 2009, you’re already seeing the evidence of some very innovative 3G models that are clearly not voice only. You’re seeing the smart phone. So we see content moving now, traditional 3G phones, if we had 2 or 3 bands basically anchored by an (inaudible 00:48:28) content, maybe about $3 to $4. We see that moving now $5 to $6 into 2009 and again, we go back to where the carriers are making money with data service. They are driving higher requirements and more complexity in the handset. Our handset customers are willing to pay a little bit more for performance. Carriers will pay a little more for that handset. They’ll get a payback in 30 days on (inaudible 00:48:50). So the whole food chain is working well for us in that domain.
Anthony Stoss: Okay. Any change in 10% customers in the quarter and what are your expectations for December? I know you’re expecting 4 to 5 top by the end of December to be 10%.
[Unidentified Executive]: There was no change. We had Sony, Eriksson, and Samsung were top 10% in the 4th quarter consistent with the 3rd quarter. We still have a shot at having 4 of our OEM customers in the top 10%. If they are not in the top 10%, just based on the things roll out, they’re going to be in high, significant digits. So that’s still something we’re trying to drive home. We’ll see how it works out.
Anthony Stoss: Okay. One final question for you. On your 6-inch transition, maybe a little bit more color on how that scaling also what can uptake and gross margins, you think, do you might see in the second half of ‘09 as a result?
[Unidentified Executive]: Well it’s late ‘09 into 2010…
[Unidentified Executive]: Minimal impact in ‘09, minimal.
[Unidentified Executive]: And I’ve got to tell you I think that’s up in Newbury Park, California by the way and I think the team is just doing outstanding. I mean they’re continuing to operate with their day jobs. They’re executing the process qualification. We are absolutely on track. We have an advantage because we have a partner in HBT that we can ramp outside of Skyworks. We’re able to ramp and create buffers of capacity so that we could actually do sort of an in-line transition, machine-by-machine, process step by process step. You won’t see any disruption for that. I’m very confident from that, I’m very confident the team. It’ll be late in ’09 and I got, my hat’s off to the groups. I know they’re working very hard but they are indeed getting it done.
Anthony Stoss: Great. Great job guys.
[Unidentified Executive]: Thanks.
[Unidentified Executive]: Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude the question and answer session. I’d like to turn the call to Dave Aldridge for an additional or closing comment.
David Aldridge: Okay. Well thank you very much for listening and for participating today and on behalf of the entire Skyworks team, we look forward to updating you in the future.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  David J. Aldrich - President and Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Liam K. Griffin – Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing Thomas Schiller – Investor Relations
Analysts: Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Inc. Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Jeff Kvaal - Lehman Brothers  Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson Todd Koffman - Raymond James  Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley Craig Ellis - Citi Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Mike Burton – ThinkPanmure 
Operator:  Welcome to the Skyworks Solution third quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Tom Schiller, Investor Relations for Skyworks.
Tom Schiller:  Joining me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette, our  Chief Financial Officer and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions.  Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results. They are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited, to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings.  I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are non-GAAP consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter. 
David Aldrich:  For our third fiscal quarter I am pleased to report that Skyworks team again exceeded guidance with top line growth of 23% driving a 79% improvement in operating income. Our performance reflects our increasing diversification in wireless and adjacent analogue markets, share gains and strong operational execution.  Specifically during the quarter we delivered $215 million of revenue, that’s up 23% from $175 million last year. We expanded our gross margins to 40.6%, a 180 basis point year-over-year increase and our fifth consecutive quarter of gross margin improvement. We generated operating income of $30 million, now this is up 79% year-over-year; we increased our operating margin to 14.1% and this compares to 9.7% last year. I think most importantly, we posted record earnings per share of $0.18 versus $0.11 in Q3 of ’07 and we’ve generated $112 million of cash flow from operations on a fiscal year-to-date basis and we exited with $254 million of cash. At a higher level our performance represents further progress towards realizing our stated vision of becoming the worldwide leader in mobile connectivity semiconductor solutions and to that end, and as we’ve outlined in past calls, we’re focused on four simple we think, yet very powerful business strategies. First we are continuing to diversify Skyworks; second we’re developing higher margin products; third, we’re capitalizing on content growth in wireless front-end solutions; and fourth we’re driving continuous operational improvements. I’ll spend a little time today providing an update on our progress along each of these four critically important initiatives.  First, with respect to diversifying Skyworks, we’re leveraging our catalogue business and our worldwide distribution network and expanding into a broader set of end markets including energy management, satellite radio, industrial, automotive, wireless networking and broadband communications. Now keep in mind, today’s Skyworks supports nearly 1000 global customers with over 2.500 standard products and with each new customer engagement we’re widening our product pipeline. In fact, during the quarter we ramped energy management solutions for ZigBee and remote meter reading applications, we’ve launched ultra compact satellite radio antennae modules including filter and low noise amplifiers, and we’ve introduced the industries first bulk acoustic wave filters enabling WiMax and wireless LAN co-existence. In the automotive sector we now support Microsoft Sync initiatives with low power control IC’s enabling fully integrated voice-activated communications for our mobile phones and digital music players.  During the quarter we also increased shipments of femtoe cell [ph] building blocks at a top tier OEM with additional design wins slated to ramp later this year and we’ve commenced shipments of custom multi chip modules for fiber to the home applications.  Now in parallel to our analogue market growth initiatives and diversification we are continuing to diversify our handset business. As many of you may recall, in 2006 our revenues were heavily concentrated with two handset OEFS, whereas to day we are uniquely supporting all five top tier OEMs as well as the two leading smart phone suppliers with new program ramps across the board.  A special note, during the quarter we partnered with Qualcomm for the first time in our history aligning our multi-mode front-end module portfolio with their CDMA 2000 edge and 3GHS DPA system road maps and reference designs. A given Qualcomm’s CDMA and YPA and CDMA leadership, this is a significant growth opportunity for Skyworks. Second we’re developing higher margin products with the development and introduction of a host of new custom solutions, we have created a portfolio characterized in many cases not only by longer life cycles and in some cases annuity like revenue profiles, but also higher overall contribution margins. This transition is occurring on multiple levels including for example standard catalogue products, custom analogue solutions in multiple new markets, front end modules per system on a chip applications or SOC systems and multi mode front end modules.  Both our handset and our newer linear products customers place very high value on architectures that reduce size, reduce bomb complexity, improve system reliability and enhance performance while enabling the lowest system price points. This is precisely where Skyworks excels today.  The third initiative, we’re capitalizing on the increase in front-end content. The migration to multi-mode wireless platforms from 2G-voicentric phones is accelerating as consumers demand high sped data capability supported by 2 1/3 and 3G applications. With this strategic trend, the complexity in the front-end module significantly increases expanding our addressable market nearly three-fold, specifically driven by a few things: One is the need for backward computability to existing networks; another is the requirement to manage multiple standards and frequencies within the same phone or within the same device: in some cases up to a dozen frequencies in a single platform; the inclusion of broad band functionality enabling things like music data, video and the requirement to accomplish all of this in a compact size with minimal battery consumption. The integration of these various bands for reliable high-speed access requires very complex modules which must, must remain physically small. They must remain extremely power efficient and cost effective. In fact the more modes of operation in any given platform the better it is for us, the better it is for Skyworks as we can push the performance envelope in terms of front-end integration and reduces current consumption obviously enabling longer talk times and thus improving the overall user experience.  Now at the same time the emerging market is moving aggressively to lower cost system on a chip solutions, SOC. Now these particular architectures place a higher burden on the front-end module given the RF functionality that is being merged into the base band device; but there are inherent performance challenges when integrating analogue functions in CMOSE [ph] technology and as such there is higher value assigned to the SOC front-end module.  This trend may in fact be the most misunderstood factor of our business today and is clearly a substantial revenue growth area for Skyworks and as we’ve previously discussed we’re aligned with each and every leading baseband supplier. So with ramps in various stages of projects across all Tier-1 OEMs Skyworks is positioned to gain further share in the FEM product segment.  The competitive landscape is clearly narrower with fewer suppliers able to support the demanding performance specifications, the stringent quality standards and the manufacturing scale requirements of leading handset OEFs. In fact our customers are very quickly consolidating down to a very short list of strategic front end module suppliers. Out of the dozen or so Pa companies that serve the pin for pin compatible space only a few short years ago. In short the markets growth needs are intersecting with what Skyworks does well and therefore we are capturing points of market share in a growing market.  The fourth strategy, they are executing operationally. As some of you may know we are an extremely metrics driven culture with an intense focus on continuous improvement in yields and equipment utilization in our cycle times and in our return on invested capital. Meanwhile we have effectively implemented a hybrid manufacturing model, we’re now leveraging multiple external foundries and this model is providing us with a great deal of supply chain flexibility, it allows us to have a lower capital investment, along with the ability to meet upside demands.  At this focus on operation I’ll call blocking and tackling, is directly correlated to our results and is best evidenced by our five consecutive quarters of gross margin expansion and for the six and solid stripes towards reaching our long-term profitability targets. To recap, our third quarter performance demonstrates continuous progress in our four initiatives. First we’re diversifying Skyworks; second we’re delivering higher margin products; third we’re capitalizing on the increase in front-end module contents; and fourth we’re executing operationally. So in summary this is an exciting time for Skyworks. We believe we are well positioned to continue to outperform the broader semi-conductor market and to deliver superior returns to our shareholders.
Donald Palette: Revenue for the third fiscal quarter was $215.2 million up 23% year-over-year, up 7% sequentially and ahead of our guidance for $210 million for the period. Gross profit for the quarter was $87.4 million or 40.6% of revenue, a 180 basis point year-over-year expansion and fifth consecutive quarter improvement. This performance reflects our focus on margin improvement and was driven by the following: higher equipment efficiency’s at all of our factories, progress on yield improvement initiatives and double-digit year-over-year material cost reductions.  Operating expenses were $57.1 million of which R&D expenses totaled $34.1 million and SG&A costs were $22.9 million. As a result our operating income for the quarter was $30.3 million, up 79% year-over-year and representing a 14.1% operating margin. Our net interest expense in other income for the quarter was $600,000.00, while taxes were $800,000.00 which is approximately at our 3% cash tax rate. Net income was $28.9 million yielding $0.18 of earnings per share, $0.01 ahead of consensus estimates.  Now turning to the balance sheet:  We exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $254 million. During the quarter we reported $11.4 million of depreciation, generated $26.2 million in cash flow from operations as we continue to deliver working capital improvements through our collection performance and accelerating our inventory terms and we invested $14.4 million in demand driven capital expenditures primarily for fab and assembly and test capacity.  Now to our business outlook for the fourth fiscal quarter: As Dave has outlined, new program launches, targeted design win ramps and market share gains are translating into improving order visibility and as a result we continue to outpace market growth and to show further operating leverage. Specifically, assuming revenue of $225 million in the September quarter, we suggest modeling a sequential gross margin expansion of 10 to 30 basis points and operating expenses of approximately $58 million yielding an operating margin of roughly 15%.  Below the line we suggest modeling interest expense of $300,000.00 and $900,000.00 for taxes. In turn we intend to deliver $0.20 of diluted earnings per share off a base of 166.5 million shares. To put our performance in better context, it’s worth noting the trajectory of our improvement. In fiscal 2006 we recorded $0.21 of diluted earnings per share. In fiscal 2007 we posted $0.48 for the entire year and by virtue of our guidance we are at an $0.80 annualized EPS run rate and that, with us heading into a seasonally strong back half of the year with the opportunity for further improvements going forward.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Inc. 
Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Inc.:  I felt the quarter was particularly noteworthy given that two of your biggest customers continued to seek challenges last quarter. How do you factor that into your guidance as you look ahead into the fourth quarter?
David Aldrich: I believe that given the diversification we have among our customer set we are starting to see increasingly over time when we see shifts among the OEMs it doesn’t impact the way it once did. It doesn’t impact us the way it once did and so that stability has been entered into our business and so we’re a little bit less impacted by share shifts. Having said that, we’ve used a similar approach as we have for the last several quarters in creating our guidance in a prudent way, Don?
Donald Palette:  Yes, that’s correct, that’s the approach. 
Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Inc. :  Are you seeing any signs of up tick at those particular customers? I guess I’m most interested in what you’re seeing at Sony Ericsson these days. 
Liam Griffin:   Yes, actually what we’re seeing is a pretty balanced attack right now. We are gaining share primarily in new multi mode designs and our position there is expanding there quite well. I wouldn’t put it on one specific account. I think our attack is quite balanced now among each of the top five and we’re growing in every one of those.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer:  Don with regards to the interest income this quarter, it is the third quarter in a row where it is declining while your cash balance is growing quite nicely, so it is counter intuitive to me. Could you explain that and also your interest expense guidance of $300, is that net on a net basis interest income minus expenses?
David Aldrich: Yes well onto the second one first, that’s net; when I gave that guidance, that’s interest income minus interest expense, so the guidance is an expense for Q4. The question on our overall return, what you’re seeing is that with what’s going on in the financial markets, the instruments that we have our cash in, the returns on that interest has been dropping over the past several quarters and that’s exactly what you’re seeing with the interest dropping.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer:  It’s good to know, you should be thinking about a buy back at this point.  Dave, can you comment about, through the quarter there has been a significant concern about slow down enhanced market and macro. I know that your guidance is an agglomeration of your forecast and I’m hoping to assume some hair cuts to some estimates, but can you give us a little bit more color as to every quarter you have an OEM that beats an OEM that misses, that’s part of the mix, but can you tell us how that mix in general ended up in the quarter. Was there one OEM more than others responsible for the upside in our numbers and how do you expect that to differ in the September quarter?
David Aldrich: Clearly we’re seeing some choppiness to the environment. We’re seeing some strength in smart phones; we’re seeing strength in our multi-mode phones and our multi-mode phone customers. We’re seeing somewhat slower growth in some of the more mature markets, North America for example, Western Europe. Having said that, the important issue for us is that we are gaining share, we are gaining higher dollar contents and growth in fact across all top five accounts, so that’s allowing us to outpace the market growth and we’ve taken those program ramps, I think an appropriate view of the overall market into consideration as we’ve created our guidance, but it has been choppy.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  With regard to that overall market, given the movement to higher dollar content to 3G to smart phones, if you had to look at say Nokia as 10ish % unit growth forecast for the total market, how does that compare to what you would expect your total available market to be growing, X of course the analogue business?
Liam Griffin: Yes, we’re encouraged with Nokia’s numbers; they’re about in line with what we were seeing per overall handset units. But I think one of the issues that you may be getting to with it is if you look at the actual handset counts, the power amplifier cam goes up quite a bit more; so if you look at wedge devices, for example, you have maybe two or three bands of WCDMA anchored with an edge FEM. We’re seeing much more of that content, so the actual power amplifier cam is growing much faster than let’s say a high single-digit or 10% handset unit cam. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  So can you give any variance to that? I mean to you think, is there a percentage? If it’s a 10% do you add 2% or 3% or is it more?
Liam Griffin: It’s much more than that. It’s in order of; you’ve got almost a PA count now. Certainly in the 3G models you’re looking at two or three devices, as many as four and then you take that and extrapolate your own estimates for 3G on top of what you see in GSM&A, so it’s a pretty powerful multiplier. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  If the units of handsets are growing 10%, does the PA market grow 15%?
Liam Griffin: At least.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay and then lastly you have been getting great gross margin leverage from lots of different areas. If you could give us a little bit of an update on your 4” to 6” wafer transition and your PA fab, what’s going on with the switch fab and then how do all of those things along with the growth of these higher dollar content Pas come in to give you a structural base? I know you’ve given us a target before, but what becomes your new longer-term structural gross margin?
David Aldrich:  There’s a lot in that question, so let me comment a bit on your specific questions with respect to the foundry and perhaps Don can talk about the model. We are in the process and have facilitated much of the conversion to 6” in our Newberry Park HBT Gallium Arsenide Factory. We’re on target to cut that higher capacity over some time in the second half of 2009. We are on track to do that. When we do that we will get an overall reduction in wafer cost or square millimeter of dye cost that is rather significant; we will also get a lot more capacity. We’ve been partnering with Foundry’s to facilitate our capability to do that, so we’re well on the way to cutting that over.  With respect to PF we still have capacity, so we expanded capacity, we paid for that mostly in 2007 and we’re growing into that capacity utilization as we speak now in 2008 and 2009. We’re in good shape n PF and will be in excellent shape as well in HPT as we move to 2009.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers:  As far as our targeted business model is at $250 million we’re targeting 42% margin and certainly a component of that is the benefit we’re going to get from the 6” conversion that Dave’s talking about, but we feel really positive about the focus Dave mentioned early in the call, that we’re a metrics driven company and there’s an extreme amount of focus on margin improvement. The bulk of the improvement you’ve seen in the last five consecutive quarters improvement, if you add in our guidance and if we deliver it, that’s six quarters is really focused around improving our product yields, our factory efficiency’s and delivering double-digit year-over-year cost reductions. That, coupled with the volume benefit that we would receive as well as then layering in the wafer cost reductions from the 6” puts us in a position to deliver that 42%.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers:  Can you tell us what the mix of handset versus linear was in the quarter?
Donald Palette: Both our handset and linear products businesses were up sequentially in year-over-year and our linear products was just under 25% for the third quarter.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers :  $215 million run rate 42% and 18% is our model, what mix do you expect linear to be at that point? Do you expect it to outgrow hand set to get to that point?
David Aldrich:  I think you should consider it to be roughly the same mix. Now we are going to grow our linear products business. Don mentioned we’re up in the quarter, we’re up year-over-year, but we also intend to grow our handset business for the reasons we described. I think it’ difficult whether or not there will be an actual shift. I think the safest thing is to keep it distant. 
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers:  Does mix shift help you get to your gross margin targets? It sounds like that’s not one of the key factors.
David Aldrich: No it isn’t. The higher overall dollar contribution dollars from the product families that we described in the prepared comments, including multi-mode run-in modules, including SOC fems [ph] and including LT, that ‘s really what drives it more than any dramatic shift between handsets and linear products. 
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers:  Who are the 10% customers in the quarter? 
Donald Palette:  That was Sony Ericsson and Samsung and the other market leaders the other three top OEMs were in the high single-digits for the quarter. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research:  I know you’re guiding for $42 at $250, in the near term though you have some really good margin gains here, it would seem that your PA business is becoming a lot more profitable given your mix of linear is lower than I would have expected and yet your margins continue to move up. Can we expect it to continue or do we wait until we get a step function when you get the 6” up and running.  Also I would like to touch on some of your customer blends here. What was Free Scales PA business or the business you acquired from Free Scale in terms of contribution on the quarter itself and finally Nokia, you are gaining some share there. What’s the opportunity going to look like for ’09 do you think?
David Aldrich: I think your first question was are we improving our margins, or we are improving our margins in PA as well as we increase our revenue in linear products and that’s actually true, although it’s not as interesting a story perhaps as you may think. It is, in fact, the blocking and tackling that Don described. We are getting better yields. We’re driving our equipment efficiencies. We’re driving our average dollar unit per unit out the door and we have dash boards that we look at ad nausem every day, every week, every month and that’s what drives a cost reduction per part, per SKU that if it beats our targets, we’re able to stay in good shape as improving our gross margins as these products ramp and as new products ramp into production. It is also a function of higher dollar content that much is true on the multi-mode.   I think your intuition is correct. We are getting good, solid gross margins with these higher value added solutions and we’re just continuing to try to drive every aspect of our supply chain to lower cost. The second part of your question was with respect to free scale. For those of you who don’t remember, we acquired the free scale business. We did not acquire revenue stream per se. We acquired patents. We acquired some very valuable intellectual property and some exclusive design rights, primarily into systems going into REM and Motorola. With the combination of the small share that we had at REM prior to that acquisition back in September and the transition of those designs from free scale designs to ours and the improving yields on those new designs as we transition them into our process, we are now, I am happy to say, the majority PA supplier at REM. 
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: In terms of Nokia, you’ve obviously got a slot there in your ramping. What opportunity do you think that holds for ’09 and do you think the share gain is going to continue at Nokia and how about the Koreans’ are you gaining share with the Koreans?
Liam Griffin: Yes certainly we can’t get into all the details with Nokia, but there is a pretty important growth opportunity within that account, as there is with the other four leading OEMs and the upside as we move into ’09 could be quiet substantial. We do believe that we still have, we talked about it before, we feel like we are in position by the December quarter to put the top five up as 10% customers, so that should give you a bit of a hint directionally what we see in Nokia. With respect to the Korean accounts, they’ve actually been quite strong. LG and Samsung have been two the stronger players through the year. We see them in the second half also looking pretty good. We talked earlier, Dave and Don, about multi-mode and we’ve seen some benefits there. Both of those accounts also, we are beneficiaries of their relationship with Qualcom and our recent engagements with Qualcom. So we see continued momentum there and in some cases we’re at the early stages of growth as a result of that baseband partnership.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Kvaal - Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Kvaal - Lehman Brothers :  First could you talk a little bit about the 18% operating margin target? You have also, I know, talked about getting to 20% over time. How much of that is continued excellent execution from you on the yield side, how much of that requires you to get better margins on say system 1 chip PAs. 
Donald Palette: When you’re looking at the model at 42%, it’s not going to be easy for me to actually segment the percentages of that, but clearly what we’ve demonstrated today and what we’ll continue to focus on is just grinding out the yield improvement, grinding out the material cost reduction year-over-year and also the equipment efficiencies in the factories, that’s a critical component as well as what you just described with the newer parts, the higher dollar content, that’s also going to contribute. Then you’ve got the 6” adding the capacity of 6”. All those things are contributing to that. It’s hard for me to break that down into percentages, but we’re very, very comfortable at 4% of $250 million.  The 18 is a function of op expenses being at 24 and we are very, in fact I would hope that that’s a number that we could slightly exceed at that level. Look at what we spend today in $250 I mean the math works pretty easily, so we’re very, very comfortable that 18 to 20 is something that is doable for the business. 
Jeff Kvaal - Lehman Brothers :  I guess that presupposes that you folks are able to hold onto a lot of the improvements that you’re making in yields, etc., which typically in the past one has passed through to the customer. Maybe it’s better for Dave or Liam, but could you help us understand a little bit about the pricing dynamics?
David Aldrich: I think first of all that we do believe that we can hold onto the yield improvements or that we can continue to perpetuate those yield improvements and this is a process that we’ve worked very hard to get better at; that is predicting how new programs and products will ramp through our factories. Getting them up to learning curve faster and faster and then driving overall utilization and so we are confident that you’ll continue to see improvements in the yield. We’ve got a lot of head room there. We’ve got a lot more to do and so we’re going to continue to drive it.  Our dye sizes are shrinking for function and we’re entering an era of new processes that actually drive the overall bill material cost down. So with respect to do we pass that along, well clearly we pass that along, we hope, in a way that we can add value to our customers. Our customers need these products to get smaller. They need these products to add functions. They need to add bands and they need to do it in a way that allows them to achieve their bond cost reductions and if we do our jobs really well; we’re able to add dollar content while at the same time our customers are delighted to have a product that lowers their overall bond costs.  It is less relevant what they pay us for a specific function. It is more relevant what we are able to do for their overall bill materials, so we’re sweeping in functions. We’re sweeping in bands; we’re sweeping in filters, more modes of switch. So that is how we’re able to, as you say, pass the benefit along to our customers without a detriment to our gross margin. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson:  I know we’ve talked about the front end module wins, but maybe Dave if you can go into a little bit more detail as to, when you spoke earlier about the front end module getting some traction with the single chip, were you referencing in particular the reference to Qualcom helping you there and in particular with the Koreans or was there a specific reason why you mentioned that at this point?
David Aldrich: I think we’ve mentioned it in the past, but there is a specific reason and it is the top tier baseband providers. For example, we enjoy an increasingly close relationship with Texas instruments, with Qualcom and others and that’s been a concerted effort on our part to get closer to them as we attempt together to provide our customers a system that works for them.  The reason we talk about it now is we think it may be a little counter intuitive, because in the last 6, 8 years, as there have been more and more phones produced, the view of the market has been, while those products must be commoditized. They were discreet designs, there was a lot of suppliers, many of those suppliers had excess capacity and it created a difficult pricing environment. You typically and oftentimes had to give up points of margin per points of share.  What’s happening today in the SOC world is that the weighted low of the overall cost of the bill of materials is to do more creative integration and SOC is a way to do that. Sweep the radio into the baseband, provide baseband horse power that works for the functions, but what that does is puts a lot of pressure on the front end module so that you can meet all the systems specifications, because something that is, it is inherently more difficult to pull analogue functions into the bulk seam loss, so we need to partner very closely so that together we can deliver a solution that adds value. That’s a higher value solution than it was when it was simply a discreet PA with a discreet switch, a discreet filter. 
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Does that include the bomb [ph] filters at this point?
David Aldrich: It could, it doesn’t today in the earlier designs, but it absolutely could because it’s a filter as part of that function. 
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson:  On the tax rate going forward, I know you don’t want to give full year guidance, but should we just assume that the cash tax rate is going to be relatively the same level it has been for the last couple of quarters? For next quarter, but going into next year even. 
Donald Palette: Absolutely, in fact we’ve talked about that in the past. Our NOLs protect about $160 million of future income so for 2009 absolutely the 3% to 4% cash tax rate is the way to go, that is absolutely where we’ll be.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Todd Koffman - Raymond James. 
Todd Koffman - Raymond James :  You were within striking distance of our long-term model, your September quarter guidance, some of your remarks relating to maybe having two and maybe even three of the other top OEMs breaking into your 10% customer list, it sounds like the visibility of your business today is as good or better than it’s been in quite some time. Am I misreading that or is that reasonably accurate?
David Aldrich: The visibility is improving because we are so much more diversified among the customers today, so with the customers today in this space, including the leaders in second tiers and some of the newer smart phone entrants. So as a result, it’s a little bit easier for us to predict what our revenue is going to be based upon some overall market dynamics and the trend of higher dollar content on the higher end of the market, so that’s giving us more confidence in our forecast and it is giving us greater visibility; however we are obviously cognizant of the fact that there are shifting sands between OEMs. There are share shifts and we need to constantly be on the look out for that, but we are tending to not be impacted the way we once were when we had one or two OEMs with a very big share of our overall revenue.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley. 
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley:  Qualitatively I was wondering if you can run me through some of your opportunities in Asia, specifically our relationship with Mediatech and how you see those opportunities evolving. 
David Aldrich: Well certainly the Asian market is really important to Skyworks, China specifically has been a big market, as has Taiwan and the ODM channels. Mediatech continues to be a very strategic baseband partner for us. We have an outstanding position with them on the GPRS side. We are building that relationship with them now to include Edge and we enjoy just a disproportionally high share right now with Mediatech, a very strong share in China by virtue of that partnership. Now in addition to that, on the linear product side, let me shift gears with you a bit. Wellway and most recently DT have become very significant for Skyworks as we build up relationships into their infrastructure markets and their both very, very high growth players on infrastructure and APAC.  If we move into Korea as we have talked about, LG and Samsung continue to be strong. We think there is a great outlook for those customers and again, by virtue of the relationship with Qualcom there are platforms that we’re engaging in very early that look very strong for us in 2009 and beyond.  
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley:  Your channel inventories, specifically for your linear products, if you could just comment qualitatively on how the channel inventories are tracking, I’d love to get any color on that. 
David Aldrich: That’s a difficult question. Right now it feels very balanced. The linear products distributor base that we have it’s quite diversified geographically. The product density and by that I mean a revenue per device is actually pretty diversified as well, so it seems quite normal for this time of year. We are seeing a lot of new interesting design wins in energy management. We’re seeing new design wins I satellite radio and a lot of vertical markets that look strong, automotive is another one. So I feel like the inventory is well positioned there.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Ellis - Citi. 
Craig Ellis – Citi:  Liam you were talking a little bit about the linear products business. Can you just provide some more color as to how we should think about the seasonality in that business as we look out on the third and then the fourth calendar quarter?
Liam Griffin: Seasonality in linear is not nearly the impact or an issue as it is in handset so we see steady growth. We’re going to grow this quarter, we should grow next quarter, there shouldn’t be anything that really impacts that so getting into the March quarter, again seasonality and linear is typically not a big issue. We are gaining share right now in a number of new vertical markets as I’ve indicated. Most of those are, quite frankly, immune to market seasonality. Some of them may have some consumer sentiment issues that could move the numbers around a bit, but we are expecting continued growth and as Don and Dave outlined the percentage of LPS should be right around the 25% level. 
Donald Palette:  There is some seasonality, but it is different for each product, so when you aggregate them you just don’t see the overall seasonality. We don’t mean to imply that we’re immune market-by-market, because you’ll see seasonality in automotive for example and so on.  But when you aggregate all that, that’s the beauty of linear products, we have very little concentration at any one end market or with any one customer. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank:  If you look at the Nokia guidance and given that units in Q1 were down 11% and then up only 3% in Q2 in order to do the 10% or better unit volumes Nokia was talking about this morning for the industry, you need to see quite a back half in recovery. I’m not sure that’s doable in this environment; so how good is your visibility and given what you would think would be normal seasonality, given what Nokia said, shouldn’t your guidance on the revenue side be higher sequentially?
David Aldrich: We’re modeling high single-digits, if you will, on overall unit volume. There is no magic to that. We’re aggregating inputs we’re getting from our customers and some of perhaps the same sources you’re looking at and so I think we’re no different in that regard. It is so much more important to us in terms of one or two or three points of overall unit growth, how we’re able to execute on the share gains and multi-mode and some of these newer linear product ramps we’ve been talking about. So, our dynamic may be a little bit different, clearly we’re exposed to the overall unit volume and I think there will be a reasonably good second half of the year. But, for what it’s worth, high single-digits is where we are. With respect to our guidance, I think Don talked about that earlier; we’re trying to factor in the market choppiness. We’re factoring our new program ramps and as a result of that we developed our guidance. Incidentally next quarter we’ll be nearly 20% year-over-year growth for our company. That is clearly higher than any market metric I’ve seen.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank:  So the difference is your revenues up say almost 5% and units are up high single-digits and the difference is pricing pressure or is it mix shift?
David Aldrich: I’m not sure, the high single-digits is to the year, so we’re thinking year-over-year be high single-digit growth. 
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank:  You’re not talking about units up sequentially I take it. 
David Aldrich: No, I may have said that and if I did I apologize. I meant year-over-year growth in the high single digits. Nokia and others have had different numbers. 
Operator:  Your last question comes from Mike Burton - ThinkPanmure.
Mike Burton with ThinkPanmure:  Can you just break out GSM, versus CDMA, versus WCDMA? Then also within the linear products, I know you have had some traction with Wellway on the infrastructure side. Is that still a significant portion 10% to 15% or just give us a range that’s going into wireless infrastructure?
Donald Palette: On the interface, we were as I said earlier 50% multi-mode and that was, we had strong growth Q2 to Q3 and that was the first time that we hit 50% with the balance being in 2G that’s where we ended up on the internet basis for the quarter. 
David Aldrich: With respect to the Wellway question, they are certainly the fastest growing infrastructure player we have. You know they are not a 10% customer of Skyworks. Within the linear portfolio they are about 10% of revenue. 
Mike Burton with ThinkPanmure:  But infrastructure overall is north of 10, I could assume that rate? Then lastly I wanted to follow up just with a product question. There was some talk earlier about a development of a Mems PA coming out at the end of this year. Is there any progress on that or have you seen anything out of RMCOM deal [ph] related to that or how are your customers starting to talk about that?
David Aldrich: Not Mems PAs so I would have to say that’s not something our customers are asking for in any big way. Mems I’m not sure I know what that is, but I know what a Mems is. There clearly is a push towards higher switch count and more complicated switching and control functions in these multi-mode phones that would be feeing multiple air interface standards multiple frequencies, YB and CDM may be the obvious example with multiple bands. If I understand your question right, yes our customers are asking for us to solve a pretty complicated problem, which is transmit and receive over multiple bands and multiple modes of operation. That they are all asking for.  Thank you very much, that concludes our conference call today and on behalf of the entire Skyworks team, thank you for participating.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-05-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David J. Aldrich- President and Chief Executive Officer Donald W. Palette- Vice resident and Chief Financial Officer Liam K. Griffin- Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing Thomas S. Shiller- Vice President, Corporate Development
Analysts: Bern Laux- CAI Cheuvreux Ed Snyder- Charter Equity Research Craig Ellis- Citi Aalok Shah- D.A. Davidson Suji De Silva- Lehman Brothers Srini Pajurri- Merril Lynch Aaron Husock- Morgan Stanley Ittai Kdron- Oppenheimer James Faucette- Pacific Crest Securities Stephen Ferranti- Stephens, Inc. Cody Acree- Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to the Skyworks Solutions earnings call. (Operator Instructions). 
Thomas Schiller: Joining me today are Dave Aldridge, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer, and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing.  Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements relating to future results that are forward looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our non-GAAP income statement, consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
Dave Aldrich: Thanks Tom, and welcome everyone. Today we announced our second fiscal quarter 2008 results and I am pleased to report that the Skyworks team posted solid performance highlighted by increasing diversification by market share gains and dollar content coupled with strong operational execution. Now specifically during the quarter we delivered $202 Million in revenue. This is ahead of our guidance and substantially better than market seasonality. We expanded our gross margins to $40.3 %. This is a 200 basis point increase year over year and our fourth consecutive quarter of improvement. We increased our net income by 52% from $16.7 Million last year to $25.3 Million in Q2. At the same time we delivered earnings per share of $.16. This was a penny ahead of consensus and a 60% growth on a year over year basis. We generated $40 million of cash flow from operations. This set of improving fundamentals reflects the strength of our new business model and is particularly important given the current market environment. In many respect Skyworks has entered a new and exciting phase, and by way of background throughout 2006 and 2007 we increased our focus and investment in our core linear products business, leveraging analog and mixed-signal technologies in support of a very broad set of adjacent markets. Now in parallel we directed our handset efforts squarely on the top tier OEMs and on the top base-band providers. With clear and measureable for share gains through each and every customer. As a result today we are poised to deliver sustainable above-market growth and improving profitability without the headwinds of a low-return base band business or reliance on one or two customers. Our confidence is based on several key strategies which I first outlined as you recall last quarter. I would like to spend some time today providing an update on our progress along each of these four initiatives.  The first being that we are diversifying Skyworks. We are leveraging our catalogue business and our world-wide distribution network. We are expanding into a broader set of end markets. These end-markets include broadband, industrial, medical, computing, wireless networking, cellular infrastructure. Keep in mind today that we support nearly one thousand customers and over 2,500 product SKUs. This list continues to grow with each new customer engagement and is back by an expanding product pipeline.  And to get a little bit more granular, more specifically during the quarter we added a new suite of low-power RF solutions targeting ISM or Industrial Scientific and Medical applications. We ramped production of an integrated RF system which Samsungs award-winning FEMTO cell based stations. We launched programmable solutions for Harris’ Metropolitan point-to point infrastructure. We introduced custom control ICs to a leading supplier of automotive entertainment and navigation appliances. We also won designs at CISCO with wireless LAN access solutions leveraging our switch and filter capabilities. We ramped game block amplifier for intelligent energy management deployments and we increased shipments of RF subsystems and Siemens in support of remote maintenance traffic systems vending management applications; telemetry, basically.  And speaking of Siemens, our Transtek subsidiary providing advanced ceramic materials in support of their gas turbine power business for low-cost energy. Now in parallel to these examples of analog market growth we are aggressively also diversifying in our handset business. Now as you may recall in 2005 our revenues were heavily concentrated with three of the top five OEMs, whereas today we are shipping both highly specialized 2G front end modules, or merging market fends, as well as higher value added Edge or CDMA fends to the world leading handset suppliers. I think of particular note- we believe that we are the only PAFEM supplier in high volume production across all T01 Handset OEMs as well as the two leading Smartphone suppliers.  Now secondly we are delivering higher margin product. With the development and introduction of a host of new, highly customized solutions we have created a product portfolio that is characterized not only by product life cycles and almost annuity like revenue profiles, but also a higher contribution margin. The transition is occurring on multiple levels including again our standard catalogue products and custom analog and RF solutions in new markets while on the handset side with front end modules for System on a chip or SOC applications where there is an emerging requirement for higher integration. This is a result of some base band petitioning trends. And finally multi-mode front end modules. Now across the board both our handset and our new linear products customers place high value on our architectures that reduced size, that reduced billed materials complexity, that improved reliability and enhanced performance, while enabling competitive cost structures. Our customer place as very high premium on these functions and its at the intersection of what we believe we do very well.  Our third initiative is that we are capitalizing on the increase in handset front end module content. The migration to 3G multi-mode, that is Edge, Wedge, wide band CDMA from voice centric phones is happening. Further during the quarter we introduced the industries first front end module for long-term evolution or LTE 3.9G applications. With this trend the complexity of the front end module significantly increases expanding our addressable content by threefold. The reason frankly is that the phones have a need for backward compatibility with installed networks. There’s a requirement to manage multiple standards and frequency within the same device and the inclusion of broad-band functionality allowing music, data and video. The integration of these various bands for reliable high-speed access requires complex modules which must remain physically small, power efficient and cost effective. This complexity is creating an incremental RF market opportunity measured in the billions of dollars. Now at the same time while we are talking about WEDGE and wide band CDMA and all, and this might be a little bit counter-intuitive, the emerging market is moving aggressively toward low-cost system on chip solutions but this SOC migration is placing a higher burden on the front end given the digital functionality that is being merged into the digital base band device. In other words our addressable opportunity increases with the move to SOC on the low end.  So with ramps in various stages of progress across all tier one handset OEMs Skyworks is positioned to gain further share in the FEM products segment. The competitive landscape is narrowing with fewer and fewer suppliers able to support both the technical requirements and the manufacturing scale required by the leading handset OEMs. This dynamic has the very real side benefit of stabilizing the industries pricing environment. I guess I would encourage you to think of it this way. If by increasing the functionality at the front end Skyworks adds more value while at the same time saving our customers development time and lowering their overall costs, a true win-win scenario.  Fourth and finally, we are executing operationally. Our world-wide operations team is intensely focused on continuing improvements in yields, in equipment efficiency, in cycle times and return on investment capital. We are extremely metrics driven within our Newberry Park, Mexicali and Woburn factories and have effectively implemented a hybrid manufacturing model leveraging multiple external foundries and partnerships. Now this unique approach allows us to maintain high internal capacity utilization by creating second sources for high-fixed cost services like foundry and like assembly. This model provides us with supply chain flexibility, lower overall capital investment, as well as the ability to meet upside demand. The benefits of this out-sourcing approach now three years in the making are beginning to show in our improving performance and the crossing of the 40% gross margin threshold last quarter, a key step to reaching our long-term profitability targets. So to recap, our second quarter performance demonstrates progress in our four initiatives. One, we are diversifying our company as we penetrate new adjacent markets and add new handset customers. Two, we are delivering higher margin products. Three we are capitalizing on the increase in front end module content and four we are executing operationally. I will now turn the call over to Don for his review.
Donald Palette: Thank you Dave. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter was $201.7 Million, up 12% year over year ahead of our guidance of $200 Million dollars and better than market seasonality. Gross profits for the quarter were $81.4 Million, or 40.3% of revenue, a 200 basis point year over year expansion, 50 basis point improvement sequentially, and better than our guidance for sequentially flat gross margin on a percentage basis. This performance is a testament to our focus on margin improvement. Our continuous expansion over the last four quarters reflects higher equipment and labor efficiencies at all of our factories; progress on yield improvement initiatives; double digit year over year material costs reductions. Operating expenses were $55.5 Million of which R&D expenses total $34 Million and SG&A costs were $21.5 Million. As a result, our operating income for the quarter was $25.9 Million up 47% year over year and representing a 13% operating margin. Our net interest income and other income for the quarter was $114,000, while taxes were $696,000 at approximately our 3% cash tax rate. Net income was $25.3 Million, yielding $.16 of earnings-per-share, 1 penny ahead of our consensus estimates. Now turning to the balance sheet.  We exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $228.5 Million. During the quarter we recorded $11.1 Million of depreciation, generated $40.4 Million in cash flow from operations, and invested $17.5 Million in demand driven capital expenditures. Primarily for FAB and assembly and test capacity. Successfully converting our improved earnings profile and business fundamentals into cash flow continues to be an area of emphasis for the Skyworks management team. As a result over the past three quarters alone we have generated $126 Million of cash flow from operations. Now to our business outlook for the third fiscal quarter. As Dave has underscored, based on new product ramps and leading handset customers and continued end-market diversification we are experiencing healthy demand and accelerating growth through continued crisp execution to our operating plan we expect to further expand both gross and operating margins. Assuming revenue of $210 Million which is incidentally a20% growth on a year over year basis we suggest modeling a gross margin of 40.5% and operating expenses slightly above $57 Million. Below the line we suggest modeling interest expense and income from offsetting one another, and $700,000 for taxes. In turn we intend to deliver $.17 of diluted earnings per share off a base of 163 million shares, a 55% year over year improvement in bottom line performance. To put our proved performance in better context it’s worth noting that in fiscal 2006 we reported $.21 of diluted earnings per share; in fiscal 2007 we posted $.48 for the entire year; and for the first six months of fiscal 2008 we’ve already delivered $.33 and by virtue of our guidance for $.17 cents this quarter we are now on a $.68 annual IDPS run rate. With further improvements in store during the back half of 2008 and into 2009 by every measure 2008 is off to an excellent start. That completes our prepared comments. Operator, please open the lines for the question and answer session.
Operator: Our first question will come from Ator Swandberg with Thomas Weisel. Actually we’ve opened up Aalok Shah. 
Aalok Shah- D.A. Davidson: Hi guys, can you hear me? Just a quick question for you. First on the margin front. You’ve hit the 40% kind of goal. Where do you think the stretch is now and where do you think we can end up by the end of the year? 
David Aldrich: We’ve hit 40.3% and we think the margins will pick up again in the June quarter, and we would expect as we continue to ship these higher margin, higher value-added products both in our handset and diversified linear products you will see some accretion in gross margin. So they will improve as we move throughout 2007. We have been encouraging you to think about a business that runs in the 42% gross margin range and about $250 Million in revenue and with an OperEx profile that grows much more slowly than revenue. We think that would get us into the very high teens in operating income as a percentage of sales.  
Aalok-Shah - D.A.Davidson: Thanks, Dave. And just a quick question on the front end module front, kind of tell us where you’re at, what the landscape looks like for you guys and where do you think you’re taking some shares? Is it mostly 3G side of things, I know you mentioned some SOC designs as well. Can you kind of share what’s going on in that space?
David Aldrich: Liam and I will kind of answer that question in tandem. First I would say the general trend that we outlined in the prepared comments is that we are learning as we engage our base band partners over a longer period of time that the SOC is driving some interesting specs and opportunity for more integrated front end modules on the low end. That’s a function of the base band integration with analog and essentially a CMOS process. On the higher end it is all about multiple frequencies and the challenge of filtering, switching, and amplifying across several bands if not many bands. So the general trend is higher Asps on the mid-to-high end, but an interesting emerging trend on the low end as well is a front end module not a simple, cheap, discreet PA. 
Liam Griffin: Right, and the diversity comment that Dave outlines is very important. We are shipping now to all the top tier OEMS and are in a great position to capture any of the share shifts that you may see across that market. 
Aalok Shah- D.A. Davidson: And are the BAW filters that you are shipping into these, or are these 
Liam Griffin: Well actually we have BAW, the majority of the products we have today in the FPM category are gallium arsenide products coupled with PHEMP switching. We are now folding in the internal BAW capabilities particularly in some of the WCDMA devices that you’ll see shipping this quarter and throughout the year. 
David Aldrich: And that’s particularly on the high end or the high band we find Bulk acoustic is a small and elegantly simple way to effectively filter at a low cost and high performance. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer. 
Ittai Kidron- Oppenheimer: Congratulations on good results. Dave, wanted to look a little bit closer at the sequential trends both from a historical going from a quarter back and also for your guidance going a quarter forward. With regards to the June guidance $210 Million- that’s only an eigth and change millionth sequential improvement. I am assuming that one or two million out of that is your linear business that continues with the step ups. Nokia keeps on ramping, another one to the very least. Is it fair to say that most of the other businesses you are expecting kind of flat? Can you go a little bit more color by the OEMs by which ones you expect to be a little bit more positive for you contributing in June versus where you are a little bit more cautious?
David Aldrich: I would say that it is our intent to be conservative incredible in our guidance, and so we attempt to that each and every quarter. So having said that as a back drop we are a little unique as we mentioned in the prepared comments we do think we are the only company today in high-volume production across all the OEM;s and most of the second tiers including some emerging Smartphone suppliers. So we didn’t decline as much in March, as you know we declined much less in our handset business than the market seasonality and this diversification is allowing us to actually be in a unique position where we clearly see and are no immune from OEM share-shifts. We see some OEMs are down, some OEMs are up, some OEMs are flat or right on target. The net effect though is that we seen and OEM lose a share, chances are at this point we are actually beginning to see a pick-up with another OEM. I think the general comment would be a combination of wanting to be prudent in our guidance in a choppy market, of being confidant in growth, of having high visibility to that guidance, and being quite diversified in the overall handset space. 
Ittai Kidron- Oppenheimer: Very good. So let me drill a little bit into that. Are you as optimistic as you’ve been a quarter ago about your ramp with Nokia, just considering the make-shift that they have suggested on their last earnings call with they see a little bit more of the low end being much more stronger and some softness on the high end where you guys have most of your design activity, correct me if I’m wrong. 
David Aldrich: Yeah, we appreciate the question. We really can’t get into the specific question about the customer that you outline but that’s our commitment to that company. But I will tell you that we are very bullish about the programs that we outlined last quarter, we continue to see share gains as we move throughout the year and we don’t see anything really that will impact our success as we’ve outlined in the past. 
Operator: Our next question is from Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree- Stifel Nicolaus: Hey guys, and congratulations. I know there is only a limited amount that you can say about Nokia, but obviously this has been the topic of conversation lately with not just yourselves but several larger players. Can you talk about where you’re making in-roads, whether it be 2G, 2.5G, 3G, is it across the board, do you have any geographic comments you can make there with Nokia?
Donald Palette : I think that without getting into customer specifics, where as we mentioned we have to honor those client confidentiality agreements, we are seeing strength in 2G and in Edge, we are seeing strength with our SOC-based bandwidth suppliers, and with the front-end modules, they are some pretty slick devices, both from a size footprint as well in overall performance and functionality. So we are seeing strength in the low end. Edge Wedge we did see a shift in the last quarter with a bit more of the mid-to-low end, a bit less of the high end, so we did see that occurrence in the market. But in general where we are seeing growth is in reference designs, with base-band companies like QUALCOMM, in markets where they in the past have been using perhaps somebody else’s wide- band CMA device, a competitors device, maybe they had a discreet quad-band Edge implementation, where now we’re offering a more complete RF Front End Systems so we’re seeing strength there. We’re seeing strength again at the very top tier OEMs as they migrate to their new highly customized multi-mode architectures while at the same time getting a little closer to the base band folks on the mid-to-low end where we’re kind of partnering into our R&D activities. So it’s bifurcating between a high-end and highly customized OEM driven front end for Wedge, and a system that’s custom designed with an SOC partner for the mid-to-low end. And that’s where we’re seeing the growth. 
Cody Acree- Stifel Nicolaus: Great, and then maybe staying at that high level, do you have obviously your gain share and obviously you’re having a lot of things that are ramping that are coloring your optimistic view. Can you take a step back and look at the wireless industry as a whole outside of maybe just what you are seeing and hearing maybe what your customers are saying, and comment on inventory health, demand trend health, and just the kind of backdrop you are participating in?
David Aldrich: Cody, I think that if you think about the market this way, our crystal ball is no better than our customers, obviously not as good, but we dial in around a 10% maybe better year over year overall unit growth. Typically that means maybe 10%012% or maybe 13% down in March. Now we were down less than that for some of those reasons we just cited, and then June maybe you get a half of that back, a few points back, and then September is usually a very strong quarter and December is obviously the very strongest quarter. We don’t see anything altering our view of that trend. We don’t see inventory issues out there that are worth mentioning, that are moving the dial at all. We do see OEM share-shifts and we have seen some infrastructure softness, we’ve seen some shift to the low end versus the high end, and of course we see that in our business and we factor that into our guidance. So overall I think pretty strong unit growth, but in the end the overall trend is going to be, we think, from a smaller subset of front end suppliers capturing a lot more dollar content simply driven by the need for scale for engineering capability, because these are complicated devices and manufacturing cost structures that allow you to support those road maps. So I think the overall trend will be a lot of top-tier volume being generated across virtually everybody as well as linear products portfolio that continues to grow sequentially.  
Donald Pallette: And the other thing to note here is that the emerging market trends are meaningful because they are adding a substantial subscriber base, and so the subscriber base now is well above 3 billion. It will approach 4 billion very soon, and those customers will then upgrade. So when we start to move into 3G in the next several years, the baseline for replacement rates goes way up.  
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder- Charter Equity Research: Thank you. Good quarter guys. Several housekeeping questions here. How large was linear on the quarter? I think you were looking at about 30% last quarter. Did we grow on that, or where are we on Linear? And what kind of contribution did you get from your free scale RF business, as well as anything at R.I.M. yet? I know that is following later in the year but how big was R.I.M. if anything, for you?
Donald Palette: Ed, this is Don. Linear Products was up slightly from Q1 to Q2 but it is roughly a quarter of the overall sales of the business which is consistent with what it was in Q1, so I don’t know where you got the 30% number. It’s roughly a quarter of the business.
David Aldrich: If I can add, you asked questions about Freescale, to refresh your memory we acquired Freescale for patents IP as well as some exclusive design rates into Motorola and Research in Motion. We are transitioning our Research in Motion designs from Freescale designs and factories to Skyworks as we speak. The real value is that it does increase our position at Research In Motion which was a real target strategic customer of ours, so we are seeing more business at Research in Motion. We were in a minority position a couple of quarters ago. We expect to be the majority, and across all standards, at Research in Motion by the June/September timeframe. 
Edward Snyder- Charter Equity Research: I guess maybe a sharper version of the same question, I wasn’t looking at what you acquired from Freescale, but the slots that you won at Motorola and Research In Motion are going to hopefully provide incremental sales opportunities that will generate incremental revenue, and it sounds like Research in Motion is going to be mid-year or later and what about Motorola? I know you had plug-and-play designs because you were second source to Skyworks on a lot of those designs, did any of that show up in this period, or should we just plan for that the second half of the year?
Liam K. Griffin: Right now those designs are still being ramped, so it’s more of a second half of the year impact, specifically with Motorola. They have outlined some of the Research in Motion portfolio and we’re seeing launches more toward the near term. 
Donald Palette: Motorola needed to work through some Freescale inventory that was part of the transaction. We didn’t take finished goods, so they have been doing that, and Research In Motion on the other hand was a faster conversion, really dictated by the recertification or requalification of their customers. So we saw some of that in this quarter, some more in June, and more again in September. I hope that answers the question.
Operator: Our next question is from Suji De Silva with Kaufman Brothers. And by accident there, we are returning to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity.
Edward Snyder- Charter Equity Research: Thanks, 10 % customers on the quarter, and Dave you are talking about long-term and much slower growth and effects on revenues that you get in the high double digits, is that 2009 type timeframe or should we start seeing that perhaps in the next quarter or two?
Donald Palette: The top 10% customers were Sony Ericsson, Samsung and Motorola. 
David Aldrich: With respect to that target of high teens, we are moving from the low to the mid teens as we speak, that’s a position we will step through here relatively quickly. We haven’t guided out that far Ed as you know, but if the market is going to be up maybe a little more than 10% we will grow faster than the market in 2008. We believe we will grow faster than the market in 2009, and we will continue to see the Linear Products chugging along with incremental and sequential revenues, so I think if you model it that way we expect to see sequential growth each quarter and in both of those businesses at something that’s something pretty materially higher than the overall market growth rate for the trends we have discussed. 
Operator: And we will go to Suji De Silva with Kaufman Brothers
Suji De Silva- Kaufman Brothers: Hi guys. Can you hear me now? So, real quick on the mix shift on the industry going from high=end to low-end, Dave how should we think about your content in low-end versus high-end, and particularly as Smart Phones start to wrap up here, maybe your content opportunities there as well?
David Aldrich: Well, I think that the content on the low-end, on the 2G CDMA for example, those parts had been driven to a pretty well fairly low cost structure- well sub-a-dollar. And when we think about the front-end module, they are well over a dollar, they are not two, but they are well over a dollar and when we move into Edge, which is mid and in some markets low-end, it’s in the $2-2.5- or .60, and wide band CDMA, depending on the number of bands. If it’s a band one with and Edge FPM it’s maybe a $3-3.50, and you can add a buck and a quarter or so, a buck thirty-five per band of wide-band CDMA depending upon the implementations. So it runs anywhere from $3.50 or so to as much as $6. 
Suji De Silva- Kauman Brothers: And would Smartphone’s be at the higher end there?
David Aldrich: It depends upon the network for the Smartphone. If the Smartphone is an Edge only it would be similar in that $2-3, if it is wide-band CDMA , designed to be a Worldphone it would be on the high end of that range, around $5 or so. It’s really not a lot different for us. It’s the same front end analog functionality, it’s just how many bands, how much filtering, how much switching, and how many bands of amplification are required in the system. 
Suji De Silva- Kaufman Brothers.: Ok, that is what I was getting at. And then also, on the mixed analog versus the handset part, where were the gross margins? And if you can’t discuss that quantitatively, what were the trends and what do you think the drivers are for each of the gross margins of the second?
Donald Palette: Well, we don’t disclose the margins segment, as we’ve consistently said the margins in our linear product business are ceded to the overall business, but clearly with 75% of our revenue coming from the handset market a lot of the improvement we are seeing operationally, both product yields, factory efficiencies and material costs all relate to the handset business. So we are seeing movement in both sides of this. It’s not just a mixed shift that’s driving this, its real operational improvement. We can’t move the margins in this direction without getting benefits in handsets as well. There’s really good performance on both sides. 
David Aldrich: I’ll give you an example, just as an anecdote. On the very low end, these front end modules have very attractive gross margins, we’ve been able to drive die-size low, we’ve been able to sweep in some analogue functionality, put it in a very small footprint with a low profile, which is very important, size and current consumption, very, very important. And it a misnomer and perhaps counter-intuitive that on the low end of the market that perhaps they would suffer and they would be poor margins. That’s not the case at Skyworks, we’re running a lot of scale, a lot of volume, highly vertically integrated for those particular devices including packaging, assembly and tests, and PHEMPT and AHP and for the margins, the margins are very strong, and we run some of those product yields that are in the high nineties. So we like that low-end, maybe counter-intuitive again, but we like the low-end a lot from a margins standpoint. 
Operator: Next question is from Sanjay Devankin with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devankin- Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on the quarter. Just a quick question first off, specifically on the Asian handset market, I was just wondering if you could provide us some color on how your relationship is with the incumbent suppliers and media techs from Asia. I know you have a garbled so if you could provide any color there I would really appreciate it. 
David Aldrich: Yes, absolutely. First of all we’re very focused on the impact market of China and also Taiwan, our relationship with MediaTek is also quite strong, we’ve developed a portfolio of low-end products much like Dave outlined, and include now for the most part, FPM’s that are gallium- arsenide products with a switch, ASP’s have come a bit on that, but their value has come up. We think the market for China is still going to be very strong this year, there was some volatility toward the end of December and into the early part of March, but the outlook looks very strong for the rest of the year. Spreadtrum is a smaller player as you know, doing more TD-SCDMA, we are working with them, the revenues are a bit smaller than MediaTek but also important an account to stay focused on, so we are bullish in that market that we think, as we mentioned, that the emerging segment is critical for the industry, and we’re well-positioned to capitalize. 
Sanjay Devankin – Morgan Stanley: Just a quick follow-up, if I may. On your linear products business, how should we view that long-term in terms of long-term growth? How do you view that just for modeling purposes. What kind of growth do you expect from that, year on year, or what is reasonable to expect from that business?
David Aldrich: That is a great question. That business has all been grown organically, we really began an intensified focus moving from what has been a wireless infrastructure business primarily into a more diversified set of end-markets, first with catalog standards and then into some identified adjacent markets, we’ve mentioned a few in our prepared comments. And back in early 2006 we were a little over $20 Million a quarter as I recall, 2007 we intersected $30 Million, late 2007 to early 2008 we exceeded $40 Million of revenue per quarter, and I think that by the time we get to the end of 2008 or early 2009 we will be intersecting with $50 Million a quarter, or a $200 Million run rate. So that’s the way we’re thinking about that business. It’s a lot of singles and doubles, not the $20 Million orders you get in the handset, but the life cycles are just so long and the margins are so good, no particular socket has a great deal of competition when you designed it in, there’s no incentive to design you out of product life-cycle, so that’s the way these analog franchises grow revenue, is that you add new markets and new customers with very little concentration either on the customer side or on the product side. That’s exactly what our linear products business looks like today. I hope that is helpful.
Operator: And our next question is from Stephen Ferranti with Stephens, Inc.
Stephen Ferranti: Hey guys, this is Neil for Steve. Gross margins were impressive in the quarter. How would you weight the impact of factors driving improvement in gross margins for the quarter?
Donald Palette: The primary driver, as we said, has really been our ability to continue to execute operationally. We’ve got a pretty nice progression four quarters in a row of margin improvement and if you step back and look at it, it’s really been our ability to continue to focus on improving yields, focus on driving – we typically drive about double digit material cost reductions year over year, that’s continued to go very well. And we continue to focus on our efficiencies in our factories, all those things are continuing to pay dividends. That’s really, that drew the lion share of the increase in the quarter, the focus in that area. Now we also get into a nice benefit, Dave’s comments talked about that, the hybrid manufacturing model, and one of the things that provides us flexibility, that provides us upside ability to ramp with having those partners on the outside, but what it really also does is it keep our factory utilization very, very high. And that’s another way for us to continue to drive margin improvement in the company. So, it’s really operational execution. That’s what drove it.
Stephen Ferranti with Stephens, Inc.: Ok, there’s one more quick follow-up. You guys talked a little bit about the transition into the six-inch Wafer, can you talk about how we can expect that transition to impact profitability going forward? 
David Aldrich: We are well on the way, the transition will be completed sometime in 2009. We have in fact, you’ll notice that Don talked about the $126 Million of cash flow from operations and increasing net cash in the last few quarters, we’ve been doing that while paying for the six inch Wafer equipment, so much of that is in and is being installed as we speak. So the extent that it has a margin impact, it is having a margin impact now. And that would be as measured by the need to create room for space and the cost associated with beginning to ramp those processes. So we’ve factored that into our model and so I don’t think you will see a reduction in gross margin driven by the six inch. Now when we come out of the other in of six inch we will have lowered our die costs by a little bit over 20%. And we’ll get a step functional capacity and with that hybrid model that means we will be able to pull in volumes so that we can increase our utilization in line with that increase in capacity while at the same time keeping our foundry partners healthy, so that’s the goal. You are seeing the impact now, and you’ll see the benefit in mid 2009 or so.
Operator: Our next question is from James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James Faucette- Pacific Crest: Thanks very much. I just wanted to go back to your 10% customers as a group etc. Obviously there has been a little bit of movement there particularly since Samsung is coming in now as a 10% customer. How should we think about the opportunities over the course of the rest of this year into 2009? Do you think we will see new names among those 10% customer lists, or some movement there, or I guess I am trying to get a feel for your opportunities for new customers to be significant contributors?
David Aldrich: Yeah James, that is a great question. Let me start by saying we absolutely expect to add 10% names to the list. If you look at our internal view we believe that by the end of the calendar year we should have at least four of the top five OEMs in the 10% counts for Skyworks. Obviously growth is continuing with each and every one of those accounts. We are focused on those. The three that Don mentioned are very important and there are several new ones that we expect to be adding to that list. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Kvaal with Lehman.
Jeff Kvaal- Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much guys. I was wondering if you would comment a little bit about the balance sheet? In particular, I would like to ask about inventories, which are off a little bit this quarter?
Donald Palette: Sure Jeff, this is Don. We in our internal forecasts we fully anticipate an inventory build, and it was really based on customer demands for product going into the third quarter, so nothing unusual about it but us ramping opportunities externally. 
David Aldrich: And I think as Don pointed out in his guidance we guided for June but we are seeing evidence of visibility for an accelerating growth prospect as we move throughout 2008 as these new customers come on line and some of these new analog products ramp into production. So we are just getting prepared for that. 
Jeff Kvaal- Lehman Brothers: Ok, so should we expect for the inventories to come down again in the June quarter, or in the September quarter?
Donald Palette: I would model it relatively flat. I wouldn’t expect a reduction. We are now going into a different revenue profile. 
Jeff Kvaal- Lehman Brothers: Ok, so I would expect inventories to be up, but inventory days should stay at this new level?
Donald Palette: Oh yes, we are managing to the same turn number. That’s our job to make sure the turns don’t drop. 
Jeff Kvaal- Lehman Brothers: Ok, so inventory turns targeted around six times?
Donald Palette: That’s our internal target. 
Jeff Kvaal- Lehman Brothers: Ok. Fantastic. And then, also Dave you talked a little bit about a choppy environment, I was wondering if you wouldn’t mind spending a little bit more time talking about that?
David Aldrich: Sure, we have seen some share-shifts on our customer base, and when we see that, that creates some choppiness. I think that hopefully you are getting the sense that as we increase our penetration across a broader set of customers we are beginning to see pushes and pulls or ups and downs with different customers and I think that our goal is to be as diversified a proxy for wireless handset for that segment of our business as we can. That still means we’ll see choppiness as OEM share shifts. That’s what we mean. We also saw more Edge and 2G product than we expected and a little less of 3G product than we expected, although the visibility is that that is an altered materially over the next several quarters. But that is some of the choppiness to which we were referring. 
Operator: Our next question is from [Jeroen Bas] from UBS.
Jeroen Bos- UBS: I just wanted to get more information on the previously answered question. Can you quantify the compilation of , Is it more towards analog, or more towards handset.
Donald Palette: It’s more towards handset.
Jeroen Bos- UBS: Ok thanks. And previously you talked about improvement on your 2G Forex? Just wondering where that it and when do you expect to get to 90+%?
David Aldrich: We’ve been running in our 2G products, the yields are very high, into the nineties, and the 3G products depending on where they are in the ramp. We typically see a learning curve where at early introduction we really hit the center of the design we may launch in the seventies, if not we may launch in the sixties. But we quickly move into the eighties and then through test work and optimization of the design we are able to move it into the nineties and ultimately well into the nineties. So we’ve been pretty predictable I would say in 3G we are firmly in the eighties and in some products we are in the nineties.
Jeroen Bos- UBS: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from Nator Swansberg with Thomas Weisel.
Nator Swansberg- Thomas Weisel Partners: For the first question, you talked about some lumpiness due to your end customers and market share shift. How does that relate to your reference partners? Are you seeing some lumpiness there as well, or is that still quite stable?
David Aldrich: Well, with regard to the reference partners those are engagements that are done at kind of a high level, long term relationship and those designs get ported out to multiple OEMs. So I think that from a reference partnership viewpoint things have never looked better for Skyworks. We are doing quite well with TI, QUALCOMM, and MediaTek. We have mentioned before and there are several others that we are working on, so I don’t think the order flow within a given quarter really has much to do with the reference partners. Those are long term engagements. They have never looked brighter and we continue to be a valuable part of their overall solution. 
Nator Swansberg- Thomas Weisel Partners: And then on the analog business you mentioned some of the new areas that you are penetrating, but if we look at that business that’s a quarters revenues today what are some of the bigger components of that where we stand today?
David Aldrich: It’s actually becoming more and more diversified every quarter. We do have a core base business in wireless infrastructure. We started adding new markets such as automotive in the last several quarters, and automotive was a meaningful part of our business this last quarter. We started working on engagements with companies that do energy management or meter reading systems. We started working on medical. So it’s a number of new markets that are becoming quite diversified and not any one segment represents more than 20% of the overall portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Kellar with Merril Lynch
Mark Kellar- Merril Lynch: Hi, good afternoon guys. I was wondering if you could give me your current mix between in sourced and outsourced manufacturing and what the utilization rate is currently.
David Aldrich: Roughly 80/20 in our foundries. In our assembly it is perhaps a little bit less than 20% is out-sourced and our utilization is running in the eighties in PHEMP. In HBT it is fluctuating a little bit. It is impacted by the six inch conversion that we have been talking about. We like to run in the 90% range as long as we’ve got a fully qualified copy-exact partner for those processes. That is our goal. We are not there in PHEMPT, we are closer than that in HBT. And we are there in assembly and testing. 
Mark Kellar- Merril Lynch: And any change to your tax rate at this point? Still running in the 2-3% range on a non-GAAP basis? Any change to that going forward?
Donald Palette: We talked a little more in detail about this in the last call. With the tax valuation allowance in the books the rules require us to look at every quarter. There is no change at this point and time. We are going to continue to look at that. WE have about $185 Million of NOLs on the books, so for modeling purposes this year and next year we continue to use about 3% cash tax rate. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Ellis with Citi
Craig Ellis- Citi: Just a couple of questions as far as the pricing environment. First of all can you talk a little bit about the pricing trend in the March quarter? And your expectations going forward in the June quarter relative to the norm?
David Aldrich: With respect to pricing it really is a difficult question to answer. The portfolio has so many components and there’s blended ASPs. But basically we are seeing the pricing environment stabilizing a little bit here as we exited March and we entered into the back half of the year, and for Skyworks specifically we have a few unique advantages in bringing in some of our technology such as PHEMPT and BAW Filter to create a blended solution that is quite differentiated and offers very high value to the customer. I think that it is the increase in value that is doing the most for us in terms of stabilizing pricing.
Craig Ellis- Citi: Ok, so just to follow up on that, given the diversification programs you have talked about in your prepared remarks, and also your comment on the Asian market, could you give us a sense of your pricing outlook for calendar 2008 relative to 2007 which I believe was down in the single digits? 
David Aldrich: This is a handset centered question versus linear products, I take it?
Craig Ellis- Citi: Let’s start with handset.
David Aldrich: Ok, let me try and give you a little bit of color. Before the move to some of the low-end phones that began to adopt the front end module technology the ASP erosion had been about 15% a year. I would say that was the case in 2005and 2006. The shift began to occur in 2007, thus in 2007 you saw single digit, in some cases low single digit ASP erosion. It was a combination of the front end modules just declined less. That blended with some of the older designs in 2G. As we are going through 2008 and 2009, the actual ASPs are quite healthy in these new multi-mode designs and they are stabilizing on the low end by virtue of these more complicated PHEMS. So I think the blended ASP for us on product-to-product basis again will be in the single digits, if you look at it product to product, it will be in the single digits, perhaps the mid-single digits. But at the end of the day we are actually seeing an increase in our overall average ASP as we shift more PHEMs, more linear products and less of the older simplified 2G solutions. So that’s what we mean by a more stable pricing environment.
Operator: And our final question will be a follow up from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron- Oppenheimer: Just a little bit more focus on cash. Don, can you talk a little bit about your CapEx plan for the year? And Dave, you are starting to have a different problem of lots of cash, has the thought of a buy-back ever crossed your mind? Or how close are we to doing an M&A deal that expands your linear business?
Donald Palette: As you know we spend almost $20 million in Q1 in capital, $17.5 this quarter. We would expect capital spending to be roughly in line, maybe down a little bit, to what you just saw in Q2 and Q3. And then a little bit of a drop into Q4. So remember we are continuing to invest in six inch, we are investing in.. the CapEx that we invest in assembly and testing in Mexicali because you have square footage available pays for itself in a relatively short period of time and it’s a real nice lever to continue to margin improvements. So hopefully that gives you a view of CapEx. And you’re right, what we’re really doing a good job of here is the improved business model effectively converting that to cash. And you are right the balance sheet’s getting a lot stronger. We believe our currency is significantly undervalued. We are looking at a stock buy-back but we haven’t committed to do that yet but it is something we are continuing to look at. And I think Dave wants to address the M&A question.
David Aldrich: I think the M&A, if you live long enough and you do enough deals you know just how perilous they can be. So I must say that we would only even consider an M&A deal that was so overwhelmingly creating shareholder value and low risk that our hurdle is so high that we have nothing on the horizon, but clearly it is an option for us but we are really quite conservative on the M& A front. 
Ittai Kidron- Oppenheimer: Ok. We’ll take it as buy-back then. 
Operator: This concludes today’s question and answer session. I would like to turn return the call to Dave Aldrich for any additional closing comments. 
David Aldrich: Thank you so much for participating and on behalf of the entire Skyworks team, thank you and we look forward to updating you next quarter.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-01-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Schiller – Investor Relations Dave Aldrich – Chief Executive . Officer, Pres Don Palette – Chief Financial Officer and VP Liam Griffin – Sr. VP of Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Amit Kapur – Piper Jaffray Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research Sujin daSilva - Kaufman Brothers Aaron Hashaq - Morgan Stanley Todd Koffman – Raymond James Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co. Jeff Caval - Lehman Brothers Jaroon Boss - UBS James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities Aalok Shah – Credit Suisse Craig Ellis – Citigroup Pierre Maccagno – Needham & Company Brian Murdock – Georgia Bank Mike Burton – Think Equity Partners
Operator: Welcome to the Skyworks Solutions First Quarter of 2008 Earnings Conference call. Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tom Schiller, Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Schiller, please go ahead.
Tom Schiller: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Skyworks Fiscal First Quarter of 2008 Conference Call. With me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with the business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your question. Please note that our comments today are statements relating to future results that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to those noted in our earning’s release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that the results and guidance we will discuss today are from our pro forma income statement consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dave for his comments on the quarter.
Dave Aldrich: Welcome everyone. Today, we announced our first fiscal quarter 2008 and I am pleased to report that we delivered solid performance in the December quarter with our team’s focus on operational execution translating into improvements in profitability. Our increasing diversification in the new markets, coupled with content gains in the handset front-end modules fueled double digit top line growth and expanding margins as well as both record earnings per share in cash flow generation. Specifically during the quarter, we grew our top line 11% sequentially to over $210 million. We expanded our gross margins to nearly 40%. We have posted $29 million of operating income, this is up 26% sequentially. It represents nearly a 14% operating margin. We delivered EPS of $0.17 and we have generated $55 million of cash flow from operations. At the highest level, our performance continues to reflect the fundamental shift taking place in our business. Frankly and based on many of your recent many investor comments, I do not believe we have adequately communicated to investors just how significantly Skyworks has evolved over the past couple of years, so as a result, I would like to spend just a few minutes today outlining the transformation that is occurring within our company. Now, for many of you, if you have followed us at the time of the launch of Skyworks or at the time of the merger in 2002, Skyworks was at that time a digital-base pan and primarily a 2G CDMA and GSM power amplifier company. Since that time, we have aggressively focused on four initiatives. First, we are continuing to diversify Skyworks. We are leveraging our catalog business, our world-wide distribution network and we are expanding into a broader set of end-market including broadband, industrial, medical, computing, wireless networking, cellular infrastructure and to give you just a sense for the scale of our business, we are not supporting around 1000 customers. And we have a little over 2500 skews. And in fact, in 2007, we introduced well over 100 new analog solutions. At the same time, we are expanding our customer footprint in existing key accounts via forward analog integration. In applications like satellite set-top boxes, notebook computers, cellular base stations, wireless routers, and this is just to name a few. And even within our handset business, we are also aggressively diversifying. Now back in 2005, we were supporting three of the top five cellular OEMs with custom products. Whereas today, we are shifting higher value EDGE, wEDGE FEMs to each and every one of the top five handset suppliers. So in other words, we have been diversifying our business within both our linear products and handsets. The second initiative is that we have been delivering and developing higher margin products. With the introduction of a host of new innovative solutions, we have created a portfolio that is not characterized by not only longer product life cycles and in some cases annuity like revenue streams, but also higher contribution margin. This transition is occurring on multiple fronts, first, standard catalog products, high margin, and diverse-stand catalog products; second, custom analog and RF solutions in multiple markets and obviously multi mode front modules in handsets. Just as a marker in fact, our linear products application specific products typically carry contributions above 70%. Now across the board, both our handset and newer linear product customers place a high value on architectures that help them reduce size, that help them resolve noise problems in many applications, in many cases, they are looking to reduce the bill material complexity and otherwise, enable their competitive differentiation. So just another way, we are delivering higher margins in both our linear products business and in our handset business. Now our third initiative, we have been capitalizing on the increase in handset front-end module content. The migration to 3G multi-mode whether it is EDGE, wEDGE, wide band CDMA, wireless phones and platforms from voice centric phones just a couple of years ago is accelerating. With this trend, the complexity in the front end significantly increased, and this expands our addressable content by as much as three times or threefold. And the reason for this content growth in front-end modules, I think is relatively straightforward. A couple of examples, multiple bands are typically required ot facilitate backward compatibility to multiple standards. Now, data services are simply not available in all areas, as an example, in London, if you drive just a few miles outside of the city, you will lose 3G signal. These phones therefore handoff from an EDGE to a GSM signal, multiple bands. The simultaneous transmission of voice and data may not sound like a big deal and it is a new requirement in more and more handsets, the issue is even while in data mode, the phone is required to negotiate with a base station on an ongoing basis for potential incoming calls. The receiver is always on. The receiver is always drawing current. This is not the case in the 2G. These newer phones by their very nature require true broadband access for applications like music, data, and video. Signal integrity therefore is essential and it is essential in all forms of data communications, signal integrity. And this is no small feat in a mobile environment. So the integration of these various bands for reliable high-speed access requires very complex modules which must remain at the same time physically small, they must remain very power-efficient as more features are crammed into the same volume. And they need to be obviously cost-effective that needs to be valued. They need to deliver value to our customers. And this complexity is creating an incremental RF market opportunity measured in the billions of dollars. And at the same time, because of the complexity, the competitive landscape is narrowing with fewer and fewer suppliers able to support both the technical requirements and the manufacturing scale required by the leading handset OEMs. Now this dynamic is in stock contrast to 2G, as the very real side benefit of stabilizing the industry’s pricing environment. Now, our fourth and final initiative is we are executing and we are extremely focused on operational fundamentals. Our manufacturing team is intensely focused on continuous improvements in our product yields, the utilization of our equipment, our equipment efficiency at all times and in return on all invested capital. Towards these end, our established hybrid manufacturing model and that is multiple external boundaries, allows us to maintain very high internal capacity utilization by creating second sources for high fixed cost services like boundary, like assembly. And this approach provides us supply chain flexibility, it provides us with lower overall capital investment and the ability to meet to our customer’s outside demand. I think most importantly, this model gives us a gross margin advantage and is enabling us further improvements in helping our financial returns. Okay, to recap, the four initiatives that are transforming our business is that we are driving to further diversify across both handsets and linear products. We are delivering more and more high margin products. We are capitalizing on the increasing content, and we are focusing on operational fundamentals to improve higher margins. And just to switch gears for a moment and looking a bit further into the future, you are going to begin to see Skyworks expand into additional new markets, adjacent markets, new opportunities, while leveraging the very same core technologies. As an example, we have intensified our focus on the emerging energy management space. Considering that there are 2.5 billion households and business world-wide that employ manual gas, water, power and meter readings, there is pent up demand by many service providers for an economic RF solution that can provide real time usage reporting, and just recently, we have developed a product and we have been awarded a strategic win with a custom-solution with one of the largest energy service providers in the United States. Next is another example that we have now introduced 4G WiMAX in FEMTO. FEMTO sells solutions with Samsung as our lead customer. FEMTO cells are small cellular base stations designed for residential and small business. Now these small base stations provide better coverage and solve very real time signal coverage and capacity issues. Now this an interesting and I think an exciting opportunity for us given that there are some estimates that world-wide FEMTO cell subscriptions are expected to surpass a hundred million end-users over the next several years. This represents a market opportunity for FEMTO cell devices in the measure of billions of dollars. Another example where we are especially excited by our growth aspects within the highly diverse automotive sector. Here we are seeing a dramatic rise in addressable opportunities is cars increasingly come equipped with keyless entry systems, with global positioning, climate control, engine and tire sensors, Bluetooth, digital receivers as well as after market toll tags, and this content increases in hybrid vehicles. Given our 6949 quality certification, we have began to capture several wins with customers and some of those customers today include DELFI, Siemens, Johnson Controls and garment. Now each of these three examples represent the intersection, and I think hopefully quite simple, the intersection of high growth, high margin market opportunities with what we do well in the analog and RF domain. So in summary, the Skyworks team is intensifying focus on our areas of strength, namely linear products and handset RF end-markets. With our innovative product portfolio, with our strong customer engagements, and with our dedication to operational fundamentals, we believe we could continue to outgrow our addressable markets. We believe, we will continue to further expand our gross in our operating modules. I would like to now turn this over to Don for his financial review.
Don Palette: Revenue for the first fiscal quarter was $210.5 million dollars, up 11% sequentially and $3.5 million dollars better than our guidance. Gross profit for the quarter was $83.8 million or 39.8% of revenue and 40 basis points sequential expansion and 130-basis point improvement year over year. Our continuous improvement over the last four quarter reflects the following: Enhanced product mix is multi mode, FEMs and linear products become an increasing part of business, higher equipment efficiency and in fact, utilization, progress on yield improvement initiatives and double digit year-over-year material cost reductions. You may not realize this, but at Skyworks, each and every function, department and operating location has monthly, weekly and in some cases, daily improvement initiatives with very specific metrics that aggregate to our profit growth targets. We have structured these metrics to clearly tie to incentive plans and align with shareholder value creation. We believe this attention to detail is helping to drive our margin improvements. Going back to the income statement, operating expenses were $55.2 million of which R &D expenses totaled $32.9 million and SG&A cost were $22.3 million. As a result, our operating incomes for the quarter was $28.6 million, up 26 % sequentially and representing a 13.6% operating margin. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $158,000.00 while taxes were $568,000.00 reflecting a 2% cash tax rate. Net income was $27.9 million yielding a record $0.17 of earnings per share, one penny ahead of consensus estimates. Now, turning to the balance sheet. We exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents as well as short term investments of $207 million. During the quarter, we recorded $11 million of depreciation, generated a record $55 million in cash flow from operations, invested $19.1 million in demand driven capital expenditures primarily for fab and assembly and test capacity, acquired a free scales PAFEM portfolio, related IP and inventory as well as 16 fundamental HBT and RF amends patents developed by the Rockwell Science Center for roughly $30 million. Retired $49 million of convertible debt and in the process reduced our share base. Now, to our business outlook for the second fiscal quarter. As Dave outlined earlier, but executing on our diversification strategy, we expect to largely offset the seasonally low March quarter with growth from our linear product’s portfolio and handset multi-mode content gains. Assuming revenue of $200 million, we anticipate maintaining gross margins at 39.8% with operating expenses at Q1 levels, just above $55 million. Below the line, we suggest modeling a hundred thousand dollars for interest expense and $500,000.00 for taxes. In turn, we plan to deliver $0.15 of diluted earnings per share off a base of 163 million diluted shares. To put our improved performance outlook in better context, in fiscal 2006, we recorded $0.21s of diluted earnings per share. In fiscal 2007, we posted $0.48 of diluted earnings per share. Based on today’s guidance, we are on track to deliver $0.32 for the first six months of fiscal 2008 or $0.64 annualized run rate. And given the trends we have outlined today, we anticipate an even stronger second half of fiscal 2008. By every measure, our year is off to an excellent start and we look forward to updating you on our progress. That completes our prepared comments.
Operator: (Operator Instructions.) Our first question will come from Amit Kapur from Piper Jaffray.
Amit Kapur – Piper Jaffray: Thanks a lot guys and congratulations on the strong quarter. Maybe we could just start off, obviously there is a lot of debate out there in terms of the nature of the macro environment, maybe if you could give your view on what you see in terms of levels of handset inventory out there? What kind of your orderly times were doing exit in 2007?
Dave Aldrich: There are areas of weakness. We have seen some areas in China for example on the low end, some pockets of infrastructure, a couple of customers are soft. Unfortunately, we were ramping while weighing in a couple of others that are very strong even in the infrastructure requirement, although, I mean I must say that there has been nothing significant enough to move the dial overall at Skworks. In our case, we are seeing strength from our linear products. We are seeing this average blended ASP content increase to begin to become a reality such that our ASPs are increasing in handsets and as you know, we are ramping some new customers we have acquired over the last six to nine months. We do see pockets of weakness and some choppiness. I think overall, the handset industry is relatively strong and we are picking up share.
Amit Kapur – Piper Jaffray: Great, maybe could you give us a sense of what linearity was during the December quarter, was it pretty normal?
Liam Griffin: Linearity was actually pretty normal for us as Dave outlined. We have very good position now across each of the top five OEMS that we had good visibility exiting the quarter, and visibility looks decent now as we move into the market.
Operator: (Operator instructions.) We will next go to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Thanks a lot, good quarter. Obviously, there is a lot of chatter that says about the macro environment, you mentioned China was an area of weakness. We had BAMI (ph) from Antidigits and Ralph on TriQueen (ph) on an investor call yesterday, both seemed kind of upbeat about the end market strength in sheer gains, but clearly that everybody had given their share on the quarter and we are hearing about some relatively large share shifts especially in CEMA, so you mentioned you were picking up share, could you give us some kind of indication where you think you are gaining share, what technology, what OEMs and who are you gaining it from? And then also, you have done really well at the largest handset OEM, have you leveraged your position there from 3G into their EDGE GSM businesses, or are you almost exclusively just 3G there?
Dave Aldrich: Let me comment on a couple, first, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we are shipping EDGE and WB and CDMA to all of our top-tier customers. So we do not have customers that are buying just EDGE or just WB and CDMA, at least not among the top tier. And the reason for that is pretty simple. There is a real advantage to coupling the complicated filter and the multi-throw switch, the logic and control that drives in most cases multiple events of EDGE and then in Asia, you have bands, one, two, three or four bands of WB and CMDA, so there is a real current consumption size overall bill to material cost advantage. So most of these solutions are highly proprietary in custom, and they are a real win-win for OEM customers, so that is the answer there. When we are seeing share gains is because we are now a pretty broad proxy as I mentioned in the prepared comments a couple of years ago, we are shipping to three of the five top customers. We are now shipping to all five and we are shipping all modulations to all five virtually. Right now, we are beginning to see real growth as the industry increases and as the average content as there is more EDGE in 3G, the average content moves a dollar or two as opposed to several dollars a phone, so the blended that duck-tailing in of higher dollar content is causing us the increase. So we are taking share by virtue of the fact that there are a few and discrete solutions and we have swept in more functions. We are taking share by shipping to all five and of course linear products as an area of growth for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Sujin daSilva with Kaufman Brothers.
Sujin daSilva - Kaufman Brothers: Congratulations on the quarter. You talked about the share gains. Can you talk about among the top five, which one do you think has the best share gain opportunity as we look at ’08?
Dave Aldrich: What is tough for us to get into that kind of granularity, I think the phenomena of htier being more content is not specific to any one customer, so I believe that we will see a blended ASP increase as all of the top tiers are moving from a mix of emerging market low end as well as EDGE and WB-CDMA to varying degrees, so that phenomena includes across all customers. Clearly, the OEMs are sum-gaining from others, and so as we see that overall market dynamic, it were not pretty as I have said, pretty broad proxy for the overall industry an we would to see those OEMs who are gaining share as those OEMs gain share, that shifts some of our volume from OEM A to OEM B.
Sujin daSilva - Kaufman Brothers: Okay, great. That helps, and then, just one quick follow up. You have done well with Apple and some of the new products with the iPhone. Do you have any update on the opportunities there are they refresh their product lines or perhaps some of the computing products that they have currently?
Don Palette: Oh yes, absolutely. With respect to Apple as you may know, we really cannot speak in detail about that company, but we certainly pursue opportunities with all the major players both in notebook computing and also handsets and we encourage you guys to do your tier-downs and gain your insights from there.
Sujin daSilva - Kaufman Brothers: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Aaron Hashaq with Morgan Stanley.
Aaron Hashaq - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks for taking my questions. I am happy to hear you guiding dollars flat in the March quarter, is that something that you think kind of hold it to your flat or just let growth beyond that even as you continue to grow the business in the second half of Fiscal ’08 or how much gross should we look for?
Don Pallette: I would expect that there will be some slight growth. If you look at our expense base, most of those cost are fixed, we have a great model in place that allows us certainly to leverage very effectively operating expenses, but there are some minor variable causes associated with some commissions and some volume related expenses, but I would say, you would not want to model any significant increases in our expenses on a go-forward basis.
Aaron Hashaq - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then as you look at the factors that are better than normal seasonality in the March quarter, the share gains and the MediaTek, the ramp of your new tier one customers and some of the transitions to find the modules and Motorola low-end, which do you say is the biggest factor helping you offset seasonality.
Don Palette: Let me give the top two or three, one is in these newer applications with these adjacent markets and non-handsets. It is less seasonality, so what we are seeing is a quarter where we are typically think of handsets as being seasonal, the markets were addressing either if they are seasonal and maybe a different season or they are not seasonal at all, so that scenario where we tend not to see that seasonality and as that business has grown, that has become a bigger impact for us. I would say the second is that we are beginning to see displacement of our business on the 2G side with more and more EDGE and more and more WB-CDMA where we sweep in the filters and switches, so I think you are starting to see that creep from relatively simple dual band power amplifier to a relatively complex multi-mode FEM, I would say that is number two.
Operator: Our next question is then from Todd Koffman with Raymond James.
Todd Koffman – Raymond James: Yes, just with regard to the weakness you have seen in Asia, can you give any more quantification on that since the number of other vendors has talked about that as well.
Don Palette: Let me try to clarify that. I mean, it is obviously, I will use the word choppy for lack of a better word, I would say that what we are seeing today in China frankly is we have a large customer called MediaTek in China, they have lots of customers that are indigenous to the local branded OEMs within China and one of the things that we are seeing is that the supply chain constraints, we have been looking to fill and I think an underserved customer there, by filling that void. We have been scaling up for that customer and working very hard to gain design wins and the challenge for us is to make sure that is a permanent share gain, and so that has been our goal and those are the discussions that we have been having with that customer. So, while I look at China, I think, the end handset sales across the industry are strong. Again, there is some choppiness and that is one area where it is difficult to handicap it or take a beat on it because you are seeing some constraints and some share shift, which makes it difficult to quantify, but again, I do not believe it is a major issue. I do not believe there are major pockets of inventory and our business in China, for ’08 looks frankly quite strong.
Operator: Our next question, you will have to help me on your first name, last name is Kidron in Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: Congratulations on a good quarter. I had a couple of questions, Don, first to you. What are you now starting to generate, how should we think about your net interest income for the quarter going forward, and Dave, can you comment on what would be seasonality for the handset market in your opinion as you hear it from your customers on an aggregate basis, of course on December to March, that will be interesting to hear.
Don Palette: Where we have been running right now and it has not had the cash balance at this point has not had a material impact on that is that we have a net interest expense and interest income of about 100K a quarter that is running. You can start ramping that up a little bit as we move out to the year, but it is not a real material number for us at this point in time. Should not have much of an impact on your model, we do not expect that that is going to change dramatically.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: But this quarter though, I am missing $50 million off your balance sheet, if you generated $55 million, your cash balance went down almost offset by $49 million that you paid. Where is the outlook that you generated?
Don Palette: We had the free scale acquisition as well as some selected patents and that was around $30 million. That is the biggest piece of that.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co.: And Dave, if we go to the markets?
Dave Aldrich: I think a couple of OEMs have reported at this point, as you know there is a lot of information that will be coming in shortly for December of quarter end sales, from where we sit, the hub holes for us were strong, the visibility is quite good. The order of linearity was about what we expected, so I would think you are looking at 10% or so sequential unit decline and there is some pockets I think accreting customers look very strong. Our tier ones, the larger customers tend to be more typically seasonal, and in our case, China, we discussed why we are filling a need, and we have some very new entrance, there are some new customers for us REM being one and we are starting to see some of those customers. Actually, they look quite strong in the market. So it is a bit of a mixed bag, but I cannot do any better, roughly the seasonality in the 10% range.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Caval with Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Caval - Lehman Brothers: I was wondering if you would refresh us a little bit on how your long-term margin structure is developing? Previously, you said mid-40s margins and the $250 million quarter range.
Don Palette: Jeff, if you are referring to the business model that we talked about last quarter. I mean, I think first of all, if you take a look at where we have been on the last three or four quarters, we are making consistent progress on the margin front and we are very positive about that and it is really, from the product cost side, it is really being able to execute and focus on the blocking and tackling of margin improvement. It is the material cost that we have been delivering the double digit material cost out year-over-year. We are continuing improved product yields and we will continually improve the efficiencies and productivity in the factory. Those things coupled with the volume, we feel very, very comfortable that we are going to be able to deliver margins in the low 40s and that is what the business model is based on and it will remind everybody, the model is about $240 million to $250 million in revenue about 42% margin, 23% office expenses which gets to about an 18% return. That is our internal target.
Dave Aldrich: And our goal is how do we drive that to 20-points of operating income, we can see 18 and that is sort of doing the things we are doing today and our goal is through more linear products to continue to focus, can we get that number to 20% and that is what we have targeted ourselves internally.
Jeff Caval - Lehman Brothers: And then could I ask what the mix of linear was in this quarter?
Dave Aldrich: Both of our segments grew from the prior quarter and our linear mix is roughly consistent with what it was in the prior quarter and it is roughly 25% linear and 75% handset.
Jeff Caval - Lehman Brothers: And are you guys talking about the margin structure inside the linear business?
Dave Aldrich: No, we do not disclose that. The margin structures are created by the overall results and that is the specific margins on that segment.
Jeff Caval - Lehman Brothers: Would you consider doing so at some point in the future?
Dave Aldrich: It is difficult for us, Jeff because we said in the prepared comments that the contribution margins are over 70%, but remember these products are using the same core technologies as our handset business, so we operate them in our same assembly facilities, our same external boundaries and internal boundaries, so for us, it is really a blend on the supply chain side. The pricing tends to be higher to the contribution margin is 10 to 15 points higher. But we really do not segment our business in terms of the full absorbed gross margin all the way through.
Jeff Caval - Lehman Brothers: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks very much, Dave.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jaroon Boss with UBS.
Jaroon Boss - UBS: Congratulations on a good quarter. Two quick questions, can you maybe talk about linear into the March quarter what you feel there should represent in terms of total revenues, and as a follow up any assessments that you can mention for the quarter.
Don Palette: With respect to linear, we actually see linear going into March about flat. It will not be subject to the seasonality that we see in handsets. We are seeing some dynamics within LP moving around. There are some infrastructure share shift. Erickson has been a little bit light, but it has always picked up. We have also diversified into a number of new markets as Dave outlined, energy management, satellite set-top boxes an others, but linear, at this point, it looks pretty strong going into March. It should be roughly flat sequentially.
Jaroon Boss - UBS: Okay, great, and any 10% costs that you have mentioned?
Dave Aldrich: For the quarter, we had Sony Erickson and Samsung were both above 10% and Motorola was just slightly below 10% for the quarter.
Jaroon Boss - UBS: And a very quick follow up, amortization in the quarter jumped to 1.9 because of the free select positions, any new run rate we should model?
Dave Aldrich: Correct! Two million a quarter. That is directionally correct for the balance of the year, yes.
Operator: Our next question if from James Fawcett with Pacific Crest.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: I just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions that have already been posed. First of all, as far as the linear products business, how are you thinking about the economic sensitivity of that business, especially weighted to relative to handsets and how they traditionally shrug off any economic slow down or they have in the past?
Dave Aldrich: James, this business is maybe for a point of clarification, as I have mentioned, we have got, between two or three thousand, about 2500 part number skews and over now, a thousand customers and it is growing pretty rapidly and think of it is a catalog standard business, so we have got to catalog that is as thick as a phone book, not because we want to lug it around, but it is because it is a market where you take fundamental building blocks and then you characterize them across as many parameters as you can possibly think off so that they can be adapted in as many applications where we are seeing the business as a distribution base, broad catalog business, and then within that business, we have begun to identify vertical applications where the size and the margin warrants constant development or application specific development. Liam and I have talked about a few of those. I know that these are quite different, energy management, I do not see as a seasonal business for example, automotive is seasonal, infrastructure is cyclical, albeit is not necessarily seasonal, but when you aggregate them all, this business has very, very low customer concentration, very low product concentration. I hope that helps.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: Well, actually, what I am asking is I am wondering how much more sensitive to just economic cycles do you think that business generally is. I understand it is way more diversified across customer basis, but I am just wondering if you feel like it is more economically sensitive than the handset business?
Dave Aldrich: I do not think it is more economically sensitive to me, handset business. Intuitively I would say that it is not, but again I have to really frankly step back and analyze the various pieces to try to understand that which is utility oriented or more discretionary and frankly I would be giving you a weak answer if I tried to quantify it.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: Just a quick follow up on the free scale product acquisition, how much of a contribution was that in the December Quarter, firstly? And secondly, are you producing those products internally as of yet, and if not, when do you plan to?
Dave Aldrich: It is hard, the materiality, it was immaterial for both our First Quarter and the Second Quarter. There was no material impact on the revenue. We expect that to change in the second half of the year and it will be a contributor as both REM and Motorola transition to our products and burn off some of their inventory. So in the balance, the second half of the year, we are expecting to be more of the contributor.
Don Palette: So, when we blocked this business in addition to of the design, rights in the IP and the exclusive rights to work within their transceiver, where it is sold in those accounts, we did not buy finished goods, so that inventory and late stage finished goods is bleeding though the supply chamber.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: Great, but are you already producing that internally yet or should we expect that to ramp in the second half?
Dave Aldrich: It is transitioning as we speak and we did not buy any fab assets, so it is transitioning to our foundry and being qualified as we speak and it will be on our production facilities in the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from Aalok Shah with the Credit Suisse.
Aalok Shah – Credit Suisse: I know most of my questions have been answered but just, I want to follow up a little bit on the linear products a little bit more. It seems like, you guys have got into – down about 5% next quarter and I am trying to figure out if the margins are so much higher in the linear product’s group. Could we see gross bargains going up even above the 39.8% range? Is that something that you guys are just conservative about right now or shouldn’t we kind of start to see a little bit increase in the margins?
Dave Aldrich: I would look at that business. It does have higher contribution margin as we have discussed substantially higher. I think the share or percentage of the revenue in Q2 is not overly significant. I think Kansas will be down less than seasonality. I think we need our products ill be more flat and seasonal with a lot of embedded dynamics within this broad portfolio. We are trying to be prudently conservative. And so, we are pushing 40% at this point on a revenue base of a couple of hundred million and we feel very, very good about that. There is an upside opportunity as we move in to Q3 and into Q4 and into 2009 for sure.
Aalok Shah – Credit Suisse: And then David, can I follow up really quick on Casio? What do your utilization rates are night now?
Dave Aldrich: Well our utilization and our internal factories are running well into the 80s and operating to below 90s. We have bought some equipment on line that is being qualified as we speak. We are transitioning to six inches and a lot of our equipment is in. There are no bricks and water, so it is relatively inexpensive proposition. But it doubles our true – and our existing boundaries, we are duck tailing that end but what is different about us is that we do have fully qualified suppliers for all of our major. Where we are vertically integrated, we have copy of the exact fully qualified suppliers on the outside who are ramping to varying degrees so we have an ability to address a lot of upside demands without having to get out in front of the high end of all of our customer’s curve by being totally vertically integrated. We like that high breed model a lot and I think it is going to serve us very well and our investors well over the next 2, 3, 4 to 5 years.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Ellis with Citigroup.
Craig Ellis – Citigroup: I want to drill down into gross margins a little bit more. It looks like the business is developing a profile where margins are a little bit flattish in the first part of the calendar year and then you get some uplift in the back half of the year. In December, we are up 130 basis points versus December of last year. So, the questions is, is that the profile that you think is starting to manifest in the business and secondly, as we look out to where we will be exiting, I think you can get the same type of gross margin improvement over the next four quarters as you did within the last four.
Dave Aldrich: Maybe Don and I can answer this together. It is very revenue dependent and overall our yields are improving are improving across the product portfolio into varying degrees. We are shipping more linear products with more diversified, more dollar content and front-end modules. So, there is a trend towards higher margin as we work those products into a fixed cost structure. And in the second half of the year, you said, one half of the answer – it is volume dependent. The second half of the year was the growth comments that we have made and where we see our business moving. Higher revenue will translate into higher margin. And as Don just mentioned, you know the 42% range is what we have stated publicly, 18% operating income at 240 to 250. we are now at a 210 run rate we just think that with a quarter $210 run rate we have got a lot of upside capacity rooms so we have not talked specifically about when we will intersect with that margin, think of it that way, at $242.50 we are on 18% operating income with over a couple of hundred basis point higher gross margin.
Don Palette: And it also makes more sense to when you are looking at margins as you sort to have to take it off on where we are and our most recent run race, because year-over-year comparisons can get muddy by what day, depending on the mix and where you are in the volume. So I think it is a much easier model to try and work off of recent quarters and project where you think that benefit is going to be on a go-forward basis from there. I just think it makes a lot more sense.
Craig Ellis – Citigroup: Okay that is reasonable. And then a follow up on the linear business and really more a detail, typically, when we think about a linear business, we think of one that is about 50% through distribution, 50% direct sales. How should we think about the direct versus distribution mix in your business?
Dave Aldrich: Well, we have a similar dynamic here. We have world wide distributors and even third party sales reps. So that does pick up, I would say, for us it might be about 60% of the business. Where we actually have lots of smaller customer’s portfolio, and then we have more or less global account opportunities with larger companies like Erickson, Nokia, Siemens, and while we go with the direct sales team.
Craig Ellis – Citigroup: I know you guys have talked about a number of new products that were hitting the portfolio in the middle of ’07. Is that what we are seeing now? The growth in the linear business being fueled in part by what you are doing on the customer diversification side but in part, based on the success of the new products that were brought out mid last year.
Liam Griffin: Yes absolutely, and as Dave outlined, we have a couple of thousand skews and we developed a fresh setof analog and mixed signal devices in the last calendar year, about a hundred devices or so. So we are moving in a new segment like energy management where we have very costumed DCO synthesizers, PLLs, frond-end modules are integrated together to form a very unique R solution. We are starting to move forward into automotive; we talked about cable TV and Desktop. So it is a combination of new products and also expansion to some of these interesting vertical markets.
Operator: Our next question is from Pierre Maccagno of Needham & Company.
Pierre Maccagno – Needham & Company: Could you give an approximate breakdown of your 2G versus 3G and how each of those grew? Also, if you can give us an update on Helios, where the customers growing?
Dave J. Aldrich: If you look at the next, the 3G business is larger right now. You know, you know obviously a cheap – and CD business was about 60% with WCDMA being the balance.
Pierre Maccagno – Needham & Company: And how did those particularly grow?
Don W. Palette: Well obviously, there are dynamics involved. The 2G market is being fueled by new subscribers in China and India and we have had some strength there with a conflict media attack but the real growth is really occurring in WCDMA and WCDMA for lots of Dave’s outline really means that WCDMA product coupled with an edge device. That is really the architecture that we are pursuing in getting design traction on those. We moved into March and each quarter in 2008 – growth in WCDMA and Edge Devices.
Dave Aldrich: On Helios today is a little bit under 5% of our total revenue, and just keep in mind, just to remind you, we have talked about this in the past few quarters. We have a small very focused team that are dedicated to serving our RF needs for both our linear products business infrastructure, new broader catalog, some applications specific devices as well as handsets because there are subset of handset OEM that are looking for a multimode power amplifier switch built resolution with a stand-along transceiver to make with their chosen baseman support. So, in our business it is always 100% of the time that our frond-end module is made into a stand-along transceiver.
Operator: Our next question is from a VJ, Brian Murdock of Georgia bank.
Brian Murdock – Georgia Bank: A question on Nokia, did you see the gains you had in the quarter coming from perhaps on yield issues—editors in that company, or you see these as design wins and share games that you see is sustainable over the next year or two, thanks.
Dave Aldrich: Well, again we are a little bit handicapped here because we cannot speak specifically about our customers. I think you understand that, but Brian I would say that at a higher level. It is not so much the case that we are taking share from a specific company. It is more the transition of the market and the need, the underserved need in the market to have a company that can feel a pretty complex set of technology in a frond-end solution that provides the harmonics, the current consumption size and overall bill of material cost. In the case of a large OEM with a sophisticated architecture, the design window to enter a platform is measured in years, Brian. It is two to three years so it is not a sort of an opportunistic play. It is a custom, these customers tend to buy a custom – proprietary that a platform base and there is all sorts for that platform.
Brian Murdock – Georgia Bank: Or could be that the shift to WB-CDMA and Nokia is good news for you.
Dave Aldrich: I think the shift to anybody, the EDGE, WEDGE, and WB-CDMA is great news for us.
Operator: Our last question is a follow up from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research
Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Dave you mentioned, you have got a lot of external qualified vendors to help you address outside the demand efficiency without having a lot of additional costs like some of your competitors did. That does not come for free though. Obviously, margins there will not be as good as the intruders and internally, any feeling at all if we see – picking the man we should see a pinch to my margin somewhat, what would you suffer by doing that and then secondly, you said free scales of product line will start at the second half of ’08. This is obviously going to be much faster ramp than just the new products. You have Motorola and 0 out there burning off finished good inventory when they are done. TheY are going to come to you for the product. So, should we expect some sort of maybe not a hockey stick but to step up in the second half of the year as you start producing that to customers that are already built in.
Dave Aldrich: Okay, let me compartmentalize that a bit, with respect to the Foundry parts, it is a little bit different than thinking about it on if you are, for example on sea moss environment where you go out in a merchant market, you are paying the best possible price, you can then you look to drive yields and further materials cost reductions overtime to negotiation process. In this case, when we have done the Gallium-arsenide side it is quite a bit different. We have taken our process our IP, our quality people, our designers. Our device people and we have done an absolute copy exact on the very stringent contractual requirements to actually bring up a partner into volume production with MRP links and also it looks and feels and smells to our people just like what we produced internally. And because we have that kind of a relationship and we are dealing with supplies who have a different cost structure and operate it in lower cost parts of the world at much different costing. We are able to get pricing because of this arrangement that is remarkably close to our internal cost. So we do not suffer a gross margin reduction if that is your point. In this case, it is very different. You are right. If we would have to go outside and say well let us not buy a lot of packages outside and having the fun that there are gross margin requirements and their cost of capital then there is obviously flexibility advantage offset by gross margin but in the case of the boundaries it is quite different. I am sorry, would you repeat the second half of the question.
Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: In the free scale, you mentioned it is going to contribute in the second half of this year as your two big customers, one roll on a rim, burn off their finished good in the door. Shouldn’t we be modeling maybe not a hockey stick increase but some significant stepup in revenue because it is not like you are ramping a new product that has – and sell. You have got people in stall based incumbent customers that will start ordering it from you again.
Dave Aldrich: I think the absence of specific guidance from us in the second half, I think your intuition is right. It is a faster transition and we do expect it to be a contributor in the second half. So, I think your point that it would ran faster than your normal design when it is true.
Operator: We do have one final question. It is Mike Burton with Think Equity Partners.
Mike Burton – Think Equity Partners: I need to talk a little bit about your contribution margin in WCDMA and Edge or Wedge compared to GSM.
Don Palette: GSM is much more mature so we are producing enormous volumes there. The yields have been coming up very quickly and Wideband CDMA and remarkably they are quite close the Wideband CDMA gross margins are very good once you get them into the north of 85% yield and that is where we begun to drive them. We are not there across the portfolio but they are increasing in a semiconductor learning curve that we understand, I think quite well but test times are coming down so utilization comes in much more volume to any given step in the process and so the contribution margins today are quite similar, overall, over time, the gross margin in our entire business, the blend of gross margin increases because we simply have more dollar content driving not only higher utilization but there is a fixed cost element to our cost of sales. So, on a product by product base it depends upon where we are in the yield learning curve and unfortunately products that are launching are launching the way we would expect them to.
Mike Burton – Think Equity Partners: Supposed the OEMs that are reported to have spoken optimistically about 3G in ’08, can you provide us some insight on your own estimates for 3G next year or perhaps what percent of sales you see that becoming?
Don Palette: Yes, absolutely, Sony Erickson, and Samsung have both recorded pretty much in line and you are correct that it did report favorably on 3G or WCDMA , we see that clearly as the fastest growing segment of the market and as we have outlined before, for us, I do not think we have a case where we have the WCDMA part without an EDGE and largely in EDGE, FEM made it to that 3G band or multiple bands. If you look at the numbers, ’07, we think it is about $180 million 3G phones worldwide in the 1.1 billion and that number is going to well into the high twos, maybe as high as three hundred million next year.
Operator: And with that, this does conclude today’s question and answer session, I would like to turn the conference back to David Aldridge for our closing comments.
Dave Aldridge: Thank you very much. This concludes our conference call today and on behalf of the entire team, I thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mr. David J. Aldrich - Chief Executive. Officer, Pres Mr. Donald W. Palette - Chief Financial Officer and VP Mr. Liam K. Griffin - Sr. VP of Sales and Marketing Mr. Thomas Schiller – Investor Relations
Analysts: Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray Mike Burton - ThinkEquity Partners Jeroen Bos - UBS Equity Research Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research Jeff Kvaal - Lehman Brothers George Tai-Won - CIBC World Markets Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions’ Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time I would turn you over to Tom Schiller - Investor Relations for Skyworks. Mr. Schiller, please go ahead.
Tom Schiller: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Skyworks Solutions’ Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year-End earnings conference call. With me today are Dave Aldrich, our President and Chief Executive. Officer, Don Palette, our Chief Financial Officer, and Liam Griffin, our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Dave will begin today’s call with a business overview followed by Don’s financial review and outlook. We will then open the lines for your questions. Please note that our comments today will include statements related to our future results. They are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected, as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those noted in our earnings release and those detailed from time to time in our SEC filings. I would also like to remind everyone that results and guidance we will discuss today are from non-GAAP income statements consistent with the format we have used in the past. Please refer to our press release within the Investor Relations section of our company’s website for a complete reconciliation to GAAP. I will now turn over the call over to Dave for his comments for the fourth quarter in fiscal year 2007.
Dave Aldrich : Thanks Tom and welcome everyone. Today we announce our fourth fiscal quarter and 2007 year-end results, and I am very pleased to report that Skyworks team delivered strong year-over-year and strong sequential profit improvements. Our performance this quarter and throughout the year helps to demonstrate our progress since exiting the baseband business a year ago. At that time, you may recall, we outlined a four-prong strategy. First, to intensify our focus on areas of competitive strength and differentiation, and this is squarely in the analog and in the RF domain. Second, to diversify our business into non-handset linear applications that have high gross margins and have annuity-like revenue streams. Third, capitalize on content growth in 3G multimode applications, supporting all key OEMs. Fourth, to generate sustained higher financial returns. Our results reflect progress along each of these fronts. Skyworks today is a stronger, a more competitive and profitable company. We have increased research and development investment in highly-focused areas, while simultaneously partnering with the leading chipset providers. Now this is something we were frankly unable to accomplish when we were competing with the very same companies in the baseband arena just one year ago. And by increasing our internal manufacturing capacity, in addition to developing external second sources for foundry and for assembly services, we are well positioned today to economically capture the increased demand for our linear products and our front-end solutions. In short, the Skyworks team remains committed to delivering profitable growth. Okay, now let me take you a moment to specifically address some fourth fiscal quarter and year-end highlights. First for the quarter, we increased our revenue by 9% sequentially, we have expanded our gross margin into the mid-39% range with diluted record EPS at $0.14, and this is $0.01 ahead of consensus, and we generated a record $30 million from cash flow operations. Now at a higher level during the quarter, we continue to gain momentum with our linear products business by, during the year, introducing over 100 new analog products, as we continue to round up our catalog. We strengthened our position with existing handset customers as well as securing important new ones. With our latest high, average selling prices are high, ASP multimode front-end modules and radio solutions. We captured several reference designs with the industry’s top baseband providers, which will translate into meaning revenue for fiscal year 2008. Most recently in the intellectual property front, we have acquired Freescale Semiconductors’ proprietary GaAs power amplifier and front-end module design and related intellectual property. We have purchased 16 fundamental HBT and RF MEMs patents developed by Rockwell Science Center. At the same time, we divested some non-strategic bulk order pads. In the case of Freescale, I would also like to add that we can now count them among our growing list of reference design partners, a core part of our strategy. Finally, during the year, we have also expanded our capacity in both our domestic gallium arsenide fabs, both of them PF HBT, and implemented a hybrid manufacturing model with multiple external foundries, with the goal of capturing additional share. Now at Skyworks, we have developed an operating model which allows us to maintain high internal capacity utilization, by creating second sources for high fixed cost services. Services like foundry and assembly. Successful implementation of this approach provides us with a great deal of supply chain flexibility. It lowers our capital investment and it provides us with the ability to meet outside demand. We’re convinced that this approach will improve our gross margin and help us lower our capital spendings. Okay, now I would like to further elaborate a bit on a few specific accomplishments during the quarter and our two product areas. First, linear products. We have ramped up the volume production through remote meter reading solutions for utility and industrial applications. When you consider that there are an estimated two and a half billion households and businesses worldwide that still require manual gas, water, power meter readings, there is clear demand for an economic RF solution that could provide these real-time logistics. We’re ramping some of those into production now. We have now reached the high volume production levels with multiple, high performance receivers in support of several top-tier base station LEFs. These receivers are providing more RF content, more dollars to Skyworks, and at the same time they are lowering our customers’ building material costs, and by reducing the size of the overall base station. A win-win. We have sampled our first both filter plus power amplifier module in a wireless LAN access point manufacturer. This is now augmenting our existing volume b/g and n wireless front-end module business. We continue to be very encouraged by the growth prospects of this business, our linear products business, which now represents nearly one fourth of our revenues. In our participation in an addressable market that is nearly four times, four times the size of the wireless cellular handset industry. Okay now turning to our handset business. The transformation from voice-centric phone to 2G phone, voice-only, to multimedia EDGE, WEDGE, Wide LAN and CDMA platforms continues to accelerate and it continues to gain momentum. With this trend, the complexity in the front-end module increases as each new operating frequency band requires additional amplifiers; additional filtering and switching and control. This is now expanding our ASPs by as much as threefold from the 2G design. At the same time, there is a narrowing of the competitive landscape, given the requisite degree of technical and manufacturing breadth, particularly when compared to the less challenging 2G power amplifier market. A special note during the quarter: we began multimode front-end modules shipments to get another Tier 1 listed OEM, and we are absolutely delighted to be entrusted with business spanning all of the industry-leading manufacturers today. At the same time and not to be underestimated, Research In Motion (RIM) and MediaTek in China are quickly becoming two of our fastest growing customers, given RIM’s strong growth among enterprise users, and MediaTek’s success in delivering low-cost platforms for emerging markets. Given that the number of suppliers today who possess the breadth and technology and the available capacity to address these needs is decreasing, we believe Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capture share for front-end content that will grow from roughly $1 to $2 in 2G and CDMA and GSM cellphones to nearly $6 in 3X and multimode handsets. This is an incremental opportunity that our company measures in the billions of dollars over time. Okay so in summary, the Skyworks team continues to focus on building an increasingly diversified business, with stable earnings growth driven by defensible competitive advantages in linear products and in handset RF end markets. With our strong market position and our dedication to operational fundamentals, we believe we can outgrow our addressable markets. We believe we will further expand our gross margins and operating margins. Okay now, I would like to turn this over to Don for his review.
Don Palette: Thank you, Dave. Before I provide my overview of our results, I would like to say that as Skyworks’ new Chief Financial Officer, I am excited about the company’s financial outlook. Skyworks is very well positioned, as Dave has underscored. One of my areas of focus would be to ensure there are growth opportunities to deliver earnings leverage and maximize our return on investment. Based on our product pipeline, I believe we have a business model capable of delivering higher returns. Specifically, at a $250 million quarterly run rate, I see the path to generating operating margins approaching 20%. At the same time, we will continue to strengthen our balance sheet. Now for my comments for the quarter just completed. Revenues for the fourth fiscal quarter was at $190.5 million, up 9% sequentially and at the higher end of our guidance range. Gross profit for the quarter was $75.1 million or 39.4% of revenue, a 65 basis points sequential expansion. Our continuous improvement in gross margin reflects the following: delivering on yield improvement initiatives, higher equipment efficiency and factory utilization, and enhanced product mix, as multimode FEMs and linear products become an increasing part of our business. Operating expenses were $52.4 million, of which R&D expenses total $31.8 million and SG&A costs were $20.6 million. Our operating income for the quarter was $22.7 million, generating a return of 12%. Net other income for the quarter was $388,000 while taxes were at $128,000, which did exclude a non-cash tax benefit of $3.5 million reported in our GAAP results. Net income totalled $23 million, up 36% sequentially and 120% on a year-over-year basis. Earnings per share was a record $0.14, one penny ahead of consensus estimates, and reflecting a 2x improvement over the $0.07 reported this time last year. Now turning to the balance sheet. We exit the quarter with cash and cash equivalents, as well as short-term investments, of $254 million, which is up $90 million from the prior quarter. More specifically, we generated a record $30 million in cash flow from operations, recorded $10 million in depreciation, and invested $12 million in capital expenditures primarily on fab and assembly and test capacity. Now to our business outlook for the first fiscal quarter. Given strong order visibility and the ramp of our newest analog and front-end module designs, we once again anticipate top line growth approaching 10 percent on a sequential basis. Assuming revenue of $207 million, we would suggest modeling a gross margin of between 39.5 and 40.0 percent, and operating expenses of $54 to $55 million, yielding a 13% operating margin. For the line, we are forecasting interest expense of $200,000 and a cash tax rate of 3% or $800,000 which translates into a $0.15 to $0.17 earnings per share, based on a 162 shares outstanding. As a reminder, we currently have NOLs in tax credits on our balance sheet, which will shield approximately $250 million in earnings and taxes. For financial modeling purposes, you should assume a cash tax rate of 3% for your 2008 and 2009 model years as we continue to use our NOLs. That concludes our prepared comments, and Operator, please open the lines for the question and answer session.
Operator: Due to time constraints, we ask that you have one question and one follow-up. We will go first to Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus.: Congratulations guys on a great quarter. Don, welcome.
Don Palette: Thank you.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus.: Don, just one brief clarity. Did you give a share count guidance? I was brushing through there?
Don Palette: Yes, 162 million.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus.: 162, okay great thanks. You mentioned a ramp of leading Tier 1 OEMs this last quarter. Can you give any quantification of contribution, material, non-material, meaningful expectations for Q4, and expectations of maybe that OEM ramp through 2008?
Liam Griffin: Great question, we appreciate that. Now as you know, we have been diligently working with each of the top five OEMs over the last year and even now and in ’08. We have made a tremendous progress along the way, specifically, around WCDMA and EDGE, as we move into the multimode arena. But there are some specific accounts that we cannot get into the details on here, as you know. But again, we look forward to grow among the top five. We are pleased that we have been able to secure each one of these with a highly sophisticated multimode design, and we expect a report on future gains as we move through the year.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Then lastly, if I may, could you go through just a view of inventory health. OEM versus what is happening in the distribution channel?
Dave Aldrich: Cody, I do not see any significant inventory overhang issues. It you mean of the end products or the components that we make, it seems to be quite stable. From my perspective, there is some tightening of supply of some components out there that we have been able to secure multiple sources. It is not going to be an issue for us, but there is some tightening of the supply chain but we do not see an inventory overhang impacting the business.
Operator: We go next to Amit Kapur with Piper Jaffray.
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: Given your recent announcement of the conversion from 4 inch to 6 inch, can you walk through some of the potential gross margin impacts of that transition, and how are you working to maybe minimize some of those impacts?
Dave Aldrich: Sure Amit, I will take that one. If you look at our business model, when we talked about it in the prepared comments, we have done a lot of work over the last couple of years to provide copy examples for our critical processes, PHEMP and HBT being two of them. So we now have partners who are able to build, not only surge demand, but a significant amount of our demand. We are doing that in assembly and tests as well. As a result, we do not have to do a bricks and mortar expansion. We have already acquired most of the equipment over the years that are capable of doing 6 inch. We are in the process of cutting that equipment over, qualifying new processes, and buying some new gear. But since this is not a bricks and mortar play for us, it will fit pretty comfortably in the capital expenditure profile we have had for the last several quarters. So it is going to be a different model for us. We have already increased capacity. We are leveraging that now and beginning to fill the capacity we have throughout 2007 in our boundaries. We are exercising and working closely with those second tiers. It is different. You should think of it as being a similar capex quarter over quarter number that you have seen from us in the last few quarters.
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great, that is helpful. Maybe as my follow-up, could you update us on the transition that you are seeing from PA modules to front-end modules, and give a sense on how you see the WCDMA front-end module end market trends in the coming quarters?
Liam Griffin: Yes, we are seeing a pretty aggressive acceleration, specifically at the higher end, EDGE and WCDMA and so as integrated FEMs, adding either a switch or a filter, in some cases, both. So we are seeing the adoption occurring quite rapidly. We are also seeing the trend toward multiple PAs in phones happening now. We are seeing European phones with band 1 and band 8, and WCDMA made it with an EDGE device that may have a nine 9 trough switch. We are seeing US phones with a band 2, bands 5 and an EDGE device. So all of that is materializing and we feel pretty good about it. As you know, Skyworks is uniquely positioned to have normally the GaAs/HBT technology for our PAs, but also have strength in TM switching and assembly testing. So we are bringing that all together and it is definitely a trend that is going to play well for us.
Operator: We go next to Mike Burton with ThinkEquity Partners.
Mike Burton - ThinkEquity Partners: Hey, thanks guys, great quarter. How many 10% customers did you have in the quarter and for the year?
Don Palette: As for the quarter, we have three, Sony Ericsson, Samsung, and Motorola.
Mike Burton - ThinkEquity Partners: And then also for the year as well?
Don Palette: Yes.
Mike Burton - ThinkEquity Partners: Okay, thanks. Can you break down the percentage of sales that you are currently selling to radios, perhaps as a bundle with the PA, and then maybe just the radio portion of those revenues?
Don Palette: Our revenue for standalone transceivers and handsets is in the mid single digits. Right, none of those are sold at standard standalone price, so they are all bundled.
Operator: We go next to Jeroen Bos with UBS Equity Research.
Jeroen Bos - UBS Equity Research: Yes, thank you. A quick question, one of your customers at MediaTek this morning made some comments about shortages in the power amplifier side. Maybe you can comment what you are seeing there, and if this is related to, maybe, better than expected ramp with your new large OEM?
Liam Griffin: Yes, great question. As we noted in the prepared comments, MediaTek is a very important customer for Skyworks. If you are following that company, tremendous year over year gain, and their businesses is largely driven by gains in emerging markets with SoC Solutions and GPRS. We are alongside MediaTek in a significant number of the platforms here. We gained market share. Quite frankly, the shortages that you are speaking about right are creating opportunities for Skyworks. Our supply chain has done quite well on delivering these products. We have been a welcomed partner with MediaTek and we do not see any problem in our food chain at all in supporting them.
Dave Aldrich : Let me be more specific. The shortages that they referred to are not to Skyworks. It is creating an opportunity. We are picking up shares as result of those shortages.
Jeroen Bos - UBS Equity Research: Okay, great, and maybe you will follow up, maybe I missed that. Can you comment on what the linear growth revenue was sequentially? And if you see any negative impact on slowdown with the infrastructure side of the revenue?
Dave Aldrich : The linear products have been hanging in there at about a fourth of our revenue. So, that did not prove material at all in this quarter. We did see some softening of the infrastructure business as an account. However, we were offsetting that with some strength in some of our more diversified catalogue business, some wireless end products, and some of the broad-based standard products mix that we talked about. Yes, we did see some softness, we offset it, and it remained roughly one fourth of our revenue.
Operator: We will go next to Ed Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thank you very much and good quarter, guys. Regarding Freescale. So you are picking up Freescale’s business. What exactly are you getting for them? Will the acquisition be diluted or accreted near-term or long-term? What does this do to your share at Motorola or any other vendors? I know they sold to RIM and Sagem also. So does the share play and expect maybe a little better pricing because of it?
Dave Aldrich : Sure, thanks Ed. As you are probably are aware, Freescale has elected to get out of the power amplifier business and to focus on their core strength. So, as a result, we have acquired their intellectual property. We have acquired their patents. We have acquired the rights of their designs and reference design. Frankly, we are really quite pleased to be able to add Freescale to our list of baseband partners going forward, something that we are very interested to continue to expand and something that we really could not do when they competed with us in the power amplifier and front-end. By the way, Ed, I do not know if you caught the fact that we also acquired about 16 pretty fundamental RF LANs and HBT patents from Rockwell while at the same time divesting a few of the bulk order pads. We did not acquire any assets. We did not acquire people. To answer the question “Will it be accreted?” In the very short term in the next couple of quarters, it is an insignificant amount of revenue. However, as we move beyond the next couple of quarters as these new reference designs go into production, and as we begin to frankly take some of that terrific IP and apply it to our base business, we think this will be quite accretive. The next couple of quarters are insignificant, but quite accretive to revenue and profit as we move over out in time.
Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research: How does it work in Motorola now? I know Freescale is applying some of the FEMs and PAs to Motorola’s phones. Would they continue to build the legacy products and you will just take over all the new stuff, or how does it work?
Dave Aldrich: At Motorola, I cannot divulge too much of the specifics. But suffice to say that for the next couple of quarters, it will not be a significant driver of any revenue at Skyworks. It would be a diluted driver. But now at Motorola, wherein the CDMA RAZR series where in the EDGE, EDGE RAZR 2, where smothered now across all of the wide-band CDMA platforms were across, virtually all of their low-end W series, the ODM channel. So right now, we are in their top, their mid, their low end, and as we move throughout our way, we will have the vast majority of Motorola share.
Operator: We will go next to Jeff Kvaal of Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Kvaal - Lehman Brothers: Yes, thanks very much. Obviously, this is returning to the theme of component tightness in the industry for a minute. Do you feel like the overall component tightness is not necessarily yours, or someone else is contributing to restraining unit volumes for you in the fourth quarter?
Dave Aldrich: I do not think so. If we look at our visibility, we see that the visibility is quite strong right now. The market looks very strong from where we sit, from an overall unit volume in our share as our prepared comments had described. So I would say that while there are component shortages, I have not seen direct evidence that any of customers can not build phones because they cannot somehow acquire those components. Liam, want to add to that?
Liam Griffin: Oh, I agree, I agree with that and I think our supply changes well. It is pretty sophisticated in managing the sourcing side of the equation and they are working to insure that the demand can be realized.
Jeff Kvaal - Lehman Brothers: Okay. In general, I think of the seasonality in the fourth quarter. It has been up up approximately 10% in an environment where the market is healthy and you guys clearly are gaining some market share. One might think that there will an opportunity for you folks to outperform, maybe not in the December quarter but perhaps seasonally would be even less down in March as well. Does that piece make sense?
Dave Aldrich: We have, as when I made a comment that we have a strong visibility, that means we are largely hooked to this guidance, and we are very comfortable with the guidance and I agree with assessment that the December should be a seasonal high quarter.
Operator: We are going next to George Tai-Won of CIBC World Markets
George Tai-Won - CIBC World Markets: Thanks for taking my questions. Don, could you follow-up on your comment about reaching 20% operating margin at the $250 million run rate level? How do you get there? What type of gross margin and opex are you expecting?
Don Palette: I sure will. We are very much focused, as I said in our comments. We see a path from our new business models standpoint at $250 million to generate operating margins close to 20%. It is really focused on in two areas, and that is in gross margin and the leveraging of our operating expenses from a gross margin standpoint. Given our diversified product mix and are demonstrated operational focus. And I really think you can see that if you look at the margin improvement that we have pegged into this model over the last several quarters. It is really a result of driving product yields, equipment efficiencies and we really focused on material costs. We have done an excellent job of being focused and executing in that area. We believe we can generate margins at the revenue level in the low 40s. Then when you look at our operating expense base, there is not a lot of incremental cost that we have to add to generate that revenue. So we expect some leverage and we would expect that number to be something below 25%. So you can do the math and you could see that we would start approaching that 20% return.
George Tai-Won - CIBC World Markets: Can you give us an idea of the timing you are looking out over this to reach this type of numbers?
Dave Aldrich: We do not provide guidance outlook for any more than a quarter. However, I must say that again we believe that the unifying growth of the overall industry is going to be strong. We believe that multimode, where we are quite well positioned even relative to 2G. But higher dollar content is going to become a disproportionate percentage of the market, and linear products is growing. So, we do not provide guidance for more than a quarter, but this is not a number we just pulled out of the air either.
Operator: We will go next to Aaron Husock with Morgan Stanley.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks for taking my questions. I guess I am just following up on the opex side. R&D was a little bit higher than what I was expecting in the September quarter. Can you confirm what drove that sequential increase, and whether the same factors would drive it up again and/or down in December?
Don Palette: In our fourth physical quarter, it really was just the timing of some of the investments we are making on projects. We had some higher material costs associated with specific projects and just some timing associated with mass and some other variable expenses in R&D. We have been making some capital investments, they are really focused on improving our order development cycle and some of that depreciation started to hit in the fourth quarter. So that is really what was driving the increases.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Okay, the R&D dollars, did they go up again in December? Or do you see a little bit of a decline? Will some of those mass costs fall off maybe?
Don Palette: I think it is going to be relatively flat based on the program profile that we are seeing right now.
Operator: We are going next to Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank : Hi, guys, a couple of questions. First, you had other income of $3 million that contributed $0.02 to your bottom line. What was that and is that part of your guidance for the following quarter?
Don Palette: Well as I talked about, we talked a little bit about the approach to take for our tax rate on a go forward basis. And as I mentioned we have NOLs and tax credits on the balance sheet that are adjusted by a valuation allowance, okay. And the accounting rules require that we look at that quarterly; and when you get to a certain level of assurance of profitability, you have to adjust the valuation allowance. We actually did that in the fourth quarter. So some of that was a balance sheet entry; a portion of that actually benefited the tax expense which was about $3.5 million in the fourth quarter. That is on a GAAP basis. Now, we adjusted that on the non-GAAP basis back to our cash tax rate which is 3% so that is what you saw on the fourth quarter.
Dave Aldrich : So Brian, when we provided our guidance and then we delivered the earnings per share this quarter, it was, as I have said, above guidance. We did not take benefit. We backed out that credit. So it is not correct that benefited our pro forma results.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: So you are saying the other income was in tax adjustment.
Dave Aldrich : Yes, that we backed out for pro forma purposes. And so consistent with our guidance, we backed that out.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: And then RIM is going to be launching some white band front-end modules that Nokia and the Bose will have next year. That will collapse the number of PAs used in the device from five down to two. Are you prepared with technology that can compete with that one day when they come out with that product?
Dave Aldrich : Yes.
Operator: We will go next to James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you very much. Most of my questions have been answered. Although I am wondering if you could comment a little bit about what level of engagement you have been able to achieve thus far with some of the up and coming baseband providers specifically ST and Infineon and Broadcom?
Liam Griffin : Yes James. We thought we have actually been doing quite well along the baseband front here. Some of the names you mentioned and some others like TI. We are right now working with just about everyone, I would say the top five or six market share players in baseband. ST was some of the changes that we are seeing in some of our major Tier 1 accounts. It is now becoming a new and emerging focus for us right now. Infineon, we have been working with for quite some time and have some engagements with them in Korea. Broadcom, lot of things happening there, and our power amplifier technology gets very well across the whole suite of suppliers that you mentioned. Another one here that I definitely see as a being a big part of our story 2008 is Texas Instruments. We have been a strong partner with them on a low cost of platforms and a low cost GPRS world. We have several engagements with them in EDGE. Not only power amplifiers but also with our Helios FEM radio solutions and I think you are going to hear more positive comments about TI and the other names that you mentioned as we move through the year.
James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities: So on a relative basis, would you expect, as those people particularly the STs, Infineons and Broadcoms as they generally take market share over the next few years? At least that is expected. Would you expect your positioning within them to allow you to also take share? Or is it more of a trade-off where your positioning within those suppliers is likely to be not in line with your overall market positioning?
Liam Griffin : Actually, I think these changes that we are alluding to here are very positive thrusts in terms of gaining share. Those names that you mentioned are going to gain share, and I count that right now, we have plenty of head room there. We think they are going to facilitate our ability to really take it to the next level with certain key customers so we are very excited about it. We are engaged with everyone that you mentioned and we think that it is not a trade-off for us. It is an upside.
Operator: We have one follow up question from Ed Snyder with the Charter Equity Research.
Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research: In terms of your business with the largest OEMs, we can kind of touch them a little there. Are you seeing upside demand from the top tier OEMs? I know you are in the 3G business, that is kind of a recent addition. But has it expanded beyond that until, like, EDGE or 2G business also? Because we are hearing about material weakness won the competitors there and it seems like a number of your competitors are picking up shares there and it also seen in your business.
Dave Aldrich : Yes. And thanks Ed. As you appreciated it, I cannot be terribly specific here so I am going to broaden the question a little bit. We do see increase in demand, believe it or not, even though it consolidated a great deal of share among the top several OEMs and so we absolutely see that. We see it continuing the trend of consolidation of share on the back of the brand strength scale and so on. So as we see our demand profile moving throughout not only this quarter, but throughout 2008. We think that demand will remain healthy and there is a little bit of an interesting spin on that. We talked about MediaTek. We also think that those indigenous and many of the emerging markets are now being serviced by sort of a reference design approach that lowers their overall building materials and time to market. And so we were able to address a large swath of the market by addressing a couple of baseband partnerships. With respect to second half of the question, Ed, it is typical for us to bundle a solution on the front end domain that includes the multiple bands of wide band CDMA frequency. I think it was an earlier question that was I was maybe trying to get at that along with EDGE. Because if you look at, let us say a design that may have quad band EDGE with band WAN for year for wide band CDMA, there is a pretty complicated filter bag, a multi-trough switch with maybe a six or nine trough switch. There is a lot of control and logic that goes into that and increasingly what we see is a system that goes from the transceiver drives most of the control logic and the filtering and switching from a front-end module that encompasses quad band EDGE. It would then output to multiple bands or wide band CDMA. So it is more typical than not that with our customers, we sell both the wide band CDMA and EDGE at the same time. And incidentally, we are selling wide band CDMA and EDGE to all the top OEMs. Though even though it is not always the case that they are bundled, it usually is and we sell both to across the border.
Operator: And we will take a follow up with Aaron Husock with Morgan Stanley.
Aaron Husock – Morgan Stanley: As you think about the December quarter, should we expect that your RF sales and your linear sales to grow at roughly the same rate? Or should there be a disparity, which group would grow faster? And then also on the linear side, I think that you are getting some more Wireless LAN traction alongside Broadcom. When then should we expect a material ramp up in there?
Dave Aldrich: I think with respect to the mix, I think it will be similar in December. You are right, we alluded to a little bit of a mix shift away from, at least for the short term, a little bit of the infrastructure business. Although we got some new products ramping there as well. We talked about that in our prepared comments. They are in the press release. But we do see linear products being up quarter over quarter with a little bit of a different mix. So I do not think it is going to vary much from that three quarter, one quarter frankly in the short term.
Liam Griffin : Right. And with respect to your question relative to Wireless LAN and Broadcom, we are ramping those products right now. We got more than eight different designs in production with Broadcom that is band b/g platforms up to 11n. There are several other wireless band OEMs and ODMs that we are working with us as well.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Aldrich, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for closing remarks.
Dave Aldrich: Thank you very much. This concludes our call today. On behalf of the entire Skyworks team, thank you for participating. We look forward to updating you on our performance next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.
